

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 - Bai Xiaochun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 1 --- Bai Xiaochun.

Mt. Maor was located in the Donglin Mountain Range. At the foot of Mt. Maor, there was a small village, known for its simple and rustic country life. The people here mainly relied on agriculture, as they were completely isolated from the rest of the world.

It was early in the morning. At the entrance of the village, all the villagers had gathered. They seemed to be sending off a boy, who was maybe fifteen or sixteen years old. The boy looked rather frail, but this was masked by his gentle demeanor. He was dressed in common blue robes that had faded from overwashing, but these robes, when coupled with his well-kept appearance, made him look smart and spirited.

The boy’s name was Bai Xiaochun.

“Family and friends, I will soon leave on my journey to cultivate immortality, but I really can’t bear to part with all of you.” The boy’s face was filled with reluctance, as his polite speech left people with an even deeper impression of his innocence.

Around him, the villagers looked anxiously at each other. None of them wanted to let this young man leave either.

“Xiaochun, your parents passed away too early... You’re really such a good child! Don’t you want to live an immortal life anymore? If you become an immortal, you’ll live for a very, very long time. Go! Every chick must leave their nest and fly away someday.” A gray-haired old man said, as he walked out of the crowd. When he called Xiaochun a good child, he briefly paused.

“Once you’re on the outside, no matter how difficult the circumstances are, you must persevere! Move on and hold your head high! Once you walk out of this village, you should never turn back, because your future lies in front of you.” The old man kindly shared his wisdom, as he clapped the boy on his shoulder.

“Immortality…” Bai Xiaochun straightened his shoulders, as determination started to appear in his eyes. Under the encouraging gazes of the old man and the surrounding villagers, he nodded his head resolutely. He took a last good look at all of his friends and family who surrounded him, before he turned and then resolutely strode out of his village.

As the boy’s figure disappeared into the distance, one by one, the villagers became wrought by emotions. Their sad expresssions were replaced by happy and joyful ones. Even the kind-hearted and gracious old man was trembling all over, as even tears started rolling down his wrinkled face.

“Bless the heavens! That bastard has finally… Finally left our village! Whoever told him that an immortal has been seen in this area, you’ve helped our village take a giant leap forward!

“That bastard finally left! My poor chickens… What a pity! just because he hated the crowing, that bastard used some sneaky method to instigate a group of children to eat every last chicken in this village.”

“Today is the start of a new year!” From the small village, the sounds of loud cheering emanated. Someone had even brought out their drums and happily drummed away.

Outside of the village walls, Bai Xiaochun had not yet walked very far, before he heard the sound of drums and wild cheers coming from the direction of the village.

A weird look crossed Bai Xiaochun’s face, as he came to a standstill and coughed. Then, accompanied by the sound of the drums in the distance, he walked along the mountain trail and entered Mt. Maor.

Although Mt. Maor couldn’t be considered tall, it was covered in a dense foliage. Even in the early morning sunlight, his eyes could only make out a mass of dark shadows amidst the heavy silence.

“According to Er Gou, when he was being chased here by a wild boar a few days ago, he saw an immortal fly past...” As he followed the winding trail, Bai Xiaochun’s heart thumped wildly. Out of the blue, a rustling noise came from the bushes beside him, as if a wild boar was hiding there. The noise was too sudden and Bai Xiaochun, who was already tightly wound with paranoia, instantly felt a chill run down his spine.

“W-Who the hell is over there?” Reaching into his bag with his right hand, Bai Xiaochun rapidly retrieved four axes and six wooden knives. However, these weapons still didn’t give him a secure feeling, so he also took out a small black incense stick from within his robes and held it tightly in his fist.

“Don’t come out! Don’t even think about coming out! I’ve got axes and wooden knives! The incense stick in my hand can even produce thunderbolts and summon immortals to help me. If you dare to come out, you are doomed to die!” Bai Xiaochun shouted with a shaky voice. Stumbling over his own feet, he gathered his weapons in his arms and scurried away along the mountain road. His weapons jingled loudly as, one by one, they clattered on the ground behind him.

Perhaps scared away by his words, the rustling noises soon stopped. No wild beast emerged from the foliage. Bai Xiaochun’s face had turned deathly pale. He wiped the perspiration from his brows and thought about giving up on the rest of his climb. But as he looked at the incense stick that his parents had entrusted to him before they had died, he felt conflicted. It was rumoured, that once upon a time, his ancestors had rescued a fallen immortal by chance. Before departing, the immortal had left them this incense stick in return for their goodwill and promised them that he’d accept one of Bai’s descendants as his disciple. As long as the incense stick was lit, the immortal would arrive.

Up untill now, Bai Xiaochun had lit the incense stick over ten times, but the immortal had never shown up. He had begun to wonder whether the immortal would really come, or if he had long forgotten his promise. This time, the reason he had finally made his mind up to light the stick, even though there was not much incense left, was because he had been told that some villagers had witnessed an immortal flying through the sky several days ago.

That was the reason why he had come here. He believed, that if he was closer to the immortal, then perhaps the immortal would be able to sense him.

Bai Xiaochun hesitated briefly, before he grit his teeth. He was determined to keep climbing up the mountain. Fortunately, the mountain was not very high and it wasn’t long before he arrived at the top of Mt. Maor, panting heavily. Standing there, he emotionally gazed at the village beneath him, before looking back at the black fingernail-sized piece of incense stick in the center of his palm. The incense stick had been lit many times and only a small bit remained.

“It’s been three years. My parents, please endow me with your blessings! This time, it has to work!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and carefully lit the last piece of the incense stick. Immediately, a violent gale rose around him. In the blink of an eye, black clouds gathered above his head and streaks of lightning flashed across the sky. The loud explosions of thunder even threatened to deafen him.

“What a noise! What power!” Bao Xiaochun’s entire body trembled, as he felt like he would be struck dead by the lightning at any moment. He couldn’t help but want to extinguish the incense with his saliva, but with difficulty, he managed to stifle his desire.

“In the past three years, I have lit this incense stick for a total of twelve times. This is the thirteenth time. This time, I must hold on. Xiaochun isn’t scared and won’t be killed by a thunderbolt… Probably... ” Bai Xiaochun recalled all that had happened in the past three years. With the exception of this time, he had lit the incense twelve times already. But even though each time had been accompanied by such frightening thunder and lightning, not once had the immortal appeared in front of him. He, who was terrified of death, had always put out the incense stick with his saliva right away. It was a little strange that, although the incense stick looked extraordinary, in reality, it was easily put out upon contact with water.

Waiting amidst the horrifying sounds of the thunder, Bai Xiaochun fearfully trembled. Suddenly, not far away from him, a rainbow streak rapidly shot in his direction.

Cloaked in the rainbow light was an elaborately dressed middle-aged man, whose appearance was reminiscent of a celestial being. Despite this, he looked thoroughly exhausted and if you looked close enough, you could even see the fatigue in his expression.

“I’m going to see exactly what kind of person this is. Just how can he keep lighting the incense stick non-stop for three years?!”

Whenever he thought about his experience over the past three years, the middle-aged man felt rather annoyed. Three years ago, he had sensed the smell of the incense which he had gifted to others back when he was still trapped in the spirit form. He remembered the kindness that he had been shown when he was in the mortal world.

So he had flown over immediately, looking for the person who lit the incense stick. According to his calculations, he would’ve reached his destination very quickly. But unexpectedly, the moment he began to follow the smell, it disappeared immediately without a trace. If it happened only once, he’d be fine with it. But over the past three years, this had happened a grand total of twelve times.

Every time, he was interrupted in the midst of his hopeful search and had to return empty-handed. This had troubled him for three years already…

So this time, when he finally saw Mt. Maor and Bai Xiaochun, who was standing on its peak, from a distance, he was extremely irritated. He quickly flew to the mountain top. With a wave of his hands, what was left of the stick of incense was snuffed out.

Instantly, the thunder stopped. Bai Xiaochun was briefly stunned, before he raised his head and noticed the middle-aged man standing beside him.

“...Immortal?” Bai Xiaochun opened his mouth cautiously. He was not quite certain of the man’s identity and he even secretly hid an axe behind his back.

“I am Li Qinghou. Are you a descendant of the Bai family?” The middle-aged immortal’s eyes flashed like lightning. Disregarding the axe behind Bai Xiaochun’s back, he looked the boy up and down with a measuring gaze. Li Qinghou’s anger abated when he saw the young man’s delicate features, which looked like his old friend’s. What was more, was that it seemed that he was also fairly intelligent.

“Yes, I’m the descendant of the Bai family, Bai Xiaochun.” Bai Xiaochun blinked, as he spoke softly. Although he was a little frightened, he still managed to straighten his back.

“So tell me, this stick of incense, why have you lit it non-stop for the past three years?” The middle-aged cultivator’s tone was bland, as he asked the one question that had kept him restless for the past three years.

When Bai Xiaochun heard this question, his mind raced furiously. He plastered on a mask of sadness as he gazed longingly at the remote village at the foot of the mountain.

“This humble descendant is a person who truly understands the value of relationships. I was unwilling to part with my dear villagers. Every time I lit the incense, they’d beg for me to stay. Just like today, you can even still hear that they’re devastated by my departure.”

The middle-aged immortal briefly stared at him. This reason, he had never considered it before. His temper calmed even further. Just from these words alone, it seemed that the character of this youth wasn’t all that bad.

But when his gaze fell on the village, he arbituarily used his senses to scan the small settlement. When he heard the sound of the villagers, who were beating their drums and cheering at the departure of ‘the bastard’, his expression turned ugly again, as he started to feel his head hurt. As he inspected the seemingly naive and obedient Bai Xiaochun, who looked like he couldn’t harm a fly, he instantly understood, that in reality, this youth was rotten from head to toe.

“Tell me the truth!” The middle-aged immortal glared at him and loudly roared.

These words made Bai Xiaochun almost faint from terror. “Don’t blame me! Blame your lousy incense stick! Every time I lit it, it would start thundering. I was almost killed by the lightning on multiple occasions. To have survived this for thirteen times, it’s already a small miracle!” Bai Xiaochun said pathetically.

The middle-aged immortal looked at Bai Xiaochun, not knowing what to say.

“...Since you’re afraid of some simple lightning, why did you still push yourself to light it so many times?” The middle-aged immortal slowly asked.

“I’m afraid of death! However, I heard you can become an immortal through training. I want to live forever!” Bai Xiaochun bitterly said.

The middle-aged immortal was at a loss for words yet again. But on second thought, perhaps this young man’s persistence was at least commendable. If he was trained harshly in a Sect, perhaps his attitude could be changed for the better.

After shortly deliberating, the middle-aged man spread his flowing sleeves out, which gathered around Bai Xiaochun. Soon after, they dissolved into a streak of rainbow light, that shot towards the horizon.

“Come with me.”

“To where? Oh god, it’s too high…” When Bai Xiaochun realised he was flying in the sky, his face instantly turned pale. When he looked down and saw the gaping abyss below, he was so frightened that he even threw his axe away and clung to the immortal’s thigh.

The middle-aged man looked down at his leg and impatiently spoke.

“To the Spirit River Sect!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2 - Burning Stoves Kitchen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 2: Burning Stoves Kitchen

The Spirit River Sect was located in the Eastern Forest continent, in an area surrounding one of the Tong Tian River’s lower branches. Sprawled across both the north and south river banks, with a history of over ten thousand years, it was feared but respected across the world.

Eight towering mountains swathed in swirling mist lay in a line beside the Tong Tian River. Four on the northern bank, three on the southern bank, and in the middle of the Tong Tian River protruded the most majestic mountain peak of them all.

Half of the mountain was covered entirely in dazzling white snow. The mountaintop could barely be seen because of its sheer height. What could be seen though, was that the bottom half of the mountain had been hollowed out, allowing the golden waters of the river to rush through this opening. The cliff-faces on both sides of the crevice towered over the violent current like a bridge.

At that moment, a streak of rainbow light soared rapidly over the southern side of the Spirit River Sect. Wrapped in the shifting rainbow were the middle-aged cultivator Li Qinghou and Bai Xiaochun. Even as the rainbow streak disappeared into the Handyman District located beneath the third mountain, Bai Xiaochun’s screams of terror could still be faintly heard.

Bai Xiaochun was scared to death as he flew with Li Qinghou, dangling above countless lofty mountains. His body overtaken by uncontrollable terror, he had almost released his grip on the cultivator’s thigh multiple times.

In his adrenaline, the scenery in front of him was but a blur. When his vision finally cleared, he had already arrived outside an ordinary-looking loft. As he touched the earth once more with trembling legs, he looked around him. Comparing this environment to his village was like comparing Heaven and Earth. It was as though he had entered a whole new world.

Beside the attic in front of him protruded a huge boulder. Three characters were masterfully written on its surface in lively and vigorous calligraphic strokes:

‘The Handyman Department’.

A woman whose face was thickly dotted with pock-marks, had been sitting beside the stone. She stood up instantly when she spotted Li Qinghou, then politely saluted to him.

“Send this kid to the Burning Stoves Kitchen,” said Li Qinghou, without even sparing a glance towards Bai Xiaochun. He turned around, once again transforming into a rainbow streak, and flew off into the distance.

Upon hearing the words ‘Burning Stoves Kitchen’, the pock-marked woman’s face momentarily blanked. Sweeping her measuring gaze across Bai Xiaochun, she wordlessly handed him one of the fabric bags that had been prepared for every sect worker before expressionlessly listing all the basic rules of the sect to Bai Xiaochun. As the pair ventured out of the attic, they passed by various intricately designed patios and countless other pavilions, constructed with simplistic elegance. The road was paved with azure quartz and the air was suffused with the gentle, refreshing aroma of flowers and fresh herbs. It was as though they had stepped into the realm of the gods. As Bai Xiaochun appreciated the exquisite environment, the anxiety that had filled his heart earlier dissipated.

“What a nice place... This is so much better than my village.” murmured Bai Xiaochun, the anticipation clear in his eyes. The further he walked, the more beautiful the surrounding environment became. When he even saw a few delicate beauties walk past, he instantly felt endeared to this wonderful place.

A short while later, Bai Xiaochun became even happier. Because at the end of the road in front of him was a seven-story crystal building shining with a radiant light. Overhead, a dozen cranes, the epitome of elegance, soared past.

“Sister, have we arrived?” asked Bai Xiaochun in excitement.

“Hmm, over there.” The pock-marked woman replied blandly, her expression remained emotionless even as she pointed a finger towards the end of a side path.

As Bai Xiaochun looked in that direction with a heart full of anticipation, his entire body turned as stiff as a block of ice. He rubbed his eyes in disbelief and stared harder, but the scene that greeted him remained the same. That small side path was strewn with cracked earth and broken flagstones. The surrounding area lay in a state of disrepair, with straw houses scattered everywhere. From within a few of those straw huts emanated a strong stench …

Bai Xiaochun felt like crying, but was unable to shed a tear. Grasping desperately for his last strand of hope, he turned towards the pock-marked woman with an imploring face.

“Sister, you must have pointed in the wrong direction...”

“No.” The woman’s response was curt as she stepped onto the small trail. Hearing that, all of Bai Xiaochun’s fantasies instantly shattered. He could only follow after the pock-marked woman with a bitter face.

They had not walked long before he spotted the end of the the shoddily-constructed path, where there were a few huge black pots darting about. Upon closer inspection, he realised that underneath each of those pots was a huge obese man. All of them looked like irreparable gluttons; it seemed that the moment you poked one of them, nothing but oil would ooze out of the pores of his skin. They were incomparably, abnormally fat. Especially the one who had been standing beside a cottage -- he was a massive, bulging mountain of meat. Bai Xiaochun feared that at any moment, he would explode.

Surrounded by hundreds of huge pots filled with rice, these fat men had been pouring water into them to soften the grains.

Sensing that someone had arrived, the fattest man looked up. The moment he spotted the pock-marked lady, that mountain of meat’s expression instantly lit up, and an overjoyed grin appeared on his face. Carrying a large ladle, he ran straight towards the pair, causing the earth to shake under his mass as his rolls of fat trembled and rippled with the sudden movement. Bai Xiaochun stared at the scene in disbelief, subconsciously feeling the urge to look for an axe.

“This morning, when I heard the magpies sing, I wondered what good fortune would happen today. So it’s because you’ve come to visit! My dear Sister, could it be that you’ve had a change of heart and noticed my many talents? Let’s take advantage of this prosperous day. You and me, let’s get together.” The fat mountain’s eyes shone with perverted thoughts as he yelled emotionally while running.

“I’m just delivering this kid to your Burning Stoves Kitchen. And now that he’s here, goodbye!” After the pock-marked woman saw the mountain of fat, her expression instantly turned ugly. Her irritation was clear as she rapidly retreated.

Bai Xiaochun inhaled sharply. He had observed the pock-marked women during their short trip together, and he finally reached a conclusion: her appearance must have been painted by a ghost! Just what kind of taste did that fat man have? How could he be so horny when faced with such a woman?!

Even before Bai Xiaochun had completed this thought, the mountain of meat had already arrived before him, huffing and puffing. With his bulk, he blocked the sun entirely as his shadow covered Bai Xiaochun.

As he raised his head to stare at the mountain of meat whose rolls of fat were still quivering, Bai Xiaochun swallowed nervously. In his life, he had never seen such a fat man!

The enormous man pitifully tore his eyes away from the spot where the pock-marked woman had been standing and glanced at Bai Xiaochun.

“Whoo, so we have a new guy here. Kid, to take the place of Xu Baocai who was arranged to join our kitchen, you’ve got some background.” said the fat man.

“Brother, my...my humble name is Bai Xiaochun.” Under the pressure exerted by the sheer bulk of the other man, Bai Xiaochun subconsciously took a few steps back.

“Bai Xiaochun? Hm... your skin is white and your body is small and delicate… Good, good! Your name suits my tastes perfectly,” the fat man said as his eyes lit up. When he patted Bai Xiaochun’s bony shoulder, the boy nearly collapsed to the ground.

[TL: Bai Xiaochun’s name directly translates into ‘small, white, pure’.]

“Brother, may I ask for your name?” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath as he rolled his eyes and shot a disdainful glare at the wall of wobbling fat before him. In his mind, he was already thinking of ways to mock the fat man using his name.

“My name is Zhang Fatso One, and that’s Yellow Fatso Two and Black Fatso Three…” the fat man chuckled.

As he heard these names, Bai Xiaochun instantly lost his desire to play with their names. He could not help but marvel in shock at just how appropriate those names were.

“As for you, we will call you Bai Nine from now on…Hmm, but little Brother, you’re way too skinny! At this rate, you’ll completely humiliate our Burning Stoves Kitchen! But don’t worry too much, in less a year, I promise that you will be just as plump as the rest of us. Then, we shall gift you the name of White Fatso Nine,” said Zhang Fatso One as he patted his chest, causing his gelatinous body to wobble madly.

When he heard the three words “White Fatso Nine”, Bai Xiaochun’s face looked like he had swallowed a bitter lemon.

“Since you are now our ninth Brother, we’ll treat you exactly like one of our own. Our Burning Stoves Kitchen has this pot carrying tradition. See this black pot behind my back? This, This is the king of all pots! Look at this beauty -- top-quality iron, engraved with the magical flames of the Earth...Compared to the rice cooked in an ordinary pot, the spirit rice boiled with this pot has a far, far superior taste. You must also choose a pot. Only when you carry it on your back will you truly look fierce and glorious!” Zhang Fatso One boasted as he smacked the pot on his back.

“Senior Brother, can I…not carry the pot…?” said Bai Xiaochun quickly after he pictured himself carrying a huge black pot on top of his head. He glanced furtively at the pot strapped to Zhang Fatso One’s back and it suddenly occurred to him that perhaps, everyone in the Burning Stoves Kitchen walked around with a pot day after day.

“Of course not! Pot-carrying has been a long-standing tradition of our Burning Stoves Kitchen! In the future, when you’ve entered the main sect, as long as other people see this pot behind your back, they’ll know that you’re from the Burning Stoves Kitchen! No one will dare to bully you, for our Burning Stoves Kitchen holds great power!” Zhang Fatso One winked at Bai Xiaochun. Before Bai Xiaochun could even get a word in, the fat man had already dragged him to the back of the straw hut. Behind the hut, thousands of huge pots were piled one on top of another. Most of them were covered by a thick layer of dust as it was immediately clear that no one had been here for a long time.

“Ninth Brother, choose a pot here and let’s go cook. If the rice is burnt, then the other Brothers will never stop complaining,” Zhang Fatso One gave a parting shout. He then turned around to join the other fat men in darting around the hundreds of pots again.

Bai Xiaochun sighed loudly as he stared forlornly at row after row of pots. As he contemplated over which one he should choose, he suddenly noticed that in a corner, there was a pot half-buried beneath a large pile.

This pot was somewhat special. Instead of being round, it was oval-shaped which made it looked less like a pot and more like a turtle shell. On the surface of this pot, upon closer inspection, a faintly visible carved pattern could be seen.

“Eh?” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly lit up. Hurrying over to the pot, he crouched down and inspected it carefully. Pulling the pot out from under the pile, he scrutinised it further, before a satisfied smile appeared on his face.

Even when he was young, he had always adored turtles because the turtle was a symbol of longevity. And the reason he had come to seek immortality, was precisely because he thirsted for a long life. So today, the moment he laid his eyes upon this turtleshell-shaped pot, to him, it had already become a lucky omen that would grant him great fortune.

As he lifted the pot out of the storage hut, Zhang Fatso One spotted him from a distance. With his ladle still in hand, the fat man hurriedly wobbled over.

“Ninth Brother, out of all the pots, why did you choose this one? This pot had been left there for god knows how many years. Since it resembles a turtleshell, nobody has ever used it or chosen to carry it on his back, this…Are you sure you want this pot?” Zhang Fatso One absent-mindedly patted his stomach as he advised kindly.

“I’m sure, I’ll take this pot,” said Bai Xiaochun determinedly. The more he examined this pot, the more he liked it.

Zhang Fatso One urged him to rethink his decision once more but when he saw that Bai Xiaochun had already firmly made up his mind, he shot the youngster a weird look before giving up and falling silent. After arranging a straw hut for Bai Xiaochun to live in, Fatty One went back to cooking.

By now, the sky had already turned orange, the tell-tale sign of dusk. In his straw hut, Bai Xiaochun turned the turtleshell pot which he had been given over and over in his hands, carefully observing the shape of the pot. As the fading sunlight hit the steel, he traced the dozens of lines running along the back of the pot, forming a pattern. These lines had faded to the extent that there were invisible unless you were exceptionally observant.

With all his heart, he believed that this pot was special. Only after carefully placing the pot on the stove, did he begin examining the interior of the hut he had been assigned. The interior of the hut was simple -- a small bed, a set of table and chair, and an ordinary bronze mirror hanging on the wall. As Bai Xiaochun inspected his room, a beam of purple light flashed across the surface of the ordinary-looking pot behind him and immediately disappeared.

To Bai Xiaochun, too much had happened in a single day. Today, even though he had finally arrived at this world of the immortals that he had dreamed about for so long, his mind was still filled with confusion.

He took a deep breath and a look of anticipation appeared on his face.

“I want to be immortal!”

Bai Xiao Chun sat down and took out the fabric bag that the pock-marked woman had given him earlier.

Inside the bag was a single pill, a wooden sword, a piece of incense along with the uniform and badge of the Odd-jobs department. The last item within the bag was a bamboo scroll, with a few small letters written on the cover.

‘Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, Qi Condensation Manual.’

[Editor’s Note: Qi is a branch of inner energy, directly translated as “flow of air” and commonly known as chakra.]

As dusk faded into twilight, the Burning Stoves Kitchen was suddenly filled a mad bustle of activity. Bai Xiaochun sat in his room, the bamboo scroll on his lap. His eyes were filled with desire. He had come in search of longevity and he was now holding the gates to immortality right in his palms! He took a few deep breaths and flipped the scroll open.

Immediately, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone brightly with excitement. There were three pictures printed in the bamboo scroll. According to the explanation written below, the foundation of this Cauldron Manipulation Technique was separated into two parts - Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment. And this Purple Cauldron method contained ten levels which corresponded to the ten degrees of Qi Condensation.

When a cultivator rises to the first level, they would be able to manipulate small external objects with their Qi as though manipulating their own arms and legs. When they reach the third level, they would be able to control objects less than half the weight of a cauldron, and when they reach the sixth level, the weight of the object which they could control would rise to more than half the weight of a cauldron. When they reached the ninth level of cultivation, they could control objects as heavy as an entire cauldron. Finally, when they came full circle and achieved the peak level of cultivation, they could easily manipulate objects that as heavy as two entire cauldrons.

But this bamboo scroll only displayed the way to achieve the first three levels, with no information touching on the subject of the higher levels. Furthermore, in order to train in this Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, cultivators were required to use a special breathing method.

Bai Xiaochun focused his mind and adjusted his breathing. Closing his eyes, he positioned his body according to the first picture in the scroll. However, he lasted a mere three breaths before his entire body became sore, so sore that he couldn’t help but yelp in pain. Just how was he going to hold such a demented pose? While using a breathing method that deprived him of air, no less?

“Too damn hard! What the hell! It says that while holding this pose, I’m supposed to feel a stream of energy flowing through my body. Well, apart from pain, I feel nothing else! Absolutely nothing!” complained Bai Xiaochun. But still, his thirst for immortality was too strong. Gritting his teeth, he readied his body and tried again. Over and over again, he stumbled along, trying to practice the first pose. But even as night fell, he was still unable to sense even a single strand of energy in his body.

He was unaware that even the most talented cultivator would need at least a month to finally sense their energy while practicing this Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique without external help. So in just these few short hours, it would have been impossible for him to feel any form of energy.

At this point, his body felt like it had been fed through a grinder. Bai Xiaochun stretched widely. Just as he was about to stand up to wash his face, a sudden loud commotion burst from outside his door. Bai Xiaochun stuck his head out of the window and instantly saw a scrawny young man standing outside the front gate of the Burning Stoves Kitchen, with a ghastly expression on his ashen face.

“I am Xu Baocai! Which bastard took my place?! Get your ass out here!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3 - The Six Lines of Wisdom
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 3 - The Six Lines of Wisdom

The moment Bai Xiaochun stuck his head out, he was instantly spotted by the scrawny teenager. When the teenager’s gaze landed on Bai Xiaochun’s face, his temper flared up. “The person who stole my place must have been you!”

“It wasn’t me!” It was already far too late for Bai Xiaochun to retract his head, so he hurriedly fixed his face into a mask of innocence.

“Bullshit! You’re so skinny and your head is tiny. You’re obviously new here!” Xu Baocai clenched his fist tightly as he glared at Bao Xiaochun.

“It really has nothing to do with me…” Bai Xiaochun muttered softly. When he saw that Xu Baocai was about to explode from his rage, he felt a little sorry for the guy.

“I don’t give a fuck. Three days from now. The southern slope of the Main Sect. You and me, we’ll have a death match. If you win, I’ll tolerate this nonsense. If you lose, then you’ll hand your position over to me.” Xu Baocai spoke loudly. From within his robes, he retrieved a challenge letter written in blood and tossed it at the window in front of Bai Xiaochun. On the letter was a dense mess of countless crimson promises of blood-soaked death.

Bai Xiaochun stared blankly at the bloody letter, before reading the numerous blood-soaked characters. He could feel the killing intent rising from the letter and was actually quite frightened, especially after recollecting that the other party had talked about a death match.

Bai Xiaochun inhaled sharply. “Dear Brother, is this really so important that you would use your own blood to write so many characters…? It must’ve been so painful.”

“Important?! I was scrimping and saving day after day to gather seven years of spirit pebbles. Seven years! Seven whole fucking years!! And only after honorably handing them over to the Deacon, did I manage to secure entrance to this Burning Stove Kitchen. Only to be blocked by you! We can’t both work here. Three days from now. Either you die or I live!” Xu Baocai was nearly hysterical, as he ground his teeth.

“Well, there’s no way I’m showing up.” Bai Xiaochun gingerly pinched the edge of the bloody letter between his fingers and tossed it out of the window.

“Youuu!” Xu Baocai was about to explode when he felt the ground shake and a mountain shift towards him. Without him realising, Zhang Fatso One had already appeared, glaring at Xu Baocai with a frosty gaze.

“Bai Nine, go and scrub the bowls with your Second Brother. As for you, don’t scream so loudly in this kind of place. Go and play somewhere else.” Zhang Fatso One flapped his hand dismissively, creating gusts of wind.

Xu Baocai’s expression changed as he retreated several steps. He seemed to want to say something, but restrained himself after seeing Zhang Fatso One. He could only shoot a final poisonous glare at Bai Xiaochun, before reluctantly leaving.

As Bai Xiaochun thought about his situation, he felt that Xu Baocai’s parting gaze was quite sinister. For the next few days at least, he should probably play it safe. He decided to avoid stepping out of the Burning Stove Kitchen, unless it was absolutely necessary. As long as he remained here, that guy wouldn’t dare to enter.

As the days passed peacefully, Bai Xiaochun began to get used to the the working life at the Burning Stove Kitchen. During the night, he would train his Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique. However, it was a pity that his progress was so slow that even now, he was unable to practice this technique beyond four breaths at a time, causing Bai Xiaochun plenty of distress.

This night, as he trained, he suddenly heard sounds of loud excited cheering from the fat Brothers of the Burning Stove Kitchen coming from outside his window.

“Close the gates! Close the gates! Yellow Fatso Two, quickly shut the gates!”

“Black Fatso Three, hurry up and check if there’s anyone spying on us!”

Bai Xiaochun was slightly stunned. This time, he had learned his lesson -- he wouldn’t peek out from his window, but through a gap in the door. From his narrow vantage point, he could see that the fat men outside were incomparably lively, as they sprinted frantically around the yard, as though harbouring a huge secret.

Soon, the front gates of the Burning Stove Kitchen were tightly shut and someone had executed a technique that apparently filled the surroundings with a thin layer of fog, adding even more mystery to the shadowy figures of these few fatties.

Bai Xiaochun stared at them for quite a while, before noticing that the fat men were no longer darting about, but rather secretively huddling in front of a straw hut. Even through the fog, he was still easily able to identify Zhang Fatso One’s hulking figure, who seemed as though he was muttering something under his breath. Bai Xiaochun reasoned that the less he knew about this secretive event, the better it was for him. So he retreated a few steps and pretended that he had seen nothing.

But at this moment, he heard Zhang Fatso One’s call out to him.

“Fatso Nine, you’ve already seen everything. Why don’t you hurry up and come out?” His voice wasn’t loud, but it carried a heavy pressure.

Bai Xiaochun blinked a few times before he put on a mask of obedience. Looking as though he couldn’t harm a hair on anyone’s head, he walked out of his hut.

The moment he neared the scene, Zhang Fatso One grabbed and swept Bai Xiaochun beside him. As Bai Xiaochun huddled together with a few other fat men, he instantly detected a unique smell. When it entered his nostrils, it dissolved into numerous currents of warmth that assimilated into his entire body.

Looking around, the people beside him all displayed expressions of comfortable bliss. Bai Xiaochun also felt refreshed. He saw that in Zhang Fatso One’s palm, there was a Lingzhi Mushroom the size of a baby’s head. As this mushroom glowed softly with a crystalline light, he could tell from a single glance that this was no ordinary item.

“Ninth Brother, come. Take a bite.” Zhang Fatso One grunted. He glanced at Bai Xiaochun as he tossed the mushroom over.

“Ah?” Bai Xiaochun looked down at the Lingzhi Mushroom, then looked up at the fat Brothers around him. As he noticed Bai Xiaochun’s hesitation, Zhang Fatso One instantly became mad. The expression on his face implied “If you don’t eat it, then you’ll never hear the end of it from me.”

It was not just him. The others brothers around him, Yellow Fatso Two, Black Fatso Three and so on, had similar expressions on their faces as they glared at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun swallowed a mouthful of saliva. This kind of priceless, treasured Lingzhi Mushroom had been tossed to him like it was a chicken drumstick and now he was being forced to take a bite of it, if he didn’t want be scolded. This was something that he had only dreamed of. It was the first time such a fortunate event had happened to him.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart beat wildly. Gritting his teeth, he received the offered mushroom and violently took a huge bite. The flesh of the mushroom melted the moment it entered his mouth, assimilating into his body. The bliss that he felt was countless times stronger than before, to the extent that Bai Xiaochun’s face had flushed red with pleasure.

“Good, now that we’ve eaten the Hundred Year Old Lingzhi Mushroom that Elder Sun requested to be placed in his soup, we have truly become our own people.” Zhang Fatso One’s expression was filled with satisfaction, as he also bit off a small portion of the mushroom before passing it on to the next fatty. Very quickly, bite after bite, the outer rim of the Lingzhi Mushroom had been eaten. A furtive smile appeared on Bai Xiaochun’s face.

With a chuckle, he instantly understood that these men were all in cahoots with each other. Since the other Brothers had eaten until such obesity without any complications, this kind of wild gluttony must be safe. No wonder Xu Baocai had given him a challenge letter with so many characters written in blood… “Brother, this Lingzhi Mushroom is too delicious. My whole body feels warm.” Bai Xiaochun licked his lips, greedily looking at Zhang Fatso One.

Hearing this, Zhang Fatso One’s eyes lit up as he laughed heartily. From within his robes he retrieved a piece of Solomon’s Seal[1] and tossed it to Bai Xiao Chun.

“Little Brother, now you know how great this place is. Your senior has not lied to you. Eat up, there is still more to come!”

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes sparkled as he took another huge bite. Just as he finished swallowing, Zhang Fatso One retrieved a stalk of orchid. This orchid had a golden yellow colour and its fragrance spread in all directions.

This time, there was no longer any need for Zhang Fatso One to speak. Bai Xiaochun quickly bit into the orchid. Bursts of sweet and sour flavours filled his mouth and pleasure rushed throughout his body. Immediately after, Zhang Fatso One once again took out a red coloured spirit fruit. The fruit’s flesh was almost sickeningly sweet. Within the fruit, a strand of energy slowly revolved.

Thereafter, be it mushrooms, medicine, spirit fruits or orchids, Bai Xiaochun had taken a bite of everything, just like the other fatties. He had eaten till his head was spinning, as though he was drunk. His body was bloated with heat as wisps of smoke were even given off from the top of his head. He felt like his waist had expanded by at least a few centimeters.

As he continued to eat, Zhang Fatso One and the other fat men all softened their gazes. In the end, they were all patting their stomachs while chortling with a hint of conspiracy in their laughter.

In a drunken stupor, Bai Xiaochun spread out his arms and legs. His palm landed on the stomach of Zhang Fatso One, his leg hitting the ground next to him as he began to laugh loudly like the rest of the fatties.

“The other houses in this Handyman department have thought of all kinds of schemes to grasp the title of Outer Sect disciples. But we, in order to throw away the title of Outer Sect disciples have similarly come up with all kinds of ideas. Who’d want to be an Outer Sect disciple? This place is too amazing!” Zhang Fatso One crowed proudly. The more he looked at Bai Xiaochun, the better his mood became. He took out a piece of ginseng, its top bearing numerous rings. The countless whiskers of ginseng roots tangled together into a mess, a clear testament to its old age.

“Ninth brother, each of us have long since cultivated enough to become Outer Sect disciples. But we need to hide that fact. See this? This is a Hundred Year Old Ginseng. To fight for the opportunity to have even a nibble, the Outer Sect disciples would even break their skulls. Look at us though.” Zhang Fatso One plucked a strand of ginseng root and tossed it into his mouth, chewing noisily. After he had swallowed it, he tossed the rest of the ginseng to Bai Xiaochun.

“Brother, I’m full...This time, I really can’t eat anymore…” Bai Xiaochun’s gaze was unfocused and distant. He had truly eaten too much. But even as he spoke, Zhang Fatso One stuffed a piece of ginseng root into his mouth.

“Ninth Brother, you’re too skinny! If you go out like this, what kind of girl in the main sect would fancy you? The people here who are popular are all people who are round and glorious like your Brothers! Come, eat… We have a popular saying here in our Burning Stove Kitchen -- Better to die hungry on a stove, than to fight for glory in the Outer Sect.”

“Yeah, yeah, we’ll all be going to die hungry here. Yeah… All die hungry...” When he heard the popular saying, Bai Xiaochun patted his stomach and burped.

The other fatties had all started laughing, as they felt that this Bao Xiaochun was becoming more and more adorable.

“Today, we rejoice. Ninth Brother, let me impart to you an important piece of knowledge. When we, the Burning Stove Kitchen, eat, we eat with discretion. There’s a saying that I want you to remember:

Eat the corners of the Lingzhi

But do not touch the stem

Cut meat with a heavy hand

To remove bone leave three-tenths

For Lingzhi porridge add more water

And a small cup of wine to blend.

These six lines of wisdom are lessons that our ancestors, from many generations ago, have learned. As long as you eat accordingly, nothing bad will befall you. Alright, all of you can leave now. Today’s supper is over. Those Outer Sect disciples are still waiting for their soup.” Zhang Fatso One said as he began to pour rice soup into numerous bowls.

Bao Xiaochun was in a daze, as those six lines of wisdom filled his brain. As he looked at the fatties who were busy scooping rice soup and then looked at the rows of bowls, he burped and squatted down to pick up an empty bowl. After careful inspection, his lips cracked into a smile.

“Brother, this bowl isn’t that great.”

After Zhang Fatso One and the rest heard him, they looked towards Bai Xiaochun, their expressions full of curiosity.

“All of you, look at this bowl. It doesn’t seem to be big but actually can hold a lot of food. Why don’t we change it so that it looks big but in fact can only hold very little? For example, maybe we can make the bottom of the bowl...a little thicker?” Bai Xiaochun said with a smile, his face the very picture of angelic innocence.

Zhang Fatso One momentarily blanked. A feeling of immense epiphany struck him, as his rolls of fat slowly began to quiver and his eyes began to shine brightly. The other fatties had all sped up their breathing, the fat on their bodies wobbling.

- Pa! - Zhang Fatso One suddenly slapped his thigh, threw his head backwards and laughed towards the sky.

“Great, great, GREAT! This idea can be immortalized! It’ll bring huge prosperity to future generations of this Burning Stove Kitchen! Ninth Brother, from your innocent appearance, I didn’t think that you’ll be this full of rotten ideas! Haha! With your personality, you’ve been destined to work in our Burning Stove Kitchen!”

----

[1]: A Solomon Seal is a herb that’s used in Traditional Chinese Medicine to improve internal circulation.

TL: The eating scenes remind me of a certain ecchi cooking anime…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4 - Spirit Refinement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 4 Spirit Refinement

Everyone was delighted. When they looked at Bai Xiaochun, their adoration for him had peaked. Not only was he a cute kid, but his stomach was also full of rotten ideas. So Zhang Fatso One made the decision to reward Bai Xiaochun with a grain of rice that he stuffed into the boy’s hand.

With an overjoyed grin on his face, Bai Xiaochun dazedly stumbled back to his room. Before he had even climbed onto his bed, the spiritual energy in his body that had accumulated from consuming those countless treasures of heaven and earth, had already exploded. His mind blanked as he collapsed onto the floor and began snoring as he fell asleep straightaway.

Bai Xiaochun slept unusually well. The next dawn, when Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes feeling refreshed, he looked down to find that he had become one round fatter. His whole body was sticky, covered with a layer of black filth. He hurriedly went out to wash himself clean. When Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties who were busily preparing breakfast saw Bai Xiaochun’s appearance, they all began to chortle with laughter.

“Ninth brother, that filth is the dirt within your body. After it has been removed, your cultivation will become much smoother. These few days, we don’t need your help. Afterwards, you can start doing chores.”

“That grain of rice is a very useful. Remember to eat it quickly; it’ll degrade if you leave it for too long.”

Bai Xiaochun replied with a resolute nod and hurried back to his bedroom. He soon came out his room with a turtle-shaped pot on his back. After washing it carefully, he carried it back to the room and put it on the stove. The spirit rice he held in his palm was translucent and glowing softly, almost as small as the tip of a little finger. A tantalizing fragrance that emanated from the spirit rice filled the room.

“Ah, the food that immortals eat...Truly out of the ordinary.” Bai Xiaochu was thoroughly amazed by the rice as he quickly put several chunks of wood into the stove. As soon as the wood was lit, a blast of scorching heat forced Bai Xiaochun several steps back. He gazed at the flames, exclaiming in wonder.

“The fire is definitely special too. Not only is it abnormally fierce, the temperature is also much higher than those back in the village.” Bai Xiaochun glanced again at the wood inside the stove, concluding that the wood was also not ordinary.

At that moment, as the flames burned even higher, Bai Xiaochun was shocked to see that the first line on the surface of the turtle-shell pot started to light up, from bottom to top. Seconds later, the whole line was shining brightly.

Bai Xiaochun fixed his eyes on the bright lines, his mouth agape. Suddenly, he slapped his thigh.

“I knew it! This is a treasure; it’s definitely superior to those pots that my brothers have.” As Bai Xiaochun realized just how extraordinary his pot was, he swiftly threw the spirit rice inside.

As he sat beside the stove and waited, he picked up the bamboo scroll containing Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique and began to train according the movement and breathing method indicated by the first picture.

Even as he just began to cultivate, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened. He realised that the posture that had been so difficult for him last time, was now actually very natural, without even a trace of pain. Even the breathing method no longer suffocated him; On the contrary, it was in fact very comfortable now.

Especially with regards to the time he could hold the pose for -- he clearly remembered that previously, he could only sustain for a maximum of three to four breaths. But now, even after more than seven breaths, his body still did not feel sore.

Restraining his excitement, Bai Xiaochun calmed himself down in order to continue his cultivation. After his thirtieth breath, when he began to feel his body starting to ache slightly, a flow of Qi suddenly rose from inside his body. The Qi was ice cold as it rapidly swam within his inner body. Even though it didn’t complete its cycle before it vanished, Bai Xiaochun was still so excited that he bounced up and down in celebration.

“There’s Qi! Haha! There’s Qi now!” Bai Xiaochun was wild with glee as he paced within his room. He thought about all the treasures of heaven and earth that he had eaten last night and deeply regretted not eating more.

“No wonder Brother Zhang told me that he’d rather die hungry on a stove than to go out and fight. This kind of good fortune wouldn’t be available to Outer Sect disciples.” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly sat down as he began to cultivate again.

This time, as Bai Xiaochun cultivated following the breathing method and posture indicated by the first level of the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, he got to the sixtieth breath. At this point, a flow of qi approximately two times stronger than the previous one, burst from inside him, trickling away within his inner body like rivulets of water.

Now, that he had experienced it, Bai Xiaochun hurriedly positioned his body according to the picture in the manual, silently thinking about the routes of Qi flow in his body.

Soon after, the Qi inside Bai Xiaochun began to flow according to the routes he had imagined. As he held the stance similar to the one shown in the first diagram, he felt numerous strands of cold Qi emitting from every part of his body, assimilating into the flow of Qi like droplets of water, causing the flow to become bigger and bigger.

Eventually, the flow of Qi accumulated into a stream as it completed a cycle within Bai Xiaochun. His entire body jerked and as though a storm cloud had gathered in his mind, a clap of thunder could be heard.

A light and nimble sensation that Bai Xiaochun had never experienced before instantly surfaced within his body as clumps of dirt oozed endlessly from every sweat pore.

Unlike his previous efforts where the stream of Qi would disappear, this time it stayed even after his cultivation as it flowed freely and gently throughout his body. Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes to find that his sight had become clearer and his brain could process things faster.

Even his body clearly felt more light and relaxed.

“This lasting flow of Qi, it’s the indication that I’ve reached the first level of Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, which also represents the first level of Qi Condensation.” Bai Xiaochun revelled in his ecstasy before he rushed out of the room to take another shower.

When the fat Brothers saw him, they smiled knowingly. Towards the fact that Bai Xiaochun had so quickly attained the first level of cultivation, they were startled, but they also understood the origins of that speed.

Returning to his room, Bai Xiaochun took a few deep breaths before he picked the bamboo scroll and inspected it closely.

“Once the first level of the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique has been mastered, I can begin to manipulate certain objects without touching them. This is truly a technique of the Immortals.” Bai Xiaochun’s sparkled as he mimicked the simple hand gesture depicted on the manual and pointed to the table beside him. Instantly, he felt the small stream in his body flow towards his index finger, like an unbridled horse, before leaving his fingertip.

It was as though an invisible line had formed between his fingertip and the table. Unfortunately, the moment the line connected the two, it became unstable and shattered with a crack.

It took quite a while for Bai Xiaochun to recover from the shock; he raised his slightly paled face and started pondering. After careful analysis, he figured out that maybe he should give up the desk and choose something smaller instead. He pulled out a wooden sword, though he didn’t know what kind of wood this was made of, when he weighed the sword in hand, he was sure it was heavy. Confidently, he raised one finger of his right hand.

With a slight vibration, the sword slowly floated in the air. Nevertheless, when it rose to as high as one cun [1], it suddenly dropped off to the ground.

Bai Xiaochun was not a quitter, so he tried numerous times passionately. Fortunately, progress was made step by step. The height rose from one cun to ten cun, twenty cun, thirty cun…He practiced relentlessly throughout the night until dawn. Providence never let down a man who had tried his best. Finally, he successfully maintained the sword at a certain height and was able to make it float horizontally. Although the sword moved rather slowly and couldn’t turn around, it was a great achievement given that Bai Xiaochun had just begun learning. At the very least, it would not fall again.

“From now on, I’m one of those immortals!” Bai Xiaochun stood there arrogantly. He put his left hand behind, and waved his raised right hand in the air, directing the movements of the close by wooden sword, which was flying back and forth staggeringly.

After playing with the wooden sword for a long time, Bai Xiaochun discovered that his flow of qi was not as stable as before, so he stopped. When he was about to go back to cultivation, he caught scent of the alluring aroma that continually wafted from the pot. He raised his head and realized that the spirit rice was still stewing in the pot. So he dashed in front of the pot and opened the lid.

Suddenly, a rich, delicious smell filled Bai Xiaochun’ nostrils. Strangely, there was a glaring silver line on the spirit rice!

Bai Xiaochun stared at that mesmerizing silver line, and after several minutes, he found the color had faded to dark silver. Out of curiosity, he took out the spirit rice from the pot and scrutinized in his hands.

“I bet I have seen this line somewhere else…” Bai Xiaochun pondered. Looking down at the stove, he found all the wood was burned out to ashes. The line on the surface of the pot darkened itself as well.

Instantly, Bai Xiaochun discovered that the line on the spirit rice and the pot was the same!

Putting aside all his suspicions, Bai Xiaochun hid the cooked spirit rice into a hip-pocket, in case he caught any unknown disease by eating this rice. After thinking deeply, he went out and joined his fatty brothers.

Time flowed as per usual, and in a blink, half a month at hassed, In this half a month, Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation had paused again as his spiritual energy increased very slowly. But even so, he had found out that when other people were cooking the Spirit rice, there wouldn’t be any traces of silver lines.

Gradually, Bai Xiaochun concluded that both his spirit rice and the pot were weird. Several days later, Black Fatso Three went out to purchase materials. Bai Xiaochun seized this opportunity and slipped into the Four Seas House, where handymen were allowed to learn some rudimentary knowledge about immortal cultivation.

Bai Xiaochun concealed his excitement on his way back to his room, and he took out the spirit rice as soon as he arrived. He observed the silver line in rapt attention, soon, an unconceivable expression emerged from his face.

“All immortal cultivators have to go through three refinements, namely: medicine refinement, weapon refinement, and spirit refinement!” Bai Xiaochun compared the silver line on the spirit rice with the illustrative pictures in the classic record books in the Four Seas House, and he found that they were incredibly similar…

“Spirit refinement!” After a while, Bai Xiaochun exclaimed.

Spirit refinement was unique way of cultivation that forcefully injected the energies of heaven and earth in objects. By replacing the divine order of things and strengthening the objects through stealing that energy, be it Dan medicine, herbal medicine or treasures, they could all be enhanced through Spirit Refinement. Since this method went against the laws of nature, there was only a certain probability of success. But if you succeeded, the object’s potential would be largely increased. But if you failed, under the pressure of the energies of heaven and earth, the object would be turned into trash.

The most incredible part in spirit refinement was that the object was allowed to indefinitely repeat the refinement process as long as it didn’t drop. If an objected, for instance, was cultivated for ten times, it would obtain earthshaking improvements.

The rarer the object, the more terrifying the repeated spirit refinements were.

Unfortunately, the more time you cultivated on the same objects, the more slim its chance to success would become. Even for those masters of spirit refinement, they would be extremely cautious in making their decision for a repeated cultivation. After all, once it failed, all the previous efforts would be in vain.

“According to the classic record book, the most valued treasure of the Spirit River Sect was the Heaven’s Edge Sword, which was cultivated for ten times in spirit refinement!” Bai Xiaochun swallowed. He turned around and stared at the pot and the silver line. He was so confused, yet at the same time excited, as if his heart would jump out of his chest.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun confirmed that the pot was the answer to all his confusions, especially the silver line on the spirit rice.

After some pausing to ponder, Bai Xiaochun gnashed his teeth, determined to decipher the mystery otherwise he would not be able to fall asleep. Knowing the uniqueness of his pot, he decided to keep the secret to himself.

Afraid of being spotted, Bai Xiaochun waited until midnight to examine the pot. As he approached the pot, he took out the wooden sword and threw it into the pot, just as he did with the spirit rice.

...

[1] cun: a unit of length, about 1/3 decimeters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5 - If I lose my life, what am I going to do then?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 5 - If I lose my life, what am I going to do then?

The wooden sword landed in the pot, but there didn’t seem to be any special changes. Bai Xiaochun hummed softly under his breath as he expectantly opened his eyes wide, his watchful gaze fixed on the sword.

But even after waiting for a long time, in the end, there was still nothing strange that happened. Bai Xiaochun thought for a while, glancing at the patterns on the back of the turtle-shell pot before gazing at the wooden cinders in the stove. He seemed to suddenly have an epiphany, as he turned and left the room. Soon after, he returned with a few blocks of the wood that he had previously used, clasped in his hands.

In the Burning Stoves Kitchen, this wood could not be considered anything special, but he still went to find Zhang Fatso One to ask for some.

As he lit the wooden blocks, Bai Xiaochun instantly saw the first line of pattern on the turtleshell pot begin to glow brilliantly again.The hearthfire burned furiously before slowly starting to extinguish. Bai Xiaochun started to ponder other ideas when suddenly, the wooden sword inside the pot began to shine with a blinding silver light.

Bai Xiaochun retreated a few steps. Before long, the blinding light died down, and he could immediately feel a powerful energy wafting out from within the pot.

He took a deep breath, and cautiously crept closer. He saw that on the wooden sword, within the pot, streaks of blindingly bright silver lines had appeared, just like on the Spirit Rice. Those lines slowly darkened, before finally fading away into a dark silver colour.

The entire body of the sword felt slightly different from before. Although the material was still wood, it seemed to radiate with a sharpness characteristic of metallic gold. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes lit up as he bent forward and carefully picked up the wooden sword. It felt slightly heavier. When he brought it closer, he could even feel a sharp coldness emanating from the blade.

“Success! This wooden sword has successfully been refined once.” Bai Xiaochun was wildly gleeful, as he clasped the wooden sword tightly; so in love with it he couldn’t bear to let go. He looked at that pot again as he thought about how he could hide the item, before finally deciding that he should just leave it where it was. The more casually he treated it, the less people would be likely to notice.

For the spirit rice, that problem was easily solved by eating it. But since this wooden sword would be easily seen by other people, Bai Xiaochun contemplated about covering it up under some miscellaneous items, which would hopefully weaken the brilliant rays of the spirit lines.

After he made his decision, he got up and groomed himself before walking out of the straw hut, acting as though nothing had happened. Some days later, as night fell, he brushed the multicoloured secretions that he had collected from the Burning Stove Kitchen over the past few days onto the wooden sword, turning it into an ugly splatter of colour. As he messed around with the substances, he noticed that the glowing spirit lines had indeed largely been covered up and were no longer immediately obvious. Only then did he nod his head in satisfaction.

In the following days, Bai Xiaochun had adapted to the life in the Burning Stoves Kitchen like a fish to water. He had become very close with his senior Brothers, and was now completely familiar with the kitchen chores, especially with the different flames that were needed to cook different types of spirit food. He could even separate the flames by their colour so he now understood that previously, the wood beneath his turtleshell pot had been fire of Colour One.

In particular, because Zhang Fatso One liked Bai Xiaochun a lot, he took good care of the youngster. In a few months, just like Zhang Fatso One had promised before, Bai Xiaochun’s life in the kitchen had slowly fattened him up.

Currently, he was no longer the stick-like figure who had entered the Sect. His whole body had gained several layers of fat and his complexion had turned even more fair, giving him an even deeper impression of being harmless, as though he was inching closer towards the name “Bai Fatso Nine”.

With regards to the added supper, till today he had experienced it a few more times. But what troubled Bai Xiaochun was that although his weight had inflated rapidly, his cultivation had begun to slow down. In the end, he had decided to simply not think about it and spent day after day eating and drinking with his Brothers. It was a life of glorious freedom. From Zhang Fatso One he had heard plenty of stories of the incidents happening within the Sect over these few months, and had gained a certain degree of understanding towards the members of the Spirit River Sect.

He knew that the Sect was divided into disciples of the Inner Sect and disciples of the Outer Sect. Those in the Handyman Department that were able to train until the third level of Qi Condensation, were able to pass a mountain peak’s entrance cultivation test. If they were able to succeed further, then they could enter the realm of cultivation and become disciples of the Outer Sect. Only those who were successfully able to enter the Outer Sect could be considered to have stepped into the gates of the Spirit River Sect.

But this was equivalent to a mere fish trying to jump through a dragon’s gate. Because each peak’s entrance examination only admitted the top three scorers every month, the number of people who could successfully test into the Outer Sect were fixed.

This day, it had originally been Fatso Seven who was supposed to go down the mountain to search for materials, but he had been delayed due to various circumstances so with a wave of his hand, Zhang Fatso One ordered Bai Xiaochun to climb down in his stead. Bai Xiaochun hesitated briefly -- it had been several months since he had last seen Xu Baocai so it should probably be quite safe to go out now. But still, in a fit of nervousness, he retrieved six vegetable knives and put on five layers of leather coats. He looked entirely like a walking ball.

Still feeling unsafe, Bai Xiaochun found a sturdy pot and strapped it onto his back. Only now was he confident in his safety, as he swaggered out of the Burning Stoves Kitchen and waddled down the mountain.

As he wandered along the quartz-paved road of the Sect, Bai Xiaochun gazed at the beautiful and exquisite buildings surrounding him. A deep sense of superiority filled him as his spirits soared.

“The days fly by, my life is like a dream. I, Bai Xiaochun, from birth till now, have cultivated for numerous months. Reminiscing at the distant memories of my village back then, I am filled with rue...” he lamented to himself. His hands were clasped behind his back, seven to eight vegetable knives hung at his waist, a black pot carried on his back and his body swathed in several layers of leather. He looked like a ragged leather ball. As he walked, he passed by plenty of handymen who shot him questioning sidelong glances.

In particular, there were a few female disciples who after seeing Bai Xiaochun, were so tickled by his appearance they covered their mouths to giggle softly. Their laughter was like the sound of bells, clear and musical.

Bai Xiaochun’s round face turned slightly red, as he felt rather mighty. He coughed drily, puffed out his chest and continued onwards.

Not long after that, before he had even walked out of the Handyman District of the third peak, he suddenly saw quite a number of handymen in the distance with excited looks on their faces, quickly running in one direction. That was where the mountain trail of the third peak was located, usually a favourite spot of the Outer Sect disciples.

Slowly, more and more handymen started excitedly rushing in that direction. Bai Xiaochun stood there, momentarily shocked before he hurriedly grabbed a frail youngster from the crowd who was passing by.

“Fellow Disciple, what’s happening? Why’s everyone running over there?” Bai Xiaochun asked curiously.

An annoyed expression had appeared on the face of the youth whom he had grabbed. But when he saw the large black pot strapped on Bai Xiaochun’s back, admiration could be seen in his eyes as his expression softened.

“Oh, so it’s a Disciple of the Burning Stoves Kitchen. You should also go have a look. I’ve heard that the pride of the outer sect, Zhou Yu and Zhang Yide are battling each other at the training ground down the mountain. The two of them seem to have some personal vendetta against each other, and I’ve heard that both are already at the sixth level of Qi-condensation. This kind of event is something I have to see no matter what. Maybe I can learn something which will be to my advantage.” The youngster explained before he hurried off, afraid that he would miss the show if he were to be late.

Feeling very curious, Bai Xiaochun also ran in that direction with large steps, following the crowd. It wasn’t long before he exited the Handyman District, arriving at the foot of the third mountain peak. There, he saw an enormous towering stage.

This tall stage was about a thousand feet wide. Around the stage congregated numerous handymen. There were even a number of figures amidst the surrounding mountains, dressed in elaborate attire; these were the Outer Sect disciples who had also come to spectate.

On the stage, there stood two youths who wore equally intricately designed robes. One youth’s face was scarred while the other was as pale as jade. Their figures intersected each other multiple times, as loud rumbles like rolling thunder swept outwards.

These two people were both cloaked in a mystical flashing light. In front of the scarred youth was a small flag, which fluttered despite the lack of wind. As though it was being manipulated by an invisible hand, it formed a fog-tiger that roared loudly, the sheer volume shaking the ground.

The youth with the jade complexion, on the other hand, darted back and forth on the battleground. With an small azure dagger he slashed the air, leaving multiple spirit trails that nimbly shot outwards.

Bai Xiaochun watched with wide eyes as he took a deep breath. He was capable of manipulating his wooden sword but his measly skills were incomparable to that jade complexioned youth.

The two people were merciless in their attacks, their killing intent suffused the air to the extent that their lives had been in danger numerous times. Multiple wounds littered their bodies. Although there were no severe injuries, it still presented a chilling sight.

This was the first time that Bai Xiaochun witnessed a battle between cultivators. It was completely different from what he had envisioned; this kind of viciousness and hostility was enough to make his heart pound wildly in fear.

“To cultivate immortality...Isn’t it so that one can live forever? What’s with all this fighting and killing? If I lose my life, what I am I going to do then…” Bai Xiaochun swallowed nervously. When he saw the flag that belonged to the scarred youth transform into the fog-tiger and leap fiercely towards the other guy, as though it wanted to devour him in one bite, Bao Xiaochun mopped the perspiration on his brow. To him, the outside world was too dangerous! Returning to the Burning Stoves Kitchen was still the safest route.

Making his decision, he started to retreat rapidly, but just as he took his first steps back, a loud bellow came from not far away.

“Bai Xiaochun!!”

Bai Xiaochun turned around and instantly spotted the person who had initially written him a challenge letter in blood. With a demonic grin on his face, Xu Baocai rushed towards him, holding a wooden sword in front of him that glowed with an unusual light, obviously not something that a level one cultivator could beat. At that moment, he sliced an arc in the air, exerting a relatively strong spiritual pressure, as he sprinted straight towards Bai Xiaochun.

When Bai Xiaochun saw the wooden sword descend, his pupils contracted as he instantly felt that his life was in severe danger.

“He wants to kill me!” When his brain finally processed that though, he let out a sharp scream of terror, and ran away as fast as he could.

“Murder! Murder!” This loud scream could be heard by all the handymen around him. Surprised by the sudden commotion, one by one they turned to watch the scene unfold. Even Zhou Yu and Zhang Yide who had been crossing swords on the tall stage had momentarily paused their battle. This was testament to just how loud the sound waves were.

Even Xu Baocai himself was frightened by the scream. He had only yelled the other guy’s name and ran towards him. His sword hadn’t even touched the guy, but Bai Xiaochun’s agonised wail sounded like he had just been run through by the sword.

“Bai Xiaochun, if you’re so powerful then stop running!” Xu Baocai’s expression turned ghastly, his hatred so strong it made the roots of his teeth itch. He chased rapidly after Bai Xiaochun.

“If I had any sort of power, I’ll have killed you long ago! Do you think I’ll still be fucking running away? Help! Murder! Murder! ” Bai Xiaochun wailed as he only increased his speed.

As this scene unfolded, on the peak of this mountain, there was a hanging pavilion. In the pavilion, two cultivators sat opposite each other, one middle-aged and the other elderly, as they played a game of chess. The middle-aged man was Li Qinghou, The old man who sat opposite him had a head full of white hair, a rosy face, his eyes shining with brilliance. He was clearly not an ordinary person. As he scanned the foot of the mountain, he began to laugh.

“Qinghou, this doll that you’ve brought here, he is rather interesting.”

“For the Sect Leader to laugh upon seeing him, that boy’s character must be further strengthened through training.” Li Qinghou said as he shook his head. Placing down a chess piece, he felt pangs of a headache.

“Those children in the Burning Stoves Kitchen are all very prideful. For this boy to have become so close to them, it’s not easy.” The old man stroked his beard, his eyes shining with amusement.

...

TL: What if I lost my life? I’ve heard that people die when they are killed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6 - His Spiritual Energy Has Affected his Brain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 6 - His Spiritual Energy Has Affected his Brain

At the bottom of the third mountain peak, Bai Xiaochun’s terrified wails had an almost musical quality to them, as each consecutive cry echoed around the mountain range, attracting questioning looks from numerous other handymen. You could clearly see Bai Xiaochun’s plump round figure, with a big black pot strapped to his back and swathed under seven to eight layers of leather jackets, sprinting down the mountain with all his might.

In fact, if you looked from a distance, you probably couldn’t see Bai Xiaochun’s figure but you could definitely spot the large black pot scrambling across the ground like a beetle.

The seven or so knives that dangled from Bai Xiaochun’s waist knocked against each other as he ran, making noisy ding dang sounds.

“Murder, help! I don’t want to die…” Bai Xiaochun yelled loudly as he ran faster and faster. Behind him, Xu Baocai’s expression was livid. His eyes shone with a strong killing intent, his heart filled with anxiety and fury.

The entire way as he chased after Bai Xiaochun, the commotion attracted many surrounding handymen. Xu Baocai was worried that it would attract the attention of the Deacon. He started to get somewhat desperate.

“Stop screaming, damn you. Can’t you be less noisy? Why the hell are you screaming, shut up!” Xu Baocai roared angrily as he ground his teeth. With a sharp gesture, instantly the wooden sword by his side flared with light. His speed became fractionally faster as he flew forwards, straight towards Bai Xiaochun.

With a loud Peng! his wooden sword knocked against the black pot on Bai Xiaochun’s back. While an echoing Gongg resounded, Bai Xiaochun had suffered no harm as he continued to run for his life.

Xu Baocai grit his teeth violently. The black pot that was strapped onto Bai Xiaochun’s back blocked more than half of his body, leaving him with no place to strike. Unwilling to give up, he set off in hot pursuit once more.

The two people, one in front and one behind, scurried back and forth endlessly in the Handymen District.

“This guy’s carrying a pot but he still runs so fast!” Xu Baocai gasped for breath as he watched Bai Xiaochun’s shadow disappear in the distance, feeling more and more dissatisfied. He was a level two cultivator, but even though he had exhausted all his strength like a baby sucking milk, he still could not catch up with Bai Xiaochun who was sprinting away like a rabbit whose tail had been stepped on.

In the blink of an eye, Bai Xiaochun saw the side path leading to the Burning Stoves Kitchen. His eyes filled with emotion. He felt like he had seen his home, as he almost began to cry hot tears.

“Brother, help me! There’s a murderer!” Bai Xiaochun yelled loudly. He ran into the Burning Stove Kitchen, leaving a trail of smoke behind him. When Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties heard the wretched high-pitched cry, they were startled. Immediately, they walked outside.

“Brother, save me. Xu Baocai wants to kill me, I almost lost my life back there.” Bai Xiaochun hastily hid before Zhang Fatso One’s body.

“Xu Baocai?” When Zhang Fatso One heard him, his eyes flashed. He looked around but was unable to see even a shadow. Opening his mouth to speak, he finally noticed Xu Baocai’s figure in the far distance, huffing and puffing as he ran towards them.

Bai Xiaochun had also noticed Xu Baocai’s figure and felt somewhat suspicious.

“Eh, why is he running so slowly?”

Zhang Fatso One glanced down at Bai Xiaochun before he looked back up to see the heavily gasping Xu Baocai who had just arrived. The meat on his face trembled.

Xu Baocai had chased him here with much difficulty. The moment he neared the Burning Stoves Kitchen, he could hear Bai Xiaochun’s suspicious words. As those words entered his ear, he only felt a furious rage trapped in his chest. As though his whole person exploded, he roared loudly. Waving his right hand, the wooden sword beside him shot out with a Whooosh, embedding itself directly into a large tree.

Baaang! The tree shook, as a large hole where the sword had passed through, appeared.

“Bai Xiaochun, I will never forgive you!” Xu Baocai’s eyes were bloodshot as he stared at Bai Xiaochun with a death glare. He then glanced at Zhang Fatso One’s hulking figure before he turned around and hatefully stomped away.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart thumped wildly. He peeked at the hole in the tree and then at the hysterical Xu Baocai. He swallowed hard as a sense of unease rose in his heart.

As Zhang Fatso One gazed at Xu Baocai’s retreating figure, a fierce look flashed briefly across his face. He turned around and patted Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder.

“Ninth Brother, have no fear. This Xu Baocai might have a little bit of background but if he dares to show up again, we Brothers will beat him till his legs are broken!” At this point, Zhang Fatso One’s tone changed.

“Nonetheless, Ninth Brother, if you can avoid going out for these few days, then it’s best that you stay in your room. I can see that you’ve already lost weight. This Brother will fix that. It just so happens that in a few days’ time, Elder Zhou is celebrating another ten years of age!”

(TL: The word used here for ten years is 大寿. It’s a special birthday celebrated when one reaches 70, 80 etc. years of age)

Bai Xiaochun nodded absentmindedly, his gaze all the while fixed on the tree Xu Baocai had run through with his sword.

Even when he returned to the Burning Stoves Kitchen with his Brothers, Bai Xiaochun sat in his room deep in thought. The more he pondered, the less secure he felt. His opponent’s wooden sword had managed to pierce a hole in a tree. If it had been his body, he would have died a tortured death without leaving even an intact corpse.

“This won’t do, unless I plan to spend my whole life in this Burning Stoves Kitchen. Otherwise, once I step outside and he catches me, what am I going to do then…” The image of Xu Baocai’s scathing and poisonous parting glare just wouldn’t leave Bai Xioachun’s mind.

“I came here to seek immortality. I can’t die now…” The perturbation that came with a lack of safety had caused blood vessels to pop up in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. A good long while later, he grit his teeth violently.

“Fuck, I give up! No matter what, I’m still scared!” Bai Xiaochun saw red. His personality could be described as ‘scared of death’, but a better way to put it was ‘severe paranoia’. This experience he had suffered today had greatly motivated him. The stubbornness in his personality flared up.

“I want to cultivate! I want to become strong!!” Bai Xiaochun breathed heavily as he made his decision. Immediately, he took the bamboo scroll containing Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique. He inspected the second diagram and began to train with bloodshot eyes.

Although he was scared of death, he possessed a streak of viciousness. Or else he would not have persisted in lighting the incense stick so many times even though he had been terrified of being struck by lightning.

Now, he had brought out this vicious streak. He followed the posture on the second diagram and held on with all his might. Usually he could only hold the pose for around ten breaths, but today he had persisted to fifteen.

Although his body ached all over and perspiration continuously dripped from his brow, the determination in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes had still not faded. In fact he had even managed to persist till twenty breaths and then thirty breaths. The flow of Qi in his body had rapidly doubled in size. Black dots clouded his vision as he suddenly exhaled after holding his breath for a long while. But he only allowed himself to relax for a brief moment before he began to cultivate again.

He trained in silence throughout the night. Two days passed, then three days, four days… For five consecutive days, apart from attending to his bodily needs, Bai Xiaochun had not exited his room at all. This kind of dry training was difficult to endure for an amateur cultivator but the thought of giving up had not even crossed his mind.

Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties were shocked by Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation. It must be said that the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique was definitely not easy. In theory, learning it was simple but when the postures of each level were held for a prolonged period of time, it would result in indescribable pain. To persist in this technique required huge amounts of willpower. The ordinary handymen in the Sect had all only trained for a couple of days before giving up.

But they had watched Bai Xiaochun train for half a month. When the fatties came over to observe him, the Bai Xiaochun they saw was vastly different from the impression they had of him from several months ago.

His clothes were creased and his hair was messy. His eyes popped with blood vessels. His whole person looked extremely fatigued but he was still diligent in his training. No matter how much pain he suffered, he still refused to stop.

Even his body had clearly slimmed down several rounds. The spiritual authority that radiated from his inner body had greatly increased as it moved endlessly towards the completion of the first level of cultivation.

It was as though he had taken all the treasures of heaven and earth stored in his fat and through drastic measures, trained until their essence had assimilated and become part of his body. As a result, his body had become much sturdier than that of an ordinary person.

“Ninth Brother, take a break. Every day, every night, you’ve been training for more than a month now.” Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties hurriedly tried to persuade him. But when Bai Xiaochun lifted his head, they only saw the determination shining in his eyes. That kind of stubbornness caused their hearts to be greatly moved.

As time continued to pass, in the blink of an eye Bai Xiaochun had already cultivated for an entire month. During this month, his fervour had greatly shocked the other fatties. To put it in Zhang Fatso One’s words, Bai Xiaochun wasn’t so much cultivating as he was gambling with his life!

After this bout of intense training, the time that Bai Xiaochun could hold the second posture for, had also surpassed one hundred breaths and reached one hundred and fifty! The spiritual Qi that flowed within him was no longer a narrow stream. It had evidently become much wider.

As another month passed, Zhang Fatso One and the fatties were all greatly alarmed. They were terrified that one day, Bai Xiaochun would train himself to death. When they had finally made up their minds to destroy Xu Baocai, a loud rumble was heard from Bai Xiaochun’s room.

As the rumble echoed, a spiritual pressure, characteristic of the second level of Qi-condensation, had immediately erupted from Bai Xiaochun’s location. It spread outwards in a circle with a radius of thirty meters, instantly alerting the fatties. They lifted their heads to stare in that direction, as their expressions changed one by one.

“Little Brother has finally broken through!”

“The second level of Qi-condensation! Although our Burning Stoves Kitchen occasionally has added suppers, but to reach the second level of Qi condensation in less than half a year, that’s very seldom seen!”

“Back when I reached the second level of Qi condensation, I used an entire year’s worth of time…” Just as Zhang Fatso One and the other fatsos began to lament, the door to Bai Xiaochun’s room opened with a creak. His face full of exhaustion, his clothes in tatters but his eyes shining with vigour, Bai Xiaochun stepped out.

Just as the fatties wanted to greet him, they saw Bai Xiaochun’s body waver before he nimbly leapt onto the fence surrounding the kitchen yard. Clasping his hands behind his back, he stood there. His head was lifted high as he proudly surveyed his surroudings with a deep expression, looking like a expert seeking solitude.

“What is he doing standing there? He looks strange…”

“Little Brother, has he...entered the flames and become a demon?” Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties looked at each other.

[TL: 走火入魔, walking into flames and becoming a demon refers to a kind of insanity born from obsessive training. Also known as Kundalini psychosis.)

Just as they were beginning to become suspicious of Bai Xiaochun’s appearance, they heard Bai Xiaochun deliberately speak in an archaic fashion, as he stood on the fence.

“Xu Baocai, born in the Handymen District of the Spirit River sect. His peerless pride and illustrious glory, no one beneath this heaven shall deny. His cultivation has reached a shocking second level of Qi-condensation. But I am also of the second level! This battle between him and me is an even match. Our names may spread to all corners of the Earth and stir the Sects. But it is unavoidable that this battle be smeared with blood and scattered with broken bones...Nay! This battle is of utmost importance. I must continue my cultivation!”

When he finished speaking, Bai Xiaochun contemplatively gazed into the distance. With a swirl of his short sleeves, he once again returned into his room, closing the door with a Peng! One by one, the fatties swallowed their saliva. They looked at each other, unsure of what to do for a long while. Finally, Black Fatso Three ventured.

“Could it be that we have fed Little Brother something wrong?”

“It’s over! It’s over, Little Brother’s spiritual energy has affected his brain; he has cultivated to insanity...We must not provoke him!” Yellow Fatso Two’s entire body shuddered as he spoke with certainty.

--------------------------------------------------------

XianxiaWorld Sincerely Recruiting Translators

http://www.xianxiaworld.net/recruitment/

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7 - The Turtleshell Recognises Its Master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 7 - The Turtleshell Recognises Its Master

In the following days, whenever Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties saw Bai Xiaochun’s straw hut, all of them became cautious. Ever since Bai Xiaochun had suddenly broken through the second level of Qi-Condensation and conducted his monologue, his cultivation inside the room had once again started.

In the room, Bai Xiaochun wiped the sweat on his forehead. He was naked from head to toe. He was tolerating the intense pain, and gritting his teeth as he worked hard to imitate the posture portrayed in the third picture.

The Qi channel within his body was no longer the size of a stream. It had quickly grown into a small river that coursed through his body. Each time his Qi completed one circulation around the channel, a Ka ka sound could be heard coming from his body. His initially round figure had already slimmed down to the extent that he was even skinnier than he had been when he had first entered the Burning Stove Kitchen.

Bursts of energy were stored in his body. As he continued to persist in his cultivation, all the skin and flesh on his stick-thin figure seemed to be jumping lightly. If you listened carefully, you could even hear the faint beating of his heart reverberating around the room.

More and more spiritual pressure was continuously being condensed within his inner body. The feeling of becoming more powerful with every second, with every day, gave Bai Xiaochun even more motivation. This lasted until numerous days later, when a sharp pain suddenly pierced Bai Xiaochun’s body. This kind of excruciating agony was more intense than the pain he had suffered previously and he had no choice but to give up.

Panting heavily, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot. He had a strong feeling that his body could not support this kind of training for much longer. Although his body would automatically absorb natural energy from his surroundings during his cultivation, it clearly could not keep up with the amount of energy he was consuming. Moreover, the Burning Stove Kitchen’s added suppers only happened by luck; they were certainly not an everyday occurrence.

After all, when other people trained in the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, it was only once in several days. Even the most diligent ones only trained for a maximum of once a day. Here, he had cultivated endlessly every day, every night, every hour, every second. No need to mention Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties, even if the Main Sect disciples were made aware of this feat, they would be flabbergasted.

But, even after cultivating to this level, Bai Xiaochun still did not feel safe. His personality was such that he yearned hotly for security, so he retrieved the Spirit rice that he had refined and hid previously. After he had inspected the grain that was laid in his hand, he used a normal pot to cook the rice. As the spiritual energy wafted out from the pot, he did not hesitate to immediately devour the rice.

The Spirit rice melted immediately after entering his month, becoming a rich source of spiritual energy. This energy was multiple times more than that of ordinary Spirit rice; in fact, the strength of the energy was entirely on two different levels. With a loud rumble, the energy in his body began to surge like a galloping horse. Bai Xiaochun hurriedly began to cultivate, positioning his body as shown in the third picture while he adjusted his breathing.

Just like that, deep in the night, half a month later, Bai Xiaochun’s body shuddered violently. When he opened his eyes, he was surprised to find that his cultivation had already unknowingly broken through the second level of Qi condensation and entered the third level of Qi condensation.

This kind of change instantly caused Bai Xiaochun plenty of wild glee. His eyes exposed his enthusiasm as he laughed loudly. He inspected his body and noticed that the Qi channel within his body had completely changed from a mere stream into a small river.

This small river of Qi flowed rapidly within him, its speed much, much faster than before. In fact, with just a thought, the spiritual energy in his body would instantly swim to the place in his body he envisioned.

“The third level of Qi-condensation! This Spirit rice that has been refined once is really extraordinary!” Bai Xiaochun stood up and licked his lips. He was determined to refine a few more grains of spirit rice but he could feel that his Qi channel was still rather swollen. He recalled the introduction he had read in the bamboo scroll and realised that he needed to allow his body some time to adjust, so for the time being, he could not continue his cultivation.

Quelling his initial desire, he paced around inside his room, appearing rather smug. But very quickly, his footsteps paused as his gaze landed on the outside world through the panes of his window. Even though it was midnight, by borrowing the light of the moon, he could see the large tree by the side-path outside the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

“This still won’t do. Xu Baocai’s wooden sword seems to have something unusual about it. Even if I’ve reached the third level of Qi condensation, I still can’t guarantee my safety!” Bai Xiaochun furrowed his brows. After contemplating for a second, he glanced at the colourful wooden sword that lay beside him and then at that pot in his room.

“If I can refine this sword twice, then perhaps I can be more secure.” He immediately came to a decision as he walked out of his room and retrieved some spirit wood.

After he finished his preparations, on that particular night, Bai Xiaochun stood beside that mysterious pot and lit the timber. When he saw the pattern light up, he threw the wooden sword into the pot.

But this time, he waited for a very long time without any noticeable reaction. Bai Xiaochun frowned as he inspected the pattern on the pot before discovering that the wood beneath the pot had already burnt to ashes. He hummed softly, once again stepping outside to retrieve more spirit wood. But even after a few times of doing this, no matter how brilliantly the fire burned, there was still nothing happening to the wooden sword.

“These are all blocks of wood that produce One Colour Flame. Perhaps the temperature is not high enough. If I require more heat…Two Colour Flame?” As he pondered this, Bai Xiaochun walked out of his door and once again returned with a block of purple coloured wood in his hands. There weren’t many blocks of wood of this type left in the Burning Stoves Kitchen anymore, so Bai Xiaochun only managed to find one piece.

When he lit the wood under the pot, flames instantly appeared. These flames were made of two different colours. This was the much higher levelled Two Colour Flame!

The moment the Two Colour Flame appeared, the second line on turtleshell pot instantly flashed. But then the Two Colour Flame rapidly dimmed, as though all its fiery energy had been sucked away. Not long after, by the time the Two Colour Flame had completely burnt into nothing but ashes, the second line of the turtle-shell pot had already lit up.

“Success!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone brightly as he quickly placed the wooden sword into the pot. Immediately, the silver light began to shine dazzlingly bright. The time it took was many more breaths longer than when he had refined it the first time.

He watched as the light was about to dim but abruptly, the silver rays burst outwards violently, straight towards Bai Xiaochun. This change was too sudden and Bai Xiaochun did not have time to react. His vision turned white. Rapidly, an indescribable icy cold sensation, like an iceberg, melted into Bai Xiaochun’s body. To his dismay, he found that he was unable to obstruct this feeling at all. He could only watch blankly as the stream of icy coldness forced its way through his inner body.

His entire face instantly turned deathly pale. As his vision blurred, he felt as though something had been sucked out from within him and assimilated with the interior of the turtle-shell pot.

Only then did the silver light dissipate. The wooden sword that appeared at the bottom of the pot had become even sharper than before, as though looking at it was enough for your eyes to be pierced.

Although the sword’s appearance remained ragged and splotched with various colours, the patterns that had appeared on the wood had already changed. If the colourful substances were wiped away, the dazzling starlight that the pattern glowed with, could clearly be seen. This sword had already been fundamentally changed.

At around the same time the wooden sword appeared, in the skies above the Southern bank of the Spirit River Sect, rumbles of rolling thunder began to echo, as though the heavens itself was roaring with fury. It shocked multiple cultivators of the Spirit River Sect. Fortunately, the thunder disappeared as quickly as it had arrived.

When the sound of thunder had echoed, a second silver line appeared on the body of the wooden sword, flashing multiple times before darkening and disappearing beneath the coloured substances.

Bai Xiaochun refused to look at the wooden sword. His expression was uncertain as he retreated a few steps. His body felt weak. After some time, he finally recovered his senses but just thinking about the sensation he had experienced just now was enough to send chills of lingering fear into his heart.

“What exactly was sucked out from inside me…” His perturbed gaze fell on the bronze mirror hanging by the door. After deliberately scanning his image up and down, he rubbed his eyes. He inspected his reflection once more as he stood there, flabbergasted as a wooden chicken.

On the forehead of his reflection inside the mirror, there was an extra strand of white hair. And although his appearance hadn’t changed, he somehow felt that he had become one year older.

“My lifespan!!” Bai Xiaochun whispered to himself in a daze.

“What had been extracted from me just now, was my lifespan. My…my…” He felt like crying but no tears fell from his eyes. His objective when he had come to cultivate had been to live forever but till today, he had not only failed to accomplish that, he even had his lifespan shortened by a year. To him, this was truly an enormous blow.

“I’ve made a loss…To think that I, Bai Xiaochun, who have lived in safety for a small half of my life, would also have times when I make missteps…” He stood there blankly, a bitter smile on his face. After he had calmed down, he lifted his head to stare at the turtle-shell pot. But as an odd expression slowly appeared on his face, he could faintly sense that after his lifespan had been sucked away, there was now a connection between him and the turtle-shell pot. It was as though he could now control the pot.

An idea came to his mind as he lifted his right hand and pointed at the pot.

Instantly, the turtle-shell pot flashed with black light as it instantly shrunk in size. It shot towards Bai Xiaochun. In the blink of an eye, it had disappeared into his fingertip. Bai Xiaochun was astonished as he stood up abruptly and took a few steps back. He looked down at his finger then back at the empty stove.

“This…This…” He pointed his right hand at the floor again. With a burst of black light and a loud Peng! sound, the pot appeared again.

Bai Xiaochun tried a few more times consecutively. From his expression, it was unclear if he was happy or sad, as there were both traces of joy and melancholy. Finally, he even let out a sigh.

“Although I can now store the pot in my inner body, the price I paid was a year of my life. No matter how I think about it, it’s still a loss for me.”

In the afternoon of the second day, Bai Xiaochun was contemplating how he could make up for the year of life that had been sucked from him. Suddenly, he abruptly raised his head as he sensed that outside the Burning Stoves Kitchen, there were seven to eight figures galloping towards him.

The Bai Xiaochun with level one Qi-condensation would not have been able to sense them. But right now, with his level three Qi-condensation, he instantly felt that there were seven to eight figures, and the one who was leading them was Xu Baocai.

At the same time, Xu Baocai’s voice, full of hatred, abruptly carried over.

“Bai Xiaochun, you might have Brothers willing to protect you but so do I, Xu Baocai! Today, the vendetta between you and I, it’s time to conclude it!

--------------------------------------------------------

XianxiaWorld Sincerely Recruiting Translators

http://www.xianxiaworld.net/recruitment/

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8 - I’ll Fight It Out With You!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 8: I’ll Fight It Out With You!

Bai Xiaochun hurriedly stood up as he saw Xu Baocai walking towards him.

“He came here so quickly…” Bai Xiaochun murmured with hesitation in his eyes. Although he had done all kinds of preparation during this short half a year, he still felt that he was not ready. Originally, he had thought that he could ensure his own safety when he reached the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

However, Xu Baocai had not come alone. He had even brought seven to eight companions, and Bai Xiaochun knew he had to face them. He grit his teeth resolutely.

“Screw it!” He breathed deeply. Bai Xiaochun nervously pushed the door open, and slowly walked out wearing seven to eight leather coats while carrying the pot that he had used to boil the spirit rice on his back.

Almost at the same time, Zhang Fatso One and a few others had reached the front gate of the Burning Stoves Kitchen, they had large knives and ladles held in their hands, aggressively staring at Xu Baocai and those people that had come along with him.

“I was wondering what would happen today when I heard the crow caw this morning. It turns out that a group of bastards from the Administrative Department, who know nothing but squeeze fellow sect disciples, came to mess with our Burning Stoves Kitchen!” Zhang Fatso One yelled after a scornful snort. Standing there, Zhang Fatso One’s body looked like a small hill as his voice resounded in surrounding area like roaring thunder.

“Zhang Fatso One! Others may fear your Burning Stoves Kitchen, but we, the Administrative Department people, don’t give a shit about you! Our brother Xu complained tearfully to us about his grievances. We came here today, because we have the right to do so! How dare you stand against us?!” All of the seven to eight people that had come along with Xu Baocai had proud and scornful faces. Although they were all wearing handymen uniforms, the distinct character, Administration, was clearly written on each of the cuffs of their sleeves, declaring the Administrative Department’s rights and the special status of these people.

Among them was a powerful man, who was born as sturdy as a bear, was releasing a spiritual pressure that only those of the third level of Qi-condensation could release; his eyes shone with a frosty light as he stared at Zhang Fatso One, completely ignoring the rest of the people who were standing beside Zhang Fatso One.

“Bullshit! Did you just say that you were right for chasing and attempting to kill my brother, Bai Xiaochun?!” Zhang Fatso One yelled and sneered while shaking his right fist in the air. Accompanying his outburst, the large black pot that he was carrying on his back flew into the air and released a powerful aura, causing the opposing group’s facial expressions to change. As for the strong man, his pupils shrunk as he made an odd hand gesture; at the same time, a small flag rose into the air and sprayed out clouds of dense mist. From within the mist, a stream of faint bestial roars could be heard.

Right at that moment, amidst the rattling of swords and bows, Xu Baocai immediately saw Bai Xiaochun, who was walking out of his straw hut. Suddenly, all kinds of grudges and hatred gushed in his heart, making him roar in anger.

“Bai Xiaochun!!”

While shouting, Xu Baocai abruptly darted out and raised his right hand, waving it in the air. Suddenly, a wooden sword flew out from his sleeve with a swishing sound.

The expressions of Zhang Fatso One and the others immediately changed. They immediately rose up to intercept Xu Baocai but the strong man from the Administrative Department instantly blocked their paths with a mocking smile.

At exactly the same moment when Xu Baocai had yelled out and darted towards Bai Xiaochun, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned red, and he shouted out as well.

“Xu Baocai, you have pushed me too far! Today we shall fight!!!”

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was beating like a drum. He had never fought against anybody in his whole life before, not to mention a fight against a true cultivator.

Bai Xiaochun was now nervous to the point of going mad. As he growled aloud in attempt to boost his own courage, his cultivation of the third-level Qi Condensation suddenly bursted out. Bai Xiaochun forcibly injected all the Qi that was contained in his body with all his strength into the wooden sword that he was holding in his hand, before controlling it and pointing its tip at Xu Baocai.

The wooden sword emitted a buzz as two silver patterns that were hidden on the multicoloured sword’s surface flashed slightly, doubling the wooden sword’s size in the blink of an eye before emitting a cold, powerful light. Suddenly, the wooden sword shot straight towards Xu Baocai.

The wooden sword darted so fast and released such a powerful aura that it deeply shocked Zhang Fatso One and the people from the Administrative Department. More astonishingly, the power released from the sword quickly dispersed and shrouded the surrounding area. Everyone stopped fighting as they looked at Bai Xiaochun.

Before Xu Baocai had even sprinted near Bai Xiaochun, he had already been startled by the overwhelming atmosphere Bai Xiaochun had released. This Bai Xiaochun in front of him was nothing like the Bai Xiaochun that he remembered from a few months ago. He seemed like a completely different person! The desperate and vicious expression on Bai Xiaochun’s face made Xu Baocai’s heartbeat quicken.

Immediately after that, Xu Baocai opened his eyes widely, seemingly unable to believe what he was seeing. Bai Xiaochun’s wooden sword was flying towards him so swiftly that it seemed to turn into a stream of white light. The power that was being released from the sword was shocking. He had only seen such power when he watched fights between Outer Sect disciples. Xu Baocai was suddenly frightened to the extent that even his blood seemed to have frozen.

With a thunderous bang, Bai Xiaochun’s wooden sword directly clashed against Xu Baocai’s wooden sword. Xu Baocai’s wooden sword instantly quivered, before cracking inch by inch from the sword tip, seemingly unable to resist the power of Bai Xiaochun’s sword. Within a blink of an eye, Xu Baocai’s wooden sword had completely shattered into countless pieces that scattered into the air.

Bai Xiaochun’s wooden sword did not pause for even a second; it continued its flight directly towards Xu Baocai’s body. Xu Baocai’s spirit had almost left his body from sheer terror as he threw his body to the side to dodge as fast as he could, barely avoiding being run through by the sword. The wooden sword flashed by right above Xu Baocai’s shoulder before piercing into a towering tree nearby.

Half of the tree blew up with a massive boom before directly falling onto the ground, blowing up a large cloud of dust into the air. At the same moment, Xu Baocai rapidly stepped back with big steps. He let out a high-pitched scream as blood spurted out from his right arm.

Bai Xiaochun had not yet honed his skill with object manipulation, otherwise, Xu Baocai’s body would have been torn apart!

“Third-level of Qi Condensation, no, that’s impossible! Impossible!” Xu Baocai yelled. When he looked at Bai Xiaochun, his face was filled with fear, as if he had seen a ghost. To inject such a large amount of Qi into a wooden sword would require at least a cultivation of the third level of Qi Condensation. No matter how hard he tried, he could not believe that it had only taken Bai Xiaochun a few months to improve this much. He could not accept this. It was like he was having a nightmare.

Not to mention Xu Baocai, everyone else was gasping in shock at Bai Xiaochun’s display of his object manipulation. When they recovered, all of them had an extremely serious expression on their faces.

“Honing spiritual energy into an edge, before dispersing the sword light outwards. Only when a cultivator has mastered the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation technique to the extent that he can easily lift a heavy object as though lifting a feather, can this magical effect be achieved.” The strong man of the Supervision Department inhaled deeply. When he stared at Bai Xiaochun, his eyes exposed a hint of caution.

Even the supervisors were flabbergasted, not to mention Zhang Fatso One and the others.

One by one, they gazed at Bai Xiaochun, their expressions all filled with great shock. They were already aware of the fact that Bai Xiaochun had achieved the third level of Qi condensation. But the dispersing of sword light and the doubling in size of the sword body - this was the first time they saw what Bai Xiaochun was capable of.

Even Bai Xiaochun himself was shocked by the power of his wooden sword. He stared blankly at the fallen tree. Then, as he saw Xu Baocai tremble with a deathly pale face, he abruptly threw his head back and laughed out loud towards the sky.

“Xu Baocai! So you’re actually this weak! Take this!” Bai Xiaochun yelled in excitement. When he realised that he was much more powerful than Xu Baocai, his energy levels surged. With a wild laugh, he rushed straight at Xu Baocai.

Xu Baocai’s body trembled under Bai Xiaochun’s gaze. Seeing Bai Xiaochun cackle while darting towards him, Xu Baocai was instantly terrified. He rolled and crawled on the ground, scrambling to get away.

However, he had only taken a few steps before Bai Xiaochun had caught up to him. Looking at Xu Baocai, Bai Xiaochun recalled the scenes where he was being chased and attacked. At this moment, all of the efforts he had made to improve himself during these few months flashed in his mind; all of these bitter experiences had now turned into power. He raised his foot high and threw a heavy kick towards Xu Baocai.

“I'll show you the consequences of trying to kill me!” Bai Xiaochun clenched his right hand into a fist as he punched Xu Baocai’s eye with all his strength. Xu Baocai howled in pain as he fell to the ground. He tried to fight back, but he was only at the second level of Qi Condensation. In the face of Bai Xiaochun’s power, he had no means to defend himself at all.

“Now that you’ve pissed me off, I’ll let you know that this young master is not a pushover!!” Bai Xiaochun leapt into the air then fiercely stompedon Xu Baocai’s body. He gnashed his teeth as he kicked and punched Xu Baocai ceaselessly, eliciting continuous agonised wails.

The loud thuds spread in all directions. Whether it were the sturdy men from the Administrative Department or Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties, everyone was now completely stunned. They stared at the violently beaten Xu Baocai and then at Bai Xiaochun who had become more and more excited with every blow and trembled deep inside their hearts.

Xu Baocai’s tears were already gushing out. The feeling that he had been wronged had already reached its peak . He couldn’t believe that Bai Xiaochun had become this powerful within just a couple of months. Especially his godly ability wield something heavy as though it was light, that was not something a cultivator could easily achieve without practicing for years.

In his eyes, Bai Xiaochun had clearly come from an impressive background and was this powerful right from the start. But because his personality was contemptible and shameless, he had put on a facade of weakness. What was even worse was that his acting had been so real, even Xu Baocai himself had bought it.

As he thought this, grief flowed from his heart and anger rushed to his head, causing him to pass out

Seeing Xu Baocai pass out, Bai Xiaochun patted his clothes clean. He stood over Xu Baocai, and raised his right hand. His wooden sword instantly flew into his hands. He then put the wooden sword back into the cuff of his sleeve and made a calm and bored face, trying very hard to hide the excitement in his eyes.

The strong man from the Administrative Department took a deep glance at Bai Xiaochun, with an embarrassed expression on his face, then cupped his own hands together towards Bai Xiaochun.

“Brother Bai, you have hidden your real power so well. We admire you, we truly do,” The man said blandly. He then turned around, took his people, carried Xu Baocai who had fainted, and left without any hesitation.

After they had left, Zhang Fatso One and the others gathered around Bai Xiaochun, and looked at him with smiles on their faces. After all, the Administrative Department’s people were outsiders to them, and they had witnessed all of the effort that Bai Xiaochun had put in during this small half a year. After this fight, all of them were now admiring Bao Xiaochun for his determination.

“Not bad kid! You definitely didn’t put in all that effort in vain during those six months!” Zhang Fatso One said while slapping Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder.

“Of course! When I put my heart into something, even I am scared of my own prowess!” Bai Xiaochun said as he raised his head proudly like a cocky young rooster. His proud expression made Zhang Fatso One and the others burst into laughter once again.

ED note: Wield something heavy as though it was light is exactly the same as in CD. It actually refers to how something heavy can move swiftly and agilely despite its bulk and weight.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9 - Life-prolonging Pill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 9: Life-prolonging Pill

Time passed by swiftly, like a white pony's shadow flashing across a crevice. A month passed, the cold winds slowly started to blow across the Spirit River Sect through the Tong Tian River, and the autumn leaves began to fall from their trees, Bai Xiaochun suddenly realized that he had been living in the Spirit River Sect for a year.

He had been through so much during this year. He had gone from just being an ordinary person to a cultivator, and had even reached the third level of Qi Condensation. He had also ended the series of conflicts that had started because of his new position at the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

Xu Baocai never showed up in front of the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s main gate again. When Bai Xiaochun went downhill to purchase daily supplies for the Burning Stoves Kitchen, he once glanced at Xu Baocai from afar. After noticing him, Xu Baocai hurriedly fled away from the area. It seemed that Xu Baocai was completely frightened of Bai Xiaochun.

Nevertheless, Bai Xiaochun often pulled a long face during the past month. He silently sighed in his head, but didn’t talk to Zhang Fatso One and the others. He constantly felt helpless.

“A year of my life…” Bai Xiaochun murmured while gazing at the tree not far away from him. The tree’s leaves had already turned yellow, falling to the ground as the wind blew.

“I am just like this tree and those falling leaves are that year of my life…” Bai Xiaochun instantly fell into depression while thinking of this.

During the past month, he had tried everything to replenish and nourish his body. However, the strand of white hair near his forehead still hadn’t turned black. He had also consulted with Zhang Fatso One and the others about this in an indirect manner, and learned that in the world of cultivators, life replenishing methods did indeed exist. But they either had certain limitations or they were as rare as phoenix feathers and Qilin horns.

Gradually, he became more and more anxious. He started to gain a habit of either skipping meals or binge eating. As a result, his face started to become sickly and pale. However, just when he was about to give up and accept the fact that he had lost a year of his life, he stumbled upon something. It was a normal afternoon. He was going downhill again to purchase daily supplies when he suddenly stopped walking, stood under the third mountain peak, and stared at the gigantic monument that had been standing under the peak. He gradually started to feel breathless.

At the Southern Bank of the Spirit River Sect, every peak had a monument standing under it. These monuments were covered with lines of characters which were flashing brightly. From time to time, these characters flowed on the monuments’ surfaces like water streams, then got replaced by other lines of characters.

This was the spot where the Spirit River Sect’s cultivators accepted missions from the sect. All of Spirit River Sect’s disciples needed to complete missions given by the sect, in order to gain spirit stones and contribution points for their cultivation.

Contribution points were especially important. Whether it was for viewing the sect’s manuals, access to Daoist magic, normal housing or usage of those special cultivating grounds, almost every single activity in the sect would require contribution points. In some ways, contribution points were even more precious than spirit stones.

Currently, quite a lot of outer disciples were standing near the mission-monument under the third peak, their eyes fixed on the monument. Occasionally, some of them would choose missions from the monument before immediately walking up to a middle-aged cultivator who had been sitting under it with his legs crossed. They would then politely talk to him in low voices.

Some handymen were also standing in the crowd beside the monument. Compared to those outer disciples who were wearing cyan cloaks that had patterns of clouds and water streams, the lower status of these handymen could clearly be seen from their clothes.

Amongst all of the missions that were given by the Spirit River Sect, only certain missions that were required to be assigned to Main Sect disciples would not show in these monuments. As for other missions, both outer disciples and handymen could freely choose.

Some handymen, who had been striving vigorously to improve themselves, saw the mission-monument as the first step for them to gain a higher status.

Bai Xiaochun had been standing there for about twenty minutes, staring at a line of flashing characters in the middle of the mission-monuments. His facial expression was constantly changing. Hesitation could be seen in his eyes.

“Life-prolonging pill…never thought that this kind of medicine exists in the sect. Judging by the name of it, this kind of medicine seems to be able to extend one’s lifespan…” Bai Xiaochun murmured. He muttered to himself and pondered for quite a while, before he finally decided to finally walk up to the middle-aged cultivator beside the monument.

This cultivator was currently surrounded by quite a number of outer disciples, all of whom chose to disregard Bai Xiaochun when they had noticed his advent. Due to the difference in status between them and Bai Xiaochun, they did not even want to throw him a glance.

When the number of people surrounding the middle-aged cultivator had been reduced, Bai Xiaochun walked forward, cupped his hands, pulled on an adorable and innocent mask, then saluted the man.

“Good afternoon, Senior Brother.”

The middle-aged cultivator raised his head, took a look at Bai Xiaochun, then slightly nodded but didn’t say anything.

“Senior Brother, there is a mission that asks to search for a few herbal medicines, and the mission-taker can turn it in for a life-prolonging pill. Can this pill truly enhance one’s lifespan?” Bai Xiaochun asked in a hurry. After all, this was related to his life.

“Life-prolonging pill…hmm, there is indeed such a mission, and this pill is indeed able to prolong life for one year. However, the use of this kind of pill has quite a lot of limitations. It is only effective on cultivators under fifth-level of Qi Condensation; and it will only work once, after that, taking anymore won’t have any effect. Although it’s precious, it can only prolong your life for one year so it’s not that useful.” The middle-aged cultivator saw that Bai Xiaochun seemed like a good kid, so he kindly told him what he knew.

“Usually, this kind of pill is only used by Main Sect disciples to pull their elder family members back from the brink of death, quite expensive though. Are you going to take this mission?”

Bai Xiaochun raised his head and took a glance at the monument, then he nodded to the man.

The middle-aged cultivator raised his right arm and pointed his finger at the monument. Following this movement, the lines of characters for this mission instantly stopped flashing, turning grey in the process. At the same time, a jade slip appeared in his hand. He then threw the jade slip to Bai Xiaochun.

“Cyan-spirit leaves, earth-dragon fruits, stone-worms’ sloughs, these three medicinal materials can be traded for one life-prolonging pill.” The middle-aged cultivator said blandly. He then turned to the other outer disciples and started introducing missions to them, never speaking to Bai Xiaochun again.

Bai Xiaochun held the jade slip in his hand and left. His head was filled with the words: life prolonging pill. Slowly, his eyes began to show determination.

“I must find all these medicinal materials and trade them for that pill, in order to recover my lost year of life.”

With extreme determination, Bai Xiaochun directly went to the Four Seas House, looked around in some databases that were allowed for handymen use. Eventually, he found the information he was looking for. The cyan-spirit leaf was a herbal medicine that could only be found in the habitats of migratory spirit birds. This kind of bird lived in flocks, and a single one of them had the same amount of Qi as a cultivator in the second-level of Qi Condensation. It was not easy to catch this kind of bird, so their prices had always been high.

As for the earth-dragon fruit and stone-worms’ slough, the Four Seas House didn’t seem to have any records on them. Bai Xiaochun touched his own pocket, then left with a bitter smile. He asked Fatso One and the others about these two kinds of medicinal materials after he got back to the Burning Stoves Kitchen; it turned out that none of them had heard of the earth-dragon fruit, but Black Fatso Three knew about the stone-worms’ slough. The stone-worms’ slough was actually obtained when a type of spirit worm called the ‘stone worm’ shed its skin.

It was said that the stone-worms’ slough was incomparably hard, strangely heavy and very rare at the south bank. At the north bank, because most of the Daoist magic that north bank cultivators practiced were in the animal-control category, some of them were able to produce the stone-worms’ slough. However, although both the south and north banks belong to the Spirit River Sect, they were separated by the main peak. Unless he became one of those Main Sect disciples, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t possibly get the qualifications to walk onto the main peak and travel between the south and north banks.

“What did you ask about these medicine materials for? You can’t eat them anyway. And, the prices in the lower south bank market are incredibly high.” Zhang Fatso One said in a surprised tone while patting his belly .

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly shone when he heard the word ‘market’. He briefly explained to Fatso One, before he darted out, running towards the base of the hill. He had been working in the Burning Stoves Kitchen for a year. Although during this year, he had only gone out of the sect’s front gate a few times, he knew that there was a market located right outside the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

Stalls in the market were mostly opened by the families of Main Sect Disciples, and offered special services for Sect Disciples. Some of them were even directly owned by Main Sect Disciples. Year after year, the scale of the market had been expanding.

Normally, when Bai Xiaochun needed to purchase daily supplies for the Burning Stoves Kitchen, he would come here.

Bai Xiaochun started looking around the area, especially those herbal medicine shops. However, after he got back to the Burning Stoves Kitchen, his eyebrows were furrowed and he couldn’t stop sighing in his head.

“So unfair. Especially the earth-dragon fruit. It’s nothing but the fruit of a plant that grows underground, how can it be that expensive?!” Bai Xiaochun complained in his heart.

He helplessly realised that with what he currently had, he could never get that life-prolonging pill.

He did not care about money. Compared to his life, he didn’t even care about how much money he had to spend. The problem was that he didn’t have that much money on him. Apart from himself, he only knew the few brothers he had been working with well enough to borrow money. Sadly, even though those few were very knowledgeable, their pockets were as empty as his; none of them could be richer than him.

As for the spirit food in the Burning Stoves Kitchen, while they could sneakily eat and no one would notice, if he ever tried to sell them, the horribly strict supervisors of the Administrative Department couldn’t possibly let him off.

Bai Xiaochun had been thinking over and over again, but couldn’t come up with a good money-making method except to sell his Spirit refinement materials. However, he felt uncomfortable doing so. He had been thinking very hard for a couple of days. One day, when he was sitting in his room with his legs crossed, in the middle of cultivation, he suddenly heard a the sound of a bell, which resounded across the entire sect.

This ring wasn’t loud at all and had disappeared quickly. Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes calmly. He wasn’t surprised when he heard the bell ring. Actually, ever since he came to the Spirit River Sect, he could hear this sound every single month. Long ago, he had learned from Zhang Fatso One that it meant that today was the day the mountain peak’s entrance tests opened to handymen. Today is when handymen will have the opportunity to become outer disciples.

If one wanted to go from a handyman to an outer sect disciple, he or she must first possess the third-level Qi Condensation. Secondly, he or she must choose the entrance test of the peak they wished to join. Although the test was only to walk up a set of stairs that stretched to the mountaintop, it was enchanted with some kind of magical power, and could make people have an extremely hard time even taking a single step forward. If one could walk up to the mountain top through the stairs, that person would gain the opportunity to become an outer disciple.

However, the positions in the outer sect were limited; therefore, each peak would only allow the first three handymen who passed the test by climbing the stairs to join their peak in the outer sect. This was to select the best of the best. The Spirit River Sect had a lot of handymen; the number of handymen in the South Bank alone was over ten thousand. Therefore, the competition in every single test was intense.

People in the Burning Stoves Kitchen had always held the same attitude towards this kind of tests; they would rather starve or burn to death than compete with all the other handymen. So, every month when the test began, they were always scornfully watching from the sides.

Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes again before suddenly re-opening them. A strange expression flashed across his pupils for a short moment, before being replaced by surprise. He had gradually developed an idea in his mind. He stood up, walked around the room, and carefully considered every angle of this idea. Soon after, his face was filled with happiness.

“This will work!” He pushed open the door and called Zhang Fatso One and the others, who had been discussing which unlucky handyman would become an outer disciple this time, and gathered them into a corner.

“Brothers, I have came up with a great money-making method! Please help me, and we will share the wealth together!” Bai Xiaochun excitedly said after licking his own lips. He was staring at Zhang Fatso One and the others with a pair of shining eyes.

This wasn’t the first time that Zhang Fatso One and the others saw him like this. Earlier, when Bai Xiaochun suggested that they thicken the bottom of the bowls, which greatly benefited the Burning Stoves Kitchen, he looked exactly like this. Therefore, Zhang Fatso One and the others instantly showed interest in Bai Xiaochun’s idea.

“Bai Fatso Nine, what idea do you have? To be honest, all of us are poor as well. It’s all because of that damn Administrative Department! Otherwise, if we could sell a little bit of our stuff, we would be so rich!” Zhang Fatso One said as he patted Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder. His eyes were shining with anticipation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10 - Brother, Wait Up!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 10: Brother, Wait Up!

Bai Xiaochun noticed his fellow fatsos staring at him. Their small eyes were shining like spirit stones; especially Zhang Fatso One, whose eyes seemed like they would even spurt out flames. Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly, feeling a bit proud.

“Brother, you see, every month, the three mountain peaks of our Spirit River Sect would have an outer sect Promotional Examinationt, allowing handymen like us an opportunity to become outer disciples, right?” Bai Xiaochun said as he raised his adorable face. No matter how you looked at him, Bai Xiaochun seemed like an “incomparably cute and nice kid”.

“However, the sects will only select the best of the best. Therefore, no matter how many people take the monthly test, each peak will only select the top three, right?” Bai Xiaochun said after licking his lips as his eyes began to shine brightly. After Bai Xiaochun spoke, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three seemed to have understood what he was thinking. Apart from them, none of the others had any idea about what Bai Xiaochun was trying to say.

“You mean…” Zhang Fatso One said while staring at Bai Xiaochun. Gradually, his eyes began to shine brightly.

“With our level of cultivation, we could easily claim all three positions at each peak…” Bai Xiaochun glanced at the few Brothers who had been standing beside him as he continued speaking. Every single one of them had reached the third level of Qi Condensation, especially Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three, who had already reached the peak of the third level. If they hadn’t been intentionally suppressing their cultivation all this time, so they could keep a low profile and remain in the Burning Stoves Kitchen, they would have long since broken through to the next level.

“So, if we join all three tests, we could get to the mountaintop ahead of the others, monopolize the first three places, and then… sell those positions to other test-takers!” Bai Xiaochun said while staring at Fatso One and the others.

Zhang Fatso One’s body trembled when he heard Bai Xiaochun.

“Too damn immoral…” He inhaled deeply, then fiercely slapped his thigh. His pupils shined with a dazzling radiance that had never been seen before. This plan was not complicated, on the contrary it was simple! One just had to change their line of thought and they could easily think of it!

Zhang Fatso One felt enlightened by Bai Xiaochun’s words, his head was filled with wisdom, as if a brand new gate had been opened in front of him. He couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

“This method is extremely immoral, haha!” Black Fatso Three yelled, fiercely stomping his foot on the ground. Either due to of bashfulness or excitement, his face was blushing red.

The other fatsos had now realised what Bai Xiaochun meant. They started breathing rapidly and could feel their blood boiling. When they looked at Bai Xiaochun, their eyes were filled with admiration.

“This will work, let’s do it!”

“Fxxk their grandmothers! Those bastards from the Administrative Office screwed us over for so many years that we’re poor to the point of dying! Now that 9th Brother is here, let’s get our revenge!”

Everyone immediately became excited and began discussing details about the plan until they all felt that the plan was perfect. When they had ironed out all the details for the next month, Zhang Fatso One happily patted his belly and yelled out.

“Tonight, we’ll eat even more!”

Cheerful and boisterous sounds came from the Burning Stoves Kitchen. The following month, all nine fatsos were extremely motivated and worked very hard to ensure the success of their plan. They were even cultivating! All that was left was to wait for the day to arrive.

Finally, the day had come.

It was early in the morning and the sun was shining brightly. Under the three peaks of the Spirit River Sect, an unprecedented scene was taking place - at the entrance of each test, three humongous black pots could be clearly seen from afar.

Upon closer inspection, a fatso could be seen under each pot, with his head held high, giving off an extraordinarily mighty vibe.

These were the nine people from the Burning Stoves Kitchen. They were the first batch of handymen to arrive at the entrance to the tests of each three mountain peaks. According to their previous arrangements, they had evenly separated into three groups. Each group consisted of three people, and would take on a single trial.

At this moment, a large number of handymen were arriving at the location from all directions, each of them hopeful and tense. Some of them had failed many times already, while others were first timers, their faces displaying both anxiety and anticipation. They were hoping that they could have a sudden rise to prominence here, going from handymen to outer sect disciples.

As they moved closer to the entrance gates of each peak, all of them saw the fatsos from the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

“Burning Stoves Kitchen? Why are they here?”

“I’ve been a handyman for nine years and have taken this test no less than thirty times, but this is the first time I’ve seen people from Burning Stoves Kitchen here…”

As these handymen arrived and noticed the appearance of the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people, they contacted their friends and found out that the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s fatsos had shown up under all of the three mountain peaks; after which, all of them immediately went berserk.

“Something big is going on! The Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people intend to become outer sect disciples, how is this even possible…?”

Facing the shocked faces of the other handymen and hearing their discussions, Bai Xiaochun, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three, calmly stood under the third mountain peak, completely disregarding all of the discussion about them. It was as if their minds were one with the universe.

They focused on the entrance of each path. In their eyes, this was not a trial at all, this was a road that had been paved with shining spirit stones.

Bai Xiaochun’s expression was especially serious, his eyes fixated on the entrance.

Soon, a person gracefully floated down from each of the three mountain peaks. The one who had descended from the mountain peak that Bai Xiaochun chose was a middle-aged man, who exuded an atmosphere similar to that of an Immortal. The moment he arrived at the trial, he saw the body of Zhang Fatso One, who looked like a mountain of meat.

As his gaze scanned past Bai Xiaochun and the fatsos, this man who was the elder in-charge of the entrance test, immediately felt surprised.

“Did the sun rise from the west today? Usually, the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people would rather die than become outer sect disciples. Why have they come today?”

He couldn’t help but give them a few more glances before his gaze revealed an encouraging look. Then, with a wave of his sleeves, he began talking in a resonant voice.

“The outer sect Promotional Examinations, begin!” After he spoke, a gong rang out, its sound echoing throughout the entire sect. At the same time, a beam of light flashed across the entrance of the path, swiftly opening the gates.

The instant the entrance opened, Zhang Fatso One, who was wearing a look of determination on his face, breathed deeply, and took off like a gust of wind, running up the mountain like he was being chased by a horde of furious wild beasts.

Starting right after Zhang Fatso One, Black Fatso Three’s eyes shone with a fierce light. He ran like as though trying to snatch away his position in the trials, was akin to someone trying to take his life.

The third one to start running was Bai Xiaochun. He ran even faster, leaping high into the air like a rabbit as he darted outwards. His head was filled with thoughts about the Life-prolonging Pill. As soon as the other participants noticed they were gone, all three of them were already on the stairs, going forward as fast as they possibly could.

At this time, other handymen finally realised what happened. Their facial expressions changed and all of them rushed towards the pathway one after another while gritting their teeth. They tried their best to catch up.

This wasn't the only mountain peak with such an occurrence, the other mountain peaks were exactly the same. Running right at the front were the fatsos from the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

Under the third peak, which was named Scented Cloud Peak, on the trial path, Bai Xiaochun and the others were running like the wind. They were very far ahead of the competition. However, they gradually slowed down as the pressure being emitted by the path increased. They felt like their bodies were being crushed under heavy weights.

Bai Xiaochun looked back, and saw that there were seven or eight people right behind him. He started to feel worried, as if his Life-Prolonging pill was going to be taken away from him.

”Snatching my Life-prolonging Pill is the same as taking my life!” He held his breath as his face became redder and redder. All of his Qi rapidly burst out of his body, more than doubling his speed and propelling him forward like a boar that had its tail stepped on. This allowed him to overtake both Black Fatso Three and Zhang Fatso One.

At the same time, Black Fatso Three also let out a great roar and with an unknown method, his speed instantly skyrocketed, allowing him to overtake Zhang Fatso One and catch up to Bai Xiaochun. Seeing Bai Xiaochun and Black Fatso Three about to disappear from his sight, Zhang Fatso One started to worry.

He took a deep breath. Then his fat, meaty body quickly and visibly shrunk, as if he had suddenly burned out his body fat. Simultaneously, his speed suddenly shot up as well. Soon, he had caught up with Black Fatso Three and Bai Xiaochun. The three of them then sped up once again together, only leaving puffs of dirt behind them.

The other handymen who had been running behind them were all shocked by their performances. Soon, their faces began to reveal expressions of hopelessness. They couldn’t accept this. They had done their best but no matter how hard they tried, they couldn’t catch up to Bai Xiaochun and the other two fatsos. Some of them with bad tempers had even started cursing.

“Those bastards should die! They must be on aphrodisiacs! Otherwise they couldn’t possibly run this fast!”

After the time it took to burn a stick of incense passed, Bai Xiaochun who had been running in the first place arrived at the mountaintop. He saw two outer sect disciples standing at the end of the path, waiting to admit the first three handymen.

“Congratulations Bro-…” Seeing Bai Xiaochun arrive, the two outer sect disciples standing at the end of the path smiled slightly at him. They only had time to speak two words before their eyes widened because of what happened next.

They saw Bai Xiaochun suddenly pause, take another few steps forwards, then abruptly stop again. He was only one step away from the the end of the stairs, where the exit of the path was located.

He looked at the two outer sect disciples standing in front of him, and the two outer sect disciples stared back at him. Bai Xiaochun let out a cute smile, then turned his body around.

“Stop!” Bai Xiaochun shouted as he turned around and raised his arms. Followed by his voice, Black Fatso Three and Zhang Fatso One who had been out of breath and closely following behind him suddenly stopped. All three of them stood right in front of the exit of the path, quickly gasping for air, looking at each other, and suddenly bursting into joyous laughter.

The two outer sect disciple who were standing beside them near the exit of the path glanced at each other, seemingly unable to understand what was wrong with them. They started to wonder if the brains of these three handymen were damaged. They had already come this far, but they just stopped right in front of the exit, instead of finishing the test.

“Three junior Brothers, you are the first three to arrive, you can now come over. As long as you walk past this path, the three of you will gain positions of outer sect disciples for completing this test.” One of the outer sect disciples kindly said.

“Outer sect disciples? Who would want to be outer sect disciples?!” Zhang Fatso One said while waving his hand carelessly before sitting down on the ground along with Black Fatso Three. The two of them looked like two meat-hills, completely blocking the exit of the path.

Bai Xiaochun sat down in front of the two of them, raised his chin with a face filled with proudness, while expecting other handymen to come.

“What? You don’t want to become outer sect disciples? Then what are you doing here? What’s wrong with you?!” The two outer sect disciples were annoyed.

Bai Xiaochun and his companions turned deaf ears to the two outer sect disciples’ words, all of them focusing their small eyes on the path.

In the time it took to burn another incense stick, they finally saw another handyman who had a face that was as long as a horse’s. That handyman was panting like a buffalo, slowly approaching through the stairs that were located far away from the exit. The horse-faced handyman sighed when he saw Bai Xiaochun and the other two, his eyes showing hints of frustration. This was the ninth test that he had taken, and the closest he had been to passing. However, he had encountered the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

When this handyman, whose face was filled with both frustration and anger, was about to turn around and give up, Bai Xiaochun hurriedly stood up and started yelling.

“Brother, wait up! Come here, come here! Thinking about it, I can’t bear to leave the Burning Stoves Kitchen. Therefore, I just decided that I’m not going to become an outer sect disciple, so, this position…”

The horse-faced handyman was dumbfounded for a very short while, then his eyes instantly shone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11 - Hou Xiaomei
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He was saved! This was the first thought that popped up in the horse-faced handyman’s head when he heard Bai Xiaochun’s words. However, he hesitated when he saw the two meat-hills standing behind Bai Xiaochun with malicious grins on their faces.

“You…”

Bai Xiaochun’s cute and tender face was now filled with a bright smile. He seemed like a person who wouldn’t even hurt a fly. He took a few steps forward, patted the horse-faced handyman’s shoulder, grinned and said.

“Congratulations, Brother! You’re about to become an outer sect disciple. Just like a fish leaping through the dragon’s gate, you will soar from here, making rapid improvements. Your future is absolutely limitless! However, your junior Brother here spent so much effort to come this far, do you mind giving me a little reward for my efforts?”

The handyman’s horse-like face immediately darkened. If he had not understood Bai Xiaochun’s meaning by now, his decades of life experience would have been in vain. He glanced at Bai Xiaochun then looked at Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three, his facial expression constantly changing. He was quickly measuring the gains and losses, considering whether or not Bai Xiachun’s offer was worth it.

Soon, the horse-faced handyman gnashed his teeth. Indeed, he was unwilling to give up this opportunity, not because he had to wait for another month, but because he didn’t know if he could make it next month. Who knows? Next time he might encounter competitors better than him again. Not to mention that the three standing in front of him would probably take the next test too.

Most importantly, he longed to become one of the outer sect disciples, and the best opportunity was now right in front of him. He abruptly stomped his feet against the ground.

“How much do you want?!” said the horse-faced handyman while gnashing his teeth.

“Not much, not much. It’s just that I spent many months preparing for this test, so I’ll just take twenty spirt stones.” Bai Xiaochun was enraptured, he hurriedly gave an exorbitant price. The horse-faced handyman’s heart instantly quivered when he heard this price. Waving his hand, he was preparing to say no, but before he could open his mouth, Bai Xiaochun began to speak once more.

“I wasn’t being greedy, look at the three of us, you can’t just compensate only me. My Big Brother and Third Brother starved themselves for the sake of this test!”

Regarding this, Bai Xiaochun didn’t lie. By rushing all the way up to the mountain top, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three had indeed lost quite a bit of weight in order to raise their speeds.

The horse-faced handyman took a glance at the two fatsos, and started cursing in his heart. He then negotiated with Bai Xiaochun for awhile before they finally settled on the price of sixteen spirit stones. Bearing great heartache, the horse-faced handyman threw a small bag to Bai Xiaochun, his face filled with unwillingness.

“Are you satisfied now?” said the horse-faced handyman with a hoarse voice.

“We’re good. Dear Brother, please wait by the side. We will open the exit after the other two lucky handymen show up.” Bai Xiaochun said happily as he threw the small bag that contained spirit stones to Zhang Fatso One.

When he heard that they would wait for another two handymen to come, the horse-faced handyman’s face screamed schadenfreude. His facial expression was complicated, like he was hoping that others would feel as bad as he did.

Meanwhile, when the two outer sect disciples standing beside the exit saw what had happened in front of them, their eyes widened in disbelief.

“What…what are you doing?! How dare you sell the outer sect disciple positions!” The two outer sect disciples instantly yelled out in harsh and deep voices.

“Why are you yelling? We have climbed up here and are too tired to continue, so we decided to let others go ahead of us. What’s wrong with that? And since we have worked so hard, our dear Brother rewarded us for all of our efforts. Again, what’s wrong with that?” said Zhang Fatso One. He was happily counting the spirit stones when he became offended by the two disciples’ words. He turned his head and threw them a vicious glare.

His words rendered the two outer sect disciples speechless. They didn’t know how to refute him.

At the same time, seven to eight handymen were struggling to move forward through the stairs of the exam path, their heavy gasping was akin to rolling thunder. At the front of the group was a half-naked sturdy-looking man ariound thirty years old, walking towards the mountaintop step by step.

Seeing him come, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly shone, and he hurriedly walked up to the man.

“This Brother here, you’re a bit late. But my Brother abruptly decided to give up on becoming an outer sect disciple, do you want his place?”

The sturdy man paused for a second. After hearing Bai Xiaochun’s words, and seeing all the people on the mountaintop, he instantly realised what was happening around here. He gave out a scorn-filled snort.

“How dare you little bastards to blackmail an old-timer?! Screw off!” growled the sturdy man. He suddenly waved his right arm in the air, releasing spirit pressure indicative of the peak of third-level Qi Condensation.

Bai Xiaochun yelped as he stepped back.

“Big Brother!”

Almost as soon as Bai Xiaochun let out those two words, a huge meat-hill came crashing from the heavens.

The sturdy man’s face instantly turned purple. He looked up in shock. Accompanied by a roaring sound, a huge meat-hill heavily crashed onto his body.

From beneath Zhang Fatso One’s body, the sturdy man screamed. Zhang Fatso One straight up sat on top of the poor man’s body. After struggling for a while, the man failed to extricate himself from underneath Zhang Fatso One’s body. If his constitution wasn’t so strong and robust, he would have long since run out of air and fainted.

When the seven to eight handymen who were following closely behind the sturdy man saw what happened to him, all of them were stunned and began to feel fear creeping in their hearts.

The two outer sect disciples beside the exit were standing there blanky, staring at the poor sturdy man whose body was nearly bent out of shape and crushed by Zhang Fatso One’s weight. They couldn’t help but feel sympathy in their hearts.

“Big Brother, we have an audience.” Bai Xiaochun, who stood beside Zhang Fatso One, said in a low voice as an idea popped into his mind.

Zhang Fatso One had been working together with Bai Xiaochun for a whole year so he instantly got Bai Xiaochun’s point. He immediately glared at the man, then raised his huge, hammer-like fists and began throwing punches at the sturdy man under his body, creating thunderous booms.

“Trying to freeload off this fat master? You have guts!” yelled Zhang Fatso One while throwing another heavy punch down at the man.

“We Brothers have spent so much effort getting up here since we were planing to become outer sect disciples. But now that we have given up, and kindly offered the place to you, is it too much for you to give us some compensation?!

“Fxxk your grandmother! How dare you refuse our kindness?!” While yelling, Zhang Fatso One didn’t just punch that man, but also lifted up his body and dropped it onto the man again. Letting out another series of screams, the sturdy man was nearly squished to death. When he saw Zhang Fatso One stand up again, his face instantly showed pure terror. He immediately thrust out an arm holding a small bag with all his remaining strength, while shouting.

“I’ll compensate you!”

Zhang Fatso One paused, then hurriedly stood up before helping the sturdy man to his feet. He grabbed the small bag from the man’s hand and peered into it. His face was instantly filled with happiness. He then faced the man, grinning from ear-to-ear, and gently patted the dirt off the sturdy man’s clothes.

“Haha, good Brother. Why didn’t you just do so earlier? Come, come, come, wait over there, just one more handyman, then we’ll open the way.”

The sturdy man‘s heart was now filled with endless grievance, but he did not dare complain. He could only carry a sour face and go stand beside the horse-faced handyman. Unlike him, the horse-faced handyman seemed to feel a lot better after seeing what happened to the sturdy man. He felt that he had been very wise earlier.

“Big Brother, you’re too damn good!” said Bai Xiaochun while laughing. He was so happy that his face looked looked like a blooming flower; he felt even happier when he saw that all of those handymen who had followed behind the sturdy man were now stunned, and staring at Zhang Fatso One in great fright.

Zhang Fatso One proudly and slowly walked back to the front of the exit before he sat down, blocking the exit once again.

The two outer sect disciples standing outside the exit speechlessly looked at each other. They thought that these three people were out of line before, for blackmailing the other test-taker, but now, they felt that what they did before was actually pretty nice.

“They…they…How could they rob other test-takers?!”

“That’s daylight robbery!” yelled the two of them in anger. Deep down in their hearts, they felt more jealousy than anger as they blamed themselves for not thinking of this brilliant idea.

Contrary to the two of them who were having all kinds of complicated feelings, were the seven to eight handymen who came right after the sturdy man. They saw what happened to the sturdy man from beginning to end which had left them all stunned. However, a different kind of glow had gradually appeared on their faces.

Most of them were unlikely to have ever become outer sect disciples. However, what was happening now seemed to…offer them an opportunity…....

“Brothers, now we only have one place left. So how about this, whoever can offer the highest price will get this place!” Bai Xiaochun was a cunning kid. When he saw the expressions of the surrounding handymen, he immediately said so. His voice was shrill, and echoed throughout the surrounding area, triggering the excitement of those handymen. The sound of their heavy breathing instantly grew louder.

The glow that had appeared on the few handymen’ faces immediately grew brighter and brighter. Their hearts beat faster and faster, as the thought of joining the outer sect filled their minds.

“Ten spirit stones!”

“Eleven!”

“This place is mine! I offer fifteen!”

Within a short while, the shouts of bidding filled the air, as one faded and another rose. Bai Xiaochun and the other two fatsos were thrilled by these bids.

However, these bids that went into the two outer sect disciples’ ears were equivalent to oil poured onto a fire. They could tolerate the blackmailing, even the robbery, but right now, those three were actually running an auction here. Their minds churned chaotically, just like a stormy sea. They felt that this was ridiculous and unfair. They had finally realised that the most hideous one amongst the three of them was not Zhang Fatso One but the seemingly nice and innocent Bai Xiaochun!

“Too immoral! Too shameless!” yelled one of the two outer sect disciples while gnashing his teeth. Be it because of rage or jealousy, his eyes turned red. He turned around in flurry, intending to inform the sect about this.

The bidding had been going on for quite a while. However, Bai Xiaochun was dissatisfied with the current bids and yelled out again.

“My Brothers, please hurry! Don’t waste too much time, or others will catch up. To the other handymen in our department, this is a great opportunity that they would even trade their lives for!”

Once he let out these words, a girl’s excited voice suddenly came from the test-path behind the crowd.

“I, Hou Xiaomei, offer you thirty spirit stones! I come from a cultivator’s family. The last thing we lack is spirit stones! Don’t you dare bid against me!”

The owner of this voice was a young girl who had white, tender skin, and a slim body, looking pure and innocent. She was currently climbing the stairs while heavily panting.

Zhang Fatso One seemed dumbstruck when he saw this pretty young girl. He attempted to say something, but soon choked his words back. However, he could not resist taking a glance at Bai Xiaochun.

Following Hou Xiaomei’s bid, the others who had been bidding up against each other immediately started raising their bids. At the end, Hou Xiaomei, who claimed that she came from a cultivator’s family had offered a price so high that made the horse-faced handyman and the sturdy man feel like their hearts leaped out of their chests. They immediately felt that what they gave Bai Xiaochun was at a bargain price.

Soon after, Hou Xiaomei puffed out her well-developed chest and proudly walked out from the crowd. She glanced at the handymen behind her with disdain before taking the final step, along with the horse-faced handyman and the sturdy man who introduced himself as Mr. Wolf, hence completing the exam.

Bai Xiaochun cupped his hands and deeply bowed to the three of them.

“Congratulations, my Brothers and Sister, you are the fishes who have leap the dragon’s gate. You will all rise to greatness!”

The horse-faced handyman and the sturdy man stood on top of the mountain peak, in a trance. Although they had successfully become outer sect disciples, they were not as happy as they thought they would be. With Bai Xiaochun’s words still lingering in their ears, they glanced at each other, and let out bitter smiles.

Only Hou Xiaomei, who had bought her place with an unbelievably high price, was ecstatic at the moment. Her beautiful and delicate face was flushed.

“I never thought that I, Hou Xiaomei, would have this kind of great luck!” thought Hou Xiaomei proudly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12 - On the Wooden Fence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 12 - On the Wooden Fence

The Outer Sect Promotion Exam held for the handymen was thus over. Zhang Fatso One stared at Hou Xiaomei’s back until she disappeared in the distance towards the mountaintop. He stroked his fat chin with a meaningful look on his face.

“Hm, so white, so little, so pure…” he said as he shot a measuring glance at Bai Xiaochun beside him.

(ED Note: “So white, so little, so pure…” is a reference to MC’s name which directly translates to white, little, pure)

Also staring at Hou Xiaomei’s receding figure, Bai Xiaochun felt a mix of very complicated emotions. Especially when he heard Zhang Fatso One’s words and sensed his gaze, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but shout loudly.

“Stop looking at me!”

Seeing Bai Xiaochun’s agitation, Zhang Fatso One chortled loudly, before taking out a bag of spirit stones to change the subject.

“Come! Come! Come! See how many spirit stones we’ve got! It’s awesome. Haha, such a brilliant idea.”

“What’s the point in counting them? The number will always be the same, ”Bai Xiaochun snorted.

“Ninth Brother, you don’t understand. What we see are spirit stones but what we are actually counting are our lives.” Surprised by Zhang Fatso One’s sentimental words which contained profound insights on life, Bai Xiaochun followed him in counting the spirit stones. After a while, he felt extremely bored so he threw the bag back to Zhang Fatso One.

Right at this moment, the pathway flashed brightly. Everyone’s vision blurred. When everything became clear again, they were already at the foot of the mountain.

The middle-aged elder, who had previously opened the pathway, shook his head after looking at Bai Xiaochun and the two other fatsos oddly. Ignoring them for the moment, he decided that it was better to ask the main sect to deal with things related to the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

Bai Xiaochun and the two fatsos felt a little bit nervous at first, but nothing happened. All three of them exchanged glances, coughed, and made a beeline for the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

Zhang Fatso One counted the number of spirit stones again and again on the way back to the Burning Stoves Kitchen. All the other fatsos had already returned, each of them looking very happy and satisfied.

After receiving his own share, Bai Xiaochun casually left his Brothers and went into his straw hut. What he pursued was immortality. He wouldn’t have come up with such an idea to gain spirit stones, had it not been for the Life-Prolonging Pill. Everything he had done previously was so that he could afford the herbal medicine.

At night, no one in the Burning Stoves Kitchen slept soundly. Since all of them, especially Zhang Fatso One, had suddenly become so wealthy, they were extremely excited. Recalling their bygone days of poverty, everyone was emotional and couldn’t sleep in anticipation of the bright and beautiful future.

Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun was also sleepless throughout the night, thinking about the Life-Prolonging Pill.

The following day, Burning Stoves Kitchen’s actions traveled swiftly between the handymen on the southern bank of the Spirit River Sect. In the end, everyone found out about it.

“Have you heard? The Burning Stoves Kitchen did something big.”

“They are insane. Heavens, to do something like this! To sell the positions of outer sect disciples! That’s too much. Why didn’t I think about it?”

“I have heard earlier that everyone in the Burning Stoves Kitchen has serious backing. They all have powerful supporters in the main sect. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have such an appalling feast every day.” Everyone in the Handyman Department was gossiping about the Burning Stoves Kitchen throughout the day.

The Burning Stoves Kitchen maintained a low profile for a couple days. All of them hardly went out alone. At dusk a few days later, Bai Xiaochun was pouring rice soup into the huge bowls with thick bottoms. All of a sudden, his ears picked up the echoes of footsteps from the road outside.

“Everyone from the Burning Stoves Kitchen, come out! The Administrative Department has an order to investigate the event concerning the entrance pathway!” a cold voice suddenly called out, as the main gate of the Burning Stoves Kitchen was kicked open.

The gates burst open. Dozens of handymen in Administrative Department uniform swarmed in. The first intruder among them was the heavily-built sturdy guy who had stood up for Xu Baocai.

“I was wondering why I heard the crow caw again this morning. It turns out to be because you, Chen Fei, have come again.” Zhang Fatso One and Bai Xiaochun exchanged glances, feigning ignorance as to why Chen Fei was here. Together with the other fatties, the two of them calmly looked at those from the Administrative Department, who were approaching them aggressively.

Chen Fei sneered, but when he took a closer look at Zhang Fatso One and Bai Xiaochun, he furrowed his brows slightly. It was really strange that these people in the Burning Stoves Kitchen were so calm.

He was rather excited on the way here, thinking that he finally had the upper hand against the Burning Stoves Kitchen. He wanted to destroy the Burning Stoves Kitchen this time and put the longtime fighting between the two departments to an end once and for all.

“They are pretending to be calm.” Chen Fei sneered with slight viciousness in his eyes and threateningly opened his mouth.

“Burning Stoves Kitchen, I have a question for you. Did the nine of you take part in the Promotion Examination which is aimed at recruiting outer sect disciples a few days ago?

“Yes, we did.” Zhang Fatso One said with a smile.

“Good, as long as you admit in taking part. Take them away!” Without any more words, Chen Fei pointed at them with his right hand. More than ten handymen from the Administrative Department swiftly spread out from behind him with iron chains in hand; it seemed that they were going to bind those from the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

Looking at this scene, Bai Xiaochun said with smile.

“Your Administrative Department is really tyrannical to restrain us from being outer sect disciples! You’re really overstepping your jurisdiction!”

Looking at Bai Xiaochun, Chen Fei remembered the scene when he manipulated his sword, so he waved his hand to stop his associates. He stared at Bai Xiaochun and narrowed his eyes.

“Brother Bai, since you prevent us from taking you away, then I have to ask you another question. You, the Burning Stoves Kitchen, blocked the exit of the test and sold the entrance positions to the public, is that right? If you dared to do it, why don’t you dare to admit it?”

“Of course, we admit that we did it.” Bai Xiaochun was quite calm and nodded with an obedient expression. He pointed at Zhang Fatso One and said.

“They did it as well.”

“That’s right, we all did. So…?” Zhang Fatso One and the other fatties all admitted and laughed.

Chen Fei’s expression suddenly changed when he heard their words, he never thought that those fatsos from the Burning Stoves Kitchen would admit it so openly. He had expected that only after a long and difficult battle of wits would the fatsos finally have no choice but to concede.

He felt things were rather suspicious as a foreboding feeling surfaced in his heart. So without further ado, he bellowed in a low voice.

“Great, great, great. Since you admitted it, then there’s no need for anymore questions. Follow me to the Law Enforcement Agency. Whoever dares to resist will be expelled from the sect!”

While talking, Chen Fei leapt up and dashed towards Bai Xiaochun. His associates all sped towards him as well.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun suddenly raised his right hand. With a curt gesture, a ray of light from a sword shot outwards from his sleeve. The colorful wooden sword flew out immediately. It whooshed past the people of the Burning Stoves Kitchen and Administrative Department. The cold light of the blade frightened Chen Fei, halting his footsteps, an awful expression appeared on his face.

“Bai Xiaochun, you dare oppose us?”

“Brother Chen, your Administrative Department has the right to question us, but who gives you the right to apprehend us？”

“Hn. You have already admitted that you have broken the law of the Sect, so of course I have the right to apprehend you?”

“Could you tell me which law I have broken?” Bai Xiaochun asked him and squinted. Zhang Fatso One and the others also squinted and gazed at Chen Fei with sneers on their faces.

“You sold the positions of becoming outer sect disciples. This means that you have broken the law of…” Chen Fei suddenly stopped talking. His facial expression abruptly changed as cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

He realized in shock that there was no such law in the Sect that forbid selling the promotional placements for outer sect disciples to others… After all, it was rare for anyone to think of this method. Even if someone did, they wouldn’t dare to execute it.

“Why are you sweating, Brother Chen? Please tell us exactly which law we’ve broken. If we didn’t break the law, isn’t it Brother Chen who wants to punish us illegally by deceiving the Law Enforcement Agency? Brother Chen, you have broken the law in Volume 9 Article 11. According to the law, you must be punished severely!” Bai Xiaochun revealed an astonished expression and made a detailed analysis with an increasingly loud voice. His inner thoughts were secretly relaxed.

“Bullshit, I…” At this moment, not only had Chen Fei’s face turned white, but all the other handymen from the Administrative Department behind him had also realized the problem. Their faces paled immediately.

Meanwhile, Zhang Fatso One raised his fists and cracked his knuckles in front of his body with a menacing grin. All the other fatties walked forwards, their eyes shining with a strong killing intent.

“Chen Fei, of course your Law Enforcement Agency is in charge of violations of the law. But now you have to think about how you will compensate us for breaking the gate of our Burning Stoves Kitchen which was built by our ancestors!” Zhang Fatso One grinned wickedly. The group of fatsos gave off an overwhelming pressure.

Since they dared to attempt to block the exits of the test, they were naturally well-prepared for the consequences. They had long since studied the laws of the Sect carefully two months ago, when Bai Xiaochun gave his suggestion. This was the reason why they had brazenly done something that seemed so severe.

“Let’s fight!”

Chen Fei and his associates were frightened by Zhang Fatso One’s towering figure when they heard his words.

In the following minutes, loud ping pang sounds of fighting filled the yards. With a swagger, Bai Xiaochun moved to sit on the fence as usual. As he flourished his sleeves and placed his hands behind his back, he looked into the distance with a deep expression on his face, assuming an air of superiority, as if there was no need for him to be concerned with the fight.

“With a flick of my, Bai Xiaochun’s, fingers, the Administrative Department’s defeat is imminent…”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13 - You can come too!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 13 - You can come too!

The conflict between the Burning Stoves Kitchen and Administrative Department had been going on for years. Although there had been many conflicts, they had always managed to prevent the situation from getting too out of hand. The worst that had happened was someone getting wounded.

This fight, occuring due to the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people selling the spots to become an outer sect disciple, lasted only about twenty minutes. Suffering from Zhang Fatso One and the others’ punches and kicks, Chen Fei and the other Administrative Department’s people were badly battered. Finally, it ended with each of them giving the Burning Stoves Kitchen some spirit stones to compensate for the damage done to the front gate. After issuing numerous threats, they finally departed, feeling extremely grieved.

Before leaving, Chen Fei looked back and took a glance at Bai Xiaochun who had been standing on the fence wall and acting like he was cool. He felt his hatred intensify. Ever since Bai Xiaochun had joined the Burning Stoves Kitchen, they had become even more immoral.

This fight had caught the attention of the entire Handyman Department. When all the other handymen in the South Bank heard that even the Administrative Department could not deal with the Burning Stoves Kitchen, they became indignant. However, there were a few handymen, like Hou Xiaomei, who felt that the Burning Stoves Kitchen had been extremely astute in creating this opportunity for themselves.

Next month, when the Promotion Examination began, the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people had once again waited under the mountain peaks, in front of the entrance to the trials.

The surrounding handymen were giving them angry glares.

“My Brothers, if you can run faster than us, then you obviously don’t need to buy these spots from us. We are only doing this to raise your competitiveness, and to help the sect select the best of the best!” Zhang Fatso One coughed intentionally as he spoke to other handymen. This method was taught to him by Bai Xiaochun, but when he let these words out just now, all the other handymen gnashed their teeth.

When the bell sounded and the entrance to the test paths opened, each and every handyman as well as the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people darted forward with everything they had. Those handymen seemed as if they had been preparing to compete with the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people for a long time.

But as they watched the silhouettes of the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s fatsos vanish from their sights, all of them let out bitter smiles. They were not willing to accept the truth, but could only gnash their teeth and continue onwards.

This… was somehow exactly as Zhang Fatso One said…

After successfully selling the places of the outer sect disciples once again, the three fatsos were extremely proud and confident. This time, they had thoroughly shocked the entire Handyman Department. Countless handymen were frightened when they heard about this. But those few fatsos were gigantic and powerful, therefore, everyone could only choke with silent indignant fury.

This was never before seen in the entire Burning Stoves Kitchen’s history. Although within the Handyman Department, the Burning Stoves Kitchen was quite famous in the past, but now its reputation seemed to have reached a new high.

Another two months had passed. Every time the test paths opened, the Burning Stoves Kitchen’s people would get excited and energetically dart towards the test paths. In their eyes, every time the test paths opened, was the day that they would earn themselves another pile of spirit stones.

Bai Xiaochun was excited as well. He had accumulated more and more spirit stones, almost enough to buy those medicine materials that he needed, when another round of tests were about to begin.

This morning, Bai Xiaochun, Zhang Fatso One, Black Fatso Three and the other fatsos had woken up very early. The nine of them separated into three groups, and rushed all the way towards the test paths. Bai Xiaochun, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three directly headed to the Scented Clouds Peak.

However, when they were rushing towards the test paths, the Administrative Department’s people abruptly showed up and started to pick a fight with them for no good reason. The Administrative Department’s people had the advantage in terms of number, which allowed this fight to last for quite a while. When the bell sounded, Zhang Fatso One immediately became anxious, and his eyes turned red.

Right at this moment, all of the Administrative Department’s people turned around and fled. Zhang Fatso One stomped his feet against the ground in anger. However, he didn’t have enough time to chase them. Zhang Fatso One, Black Fatso Three and Bai Xiaochun darted towards the test-path of the Scented Clouds Peak in a big hurry. Finally, upon arriving , they discovered that only a few people were still standing outside the entrance. Therefore, they rushed onto the path as fast as they could.

“Those Administrative Department’s bastards! Later when I go back down, I’ll call all of our Burning Stoves Kitchen’s Bothers and tear the entire Administrative Department apart!” cursed Zhang Fatso One while heavily gasping. While he was cursing in rage, he went all out; the fat in his body seemed to have started burning, and he continuously shrunk smaller and smaller; along with which, his became faster and faster.

Bai Xiaochun was angry as well. With just a few more, he could acquire enough spirit stones to buy the medicinal materials for his mission. He gnashed his teeth hard and doubled his speed; which was already quite fast. All three of them ran as fast as they could, overtaking the other handymen one by one.

When they got close to the mountaintop, their faces instantly darkened. This is because they saw that three silhouettes were standing on the mountaintops, very close to the path exit.

The one who was standing in the front was Chen Fei, the man from the Administrative Department. Another two strong men standing behind him, they were all in the third-level of Qi Condensation. The three of them stood right in front of the exit; when they noticed the appearances of Bai Xiaochun and the other two fatsos, they laughed out loud one after another.

“Zhang Fatso One, Bai Xiaochun, you’re late! But it’s fine, we happen to have some spare places, do you want them?”

“Dirty, shameless, villans!” cursed Zhang Fatso One with his teeth gnashing and eyes turning red.

“Since it’s not against the rules, if your Burning Stoves Kitchen can do it, then so can our Administrative Department!”

“Haha! From now on, this business belongs to us!” yelled Chen Fei.

Chen Fei’s proud and scornful voice landed om Bai Xiaochun and the two fatsos’ ears, Zhang Fatso One was burning with fury. Obviously, the Administrative Department had planned all of this long ago, which was why their people had shown up to block their way.

Zhang Fatso One let out a rage-filled roar and prepared to launch an attack on his three opponents. In his mind, this fight was inevitable. Moreover, these kind of things would probably happen again and again in the future. This was akin to robbing spirit stones from him, which threw Zhang Fatso One into a violent rage.

Black Fatso Three was as just as angry. However, right when the two of them were about to launch their attacks, an idea quickly came to Bai Xiaochun’s mind as he abruptly started talking in a low voice.

“Big brother, run as fast as you can and push them out past the exit. We’d rather give up on those spirit stones for this one time, than have those people attempt to seize our business in the future!”

As soon as he said this, Zhang Fatso One’s eyes were instantly filled with wild glee. He increasingly began to feel that Bai Xiaochun just had too many rotten ideas in his head. He threw his head back and laughed towards the sky as his body shot outwards. Black Fatso Three’s eyes were similarly shining as he chuckled darkly. With a flash, his body moved beside Zhang Fatso One.

The test-path was not broad, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three had darted out towards the exit beside each other. They looked like a wall that completely blocked the path as they started roaring gales.

Their speed was fleetingly quick, in an instant, they reached Chen Fei and his two Brothers.

Bai Xiaochun started yelling in a high-pitched voice behind Zhang Fatso One.

Chen Fei and the other two who saw them coming, launched their attacks without any hesitation; however, no matter how hard they tried, they couldn’t beat Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three, who were charging like agitated wild boars; their eyes red with rage.

This strike that had been launched by the two fatsos with all of their strength could make even demons cry. They had rushed all the way and directly crashed into the bodies of Chen Fei and his two Brothers. The three of them instantly stepped backwards; their facial expressions instantly changed into shock, suddenly realising the intention of these two Burning Stoves Kitchen’s fatsos; their heads started buzzing.

If they were in other places, they could still dodge and counterattack, but in here, no counterattack could help them, on the contrary, to fight back would probably make them step back even quicker.

The more steps backwards they took, the more fear their faces showed.

They didn’t want to become outer sect disciples so soon. Once they joined the outer sect, they would become ordinary disciples instead of the Administrative Department’s officers, greatly reducing their benefits...

“Brother Zhang, please stop! Calm down! We can talk about th-” said Chen Fei hurriedly, however, before he could finish his sentence, Bai Xiaochun interrupted him in a shrill voice.

“Big Brother! Go! Push him to the peak!”

Hearing Bai Xiaochun, Zhang Fatso One let out another great roar, and doubled his speed once again; so did Black Fatso Three. Once again, the two of them heavily thudded against Chen Fei and his Brothers’ bodies along with loud booms. One of the strong men who had been standing behind Chen Fei couldn’t take the force, and was the first to be sent flying out of the narrow stairs, falling onto the mountain peak. He stood on the peak, wanting to cry but lacking tears.

At the same time, when the man was bumped out, the other Administrative Office’s handyman let out a howl, and took a series of steps backwards, stepping out of the test-path. Standing on the mountain peak beside his Brother, he beat his own chest hard and seemed extremely frustrated.

The last one was Chen Fei. He tried his best, but he eventually got directly forced out with a boom from the narrow path. His eyes thoroughly turned red; standing on the mountain peak, he turned around and stared at Zhang Fatso One with a murderous light in his eyes.

“Bai! Xiaochun!!!” the one he hated most wasn’t Fatso One, but Bai Xiaochun, who thought of this vicious idea.

At this moment, the two outer sect disciples, who were in charge of admitting new outer sect disciples, saw what just happened. They glanced at each other and let out a few dry coughs, took a few steps back and didn’t say anything.

Standing near the test path’s exit, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three arrogantly laughed out loud.

“Chen Fei, bye bye! Haha, I will never see you again in this Handyman Department, I will miss you! I'm so jealous of you! You have become an outer sect disciple!” yelled Zhang Fatso One while slapping his own stomach; fat rose and fell on his belly like the waves of the sea.

Chen Fei and the two Brothers of his were about to vomit blood, they even wanted to kill these Burning Stoves Kitchen’s bastards.

“My three dear Brothers, you don’t need to thank us at all! Congratulations, you’re the fishes that leapt through the dragon’s gate, you will all have very bright futures! I, your younger Brother, truly envy you for that.” said Bai Xiaochun while raising his chin, his face filled with proudness.

However, right after he said those words, a frosty and bland voice abruptly came from the top of the Scented Clouds Peak.

“No need to be envious, you can come too.”

Bai Xiaochun quivered when he heard this voice, his eyes instantly showed fright. A great force suddenly came from the mountain peak, directly shrouding Bai Xiaochun, instantly rolled his body up and brought him to the mountain peak.

Bai Xiaochun screamed out, grabbed a towering tree beside the test-path, tightly coiled his limbs around the tree trunk, and screamed even louder.

“Brothers! Help!!!”

This happened way too fast, before Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three realised what this was about, the tree trunk which was clasped by Bai Xiaochun had already been broke with a cracking sound. Bai Xiaochun’s body was then directly rolled up to the mountain peak by the force, like a kite but without a line. Meanwhile, a middle-aged man walked out. The man was wearing a light blue robe, giving off a natural air of power and prestige. That was no one else but…

Li Qinghou——

Title for chapter 14: Ninth Brother, be careful it could be a trap!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14 - Ninth Brother, be careful it could be a trap!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 14 - Ninth Brother, be careful it could be a trap!

This scene brought Chen Fei and the others great satisfaction. As they looked at Bai Xiaochun, they felt that justice was being served. He had it coming. As for the outer sect disciples, hatred could be seen on their faces. They had never felt this kind of emotion towards any handyman before.

“I don’t want to go…” Bai Xiaochun wailed as he collapsed onto the floor. His voice, filled with boundless grievance, was reverberating outwards. It was so strong that anyone who heard him would shed tears.

At the same time, after seeing Li Qinghou, Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three hurriedly lowered their heads, preparing to escape while Li Qinghou was not paying attention.

“Ninth Brother, it’s not that Big Brother doesn’t want to save you, but now that one of Scented Cloud Mountain’s five ancestors has appeared, other than suffering in the outer sect, there really isn’t much you can do anymore.” Zhang Fatso One released multiple sighs of despair. However, while lowering his head in preparation for escape, he suddenly heard Li Qinghou’s voice from behind him.

“You two, you’re coming as well.” Almost at the same time as when Zhang Fatso One heard those words, an immense force suddenly dragged the two of them towards the mountain. They didn’t even have time to grab onto a tree.

“I don’t want to go up that mountain! I’d rather starve to death in the Burning Stoves Kitchen than become an outer sect disciple!” Zhang Fatso One desperately protested. His wails were so much more intense than Bai Xiaochun’s that the latter forgot to continue screaming.

Black Fatso Three did not make a sound, but his face was filled with unhappiness. Pouting his lips, he looked at the bottom of the mountain with strong dismay.

“Shut up!” Li Qinghou’s expression darkened as he listened to Zhang Fatso One’s wailing.

At that moment, Bai Xiaochun immediately straightened his posture, his face solemn as he stood to the side, his stance dignified. His handyman’s demeanor disappeared without a trace; it was as if he had changed into a completely different person.

Zhang Fatso One was momentarily nonplussed before he straightened his posture as well. Under that facade however, his heart was still flooded with an ocean of grievance. He didn’t know why he was screaming like that, but he immediately scolded himself for it.

“Zhang Dahai, you will go to Purple Cauldron Mountain. From today onwards, you are an outer sect disciple of Purple Cauldron Mountain.”

“Chen Qingrou, you’re going to Green Peak Mountain.”

“Bai Xiaochun, you’re staying at Scented Cloud Mountain, and you’re going to become an outer sect disciple. Come!” Li Qinghou glanced at Bai Xiaochun and felt his head throb. All he did was shut himself in for closed-door cultivation, and the moment he came out, he was greeted with the Burning Stoves Kitchen incident. It even reached the ears of the sect elders, who treated it as nothing more than rare entertainment. Punishment never even crossed their minds.

Thinking that it would be bad if this continued, Li Qinghou personally came to resolve the issue.

After he finished talking, he flourished his sleeves and walked towards the higher peaks of Scented Cloud Mountain, paying no more attention to Chen Fei and the others behind him.

Bai Xiaochun was making a bitter face as he sighed, bidding farewell to Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three. Then, he suddenly remembered something and looked at Black Fatso Three with an odd expression. He uncertainly asked him a question.

“Third Brother’s name is… Chen Qingrou? Heh, nice name. It makes you sound like a peerless beauty.”

Black Fatso Three, feeling depressed, turned and walked away with a grunt. He was headed towards the bottom of the mountain.

“What’s up with him?” Bai Xiaochun asked as he turned to Zhang Fatso One.

Shooting Bai Xiaochun a strange look, Zhang Fatso One patted his shoulder and spoke in a heavy tone.

“Ninth Brother, I’ve never told you this before but… Black Fatso Three isn’t your Brother…… in truth, she's your Sister.” Zhang Fatso One said, giving a dry cough before hurrying away.

Bai Xiaochun just stood there dazed and thunderstruck. He felt as if nothing made sense in this world anymore.

“S-sister?” Bai Xiaochun said breathing deeply for a long while. When he was looking at Black Fatso Three’s figure, he heard Li Qinghou’s ice-cold voice.

“You’ve been talking for too long! Still not coming?!”

Bai Xiaochun hastened his pace as he followed Li Qinghou, his face bitter once more. Every three steps he took, he would look back at the Burning Stoves Kitchen and sigh.

As for Li Qinghou’s identity, Bai Xiaochun had found out long ago that in the sect’s four peaks and three mountains, Li Qinghou was one of the five ancestors in charge of Scented Cloud Mountain. He held a very high position in the sect.

The Scented Cloud Mountain may not seem big, but inside, there are four seasons, with chirping birds and fragrant flowers. It was like a land of immortals, and was incomparably larger than what its outer appearance suggested.

The exit of the road of trials was actually just a small part of the mountain. Looking at the entirety of the mountain, it was not even close to the peak, and could be considered part of the foot.

Along with the Scented Cloud Mountain’s weather and climate, there was the soothing scent of medicinal herbs that warmed the body. Bai Xiaochun felt great as he hurriedly inhaled deeply, his cultivation which had stagnated at the third level of Qi-Condensation for several months,improved with each breath he took.

Li Qinghou, who was walking in front of Bai Xiaochun, did not turn back, but joy could be seen in his gaze. He was pleased with the progress Bai Xiaochun had made in a year.

“You’d better stop causing trouble after becoming an outer sect disciple. I’m going back into closed-door cultivation. You need to put in effort as though you are rowing a boat against the current. Otherwise, your cultivation will deteriorate.” Li Qinghou said lightly.

Bai Xiaochun did not dare to refute his words, so he nodded his head like a good boy.

“For the cultivation of outer sect disciples, sect resources are just one part. They also need hard work and fortuitous encounters. So, there are many tasks for people to complete in the sect. Later, you should go take a look, and select some of them to temper yourself.” Li Qinghou explained.

At this point, Bai Xiaochun suddenly felt his heart move, and recalled the time when he was looking through the sect rules. For outer sect disciples, a task was to be completed once every set period of time. Failure to do so resulted in the position of outer sect disciple being revoked.

Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised. However, immediately after he thought of it, Li Qinghou managed to guess what was on his mind.

“Stop thinking about the sect laws. Others may only have their identity as outer sect disciples revoked and turned back into handymen, but if I ever find you slacking off, I’ll kick you out of the sect and send you back to your village. Maybe if I remember you in a hundred years, I’ll go burn some incense sticks for you.”

The thought terrified him. It’s one thing to be ignorant about the cultivation world and be uninvolved, but for someone like him who had already begun walking the road of immortality, it would crush his hopes and dream of living a long life if he was sent back to the village. So, he hurriedly pat his chest and swore that he would complete the missions without fail.

Not long after, a loft could be seen within the clouds at the center of Scented Cloud Mountain. It wasn’t big but it was elegant. Through the window, a youth could be seen reading quietly.

Sensing a person’s presence, the youth raised his head. It was a charming face. Seeing Li Qinghou, he stood up and left the loft to salute him.

“Disciple greets ancestor.”

“This is Bai Xiaochun. Make the arrangements for him to become an outer sect disciple.” Li Qinghou said, glancing at Bai Xiaochun. His body flashed and turned into a rainbow, shooting towards the peak of the mountain.

With Li Qinghou’s departure, Bai Xiaochun let out the breath he had been holding. He felt a lot more relaxed and the sky seemed bluer.

The youth sized up Bai Xiaochun, then suddenly laughed.

“You’re the Bai Xiaochun who blocked the road of trials of my Scented Cloud Mountain and sold the positions in the past few months?”

“You praise me too much. A trivial thing like this isn’t worth mentioning.” Bai Xiaochun let out an embarrassed laugh.

After hearing his words, the youth laughed even louder. His eyes shone with interest at this newcomer. Dropping the subject, the youth led Bai Xiaochun around the mountain, introducing some buildings to him along the way.

“My Scented Cloud Mountain has a high position in the sect, because compared to the cultivation of Green Peak Mountain and the techniques of Purple Cauldron Mountain, what my Scented Cloud Mountain is good at is refining medicine.”

“Even in the entire Skybridge River and the four big sects, my Scented Cloud Mountain has an illustrious reputation. Especially the head elder, he is even more renowned, being one of the only two medicine masters in the Donglin Continent.”

“As a result, becoming an outer sect disciple of my Scented Cloud Mountain is the same as becoming a Spirit Child, so you need to learn knowledge of plants and how to refine medicine.” The youth explained in detail as Bai Xiaochun followed him. He led him to receive his outer sect disciple uniform as well as a storage pouch.

The space in the bag was small, but it fascinated Bai Xiaochun nonetheless. After trying it out a few times, he kept it as if it was treasure.

What made him happiest was that the sect gave him twenty spirit stones after he became an outer sect disciple. Just a few more stones and he could buy the herbs he needed.

Dusk came. After the youth’s introduction, Bai Xiaochun understood Scented Cloud Mountain better. Later, the youth brought him to a place called Ten Thousand Medicine Refining Pavillion.

Here, he took out a jade tablet.

“This jade tablet contains information on ten thousand types of herbs. You need to memorize them all before you can exchange it for the second part.

“Brother Bai, the road to immortality is long, spirit medicine is indispensable to you on this journey, and if you can become a Medicine Master, you’ll experience a meteoric rise.”

“Spirit Child, Medicine Apprentice, Medicine Master…Brother Bai, how far you go depends on your fate.” The youth said with a kind smile. Upon nightfall, they sent Bai Xiaochun to the courtyard the sect arranged for him.

“Junior Brother Bai, tommorow I’m leaving the mountain. I won’t be able to accompany you to the Scriptures Pavillion, so remember to wake up early tomorrow, and get the later parts of the Purple Cauldron Qi Manipulation Technique. Or, you could also choose to practice another technique. Every new outer sect disciple gets one technique for free. If you want more, you will have to pay for them.

“If there’s anything you don’t understand in the future, you can come look for me at anytime. My name is Hou Yunfei. I also have to thank you for looking after my little sister a while back.” Hou Yunfei smiled, cupped his fists, and swiftly left.

“Hou Yunfei? Hmm.” Bai Xiaochun raised his head after he returned the gesture, and gazed at his figure leaving the place. After thinking about it, he suddenly remembered a girl’s figure.

“Hou Xiaomei!” He blinked, feeling like he inadvertently did something good.

Eventually, he took a deep breath, turning to look at the courtyard, his eyes showed hints of life, his silhouette was tall and upright under the moonlight.

“Oh well, being an outer sect disciple doesn’t seem that bad!” Bai Xiaochun threw out his sleeves, and walked into the courtyard.

Chapter 14 (True Title): Third Brother? Third Sister?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15 - Unending Longevity Technique!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 15 - Unending Longevity Technique!

The bright moonlight was shining down on the Scented Cloud Mountain of the Spirit River Sect dispersing both clouds and mist, baring half the mountain. The scene was extremely beautiful.

In the middle of its eastern side, at the end of a side path, was a yard an acre large, surrounded by trees and flowers. It was quite picturesque. A cabin was built in the yard. Within it, all the furniture was made from deep-purple coloured wood, filling the cabin with the faint scent of sandalwood. This house looked much better than any of the Handyman Department’s houses.

A part of the yard was used as a field, and a well was located in a corner of the yard. At the moment, Bai Xiaochun was basking in the moonlight, surveying the surroundings, his eyes showing satisfaction.

“Outer sect disciples are officially recognized by the sect as their disciples, naturally they get treated a lot better than handymen. This house is really nice, but, I’ve heard from Big Brother that, if we become inner sect disciples, we could live in ‘caves’…I wonder what that would look like?” murmured Bai Xiaochun as he raised his head to look at the Scented Cloud Mountain’s peak.

Only inner sect disciples were qualified to live in the upper half of the mountain.

Soon after, he turned his head, lazily stretched his body, and took out a storage bag, then gently patted it. Following this movement, a bottle of round pills and a stick of cyan coloured incense instantly appeared in front of his eyes.

“Good~ stuff~.” Bai Xiaochun couldn’t resist fiddling with the storage bag. After a while, He fixed his eyes on the bottle of round pills and the cyan incense. There was a sticker on the bottle, with the words - ‘spirit condensation’ - written on it, while the cyan incense was embossed with ‘ascending cyan’. When he first became a handyman, he had received things like these; after he swallowed those pills, his cultivation showed some slight improvement. Incenses would have the same effect after the user lit them and breathed in their fragrance

“It’s a bit of a waste if I just swallow them like this. Why not save them until after spirit refinement? They can probably help me to break through the higher levels.” Bai Xiaochun thought for a bit, then made a decision. At the moment, he didn’t have the type of wood that could produce single-coloured flame, so he planned to go downhill and get some tomorrow.

After thinking up to this point, Bai Xiaochun sat down cross-legged and began to cultivate. He never gave up on cultivating, not even a little bit. Despite his slow progress all this time, he never stopped cultivating.

He was doing this to attain immortality, therefore, he was extremely dedicated towards cultivation.

The night passed silently, the glow of the sun spilled onto the morning mist and dispersed into beams of multicoloured light, which glimmered like precious gems. Bai Xiaochun, who had cultivated the entire night, felt very energetic after opening his eyes. He put on his outer sect disciple’s uniform and swiftly left the cabin to head for the Scriptures Pavilion that Brother Hou told him about yesterday.

The Scriptures Pavilion was located on the other side of the mountain, far from where he lived. After walking for half an hour, he finally managed to see a tall tower in the distance. Streams of lights were swirling around the tower, along with spiritual pressure which was emitted by the tower, layered on the surrounding area.

He saw a lot of outer sect disciples on his way, most of whom seemed to be in a hurry. After sensing that Bai Xiaochun was only at the third level of Qi Condensation, they disregarded him.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t mind this, but he did start to tread more carefully. All of the outer sect disciples he had passed on the way had a cultivation level higher than his. A few of them had an immeasurable cultivation and were surrounded by other outer sect disciples. They laughed and talked as they walked past Bai Xiaochun.

The closer he got to the Scriptures Pavilion, the more outer sect disciples he saw. When Bai Xiaochun was about to enter the pavilion, a rainbow streak darted over from a far away mountain peak, lapped over the Scented Cloud Mountain and then flew away.

Within the rainbow streak, a young man was barely visible. He was standing on a wheel which was moving quickly.

“It’s Qian Dajin from the Law Enforcement Department, Brother Qian!”

“Brother Qian is an inner sect disciple that has joined the Law Department. He has become incredibly famous now! It’s said that he has already reached the eighth level, which is the Great Circle of Qi Condensation, and with the help of magic treasures, he is able to fly for a short while, so enviable!”

Bai Xiaochun too, gazed at the rainbow streak with envy until it disappeared from sight, and sighed in his heart.

“One day, when I have learned how to fly, I’ll fly circles around this Scented Cloud Mountain, when this place is crowded, everyday!” he said to himself with determination. He then made his way through the crowd and got into the Scriptures Pavilion.

The Scriptures Pavilion tower was gigantic. The first floor was almost empty, only a single table was placed in it. An elderly man was sitting behind the table with his eyes closed and legs crossed. Every disciple who walked past him would put the plate that showed their status on the table, and wait until the plate gave out light, before politely walking ahead.

Bai Xiaochun walked to the elderly man like the others and placed his plate on the table. Soon, it shone. Bai Xiaochun hastily picked it up and followed the other Brothers upstairs, to the second floor of the Scriptures Pavilion.

Many bookshelves had been placed on the second floor. They contained large amounts of jade tablets and a few bamboo scrolls. Every single one of them was wrapped up in a faint and soft light, which made the entire second floor seem extraordinary.

Not far away from him, was a staircase. Bai Xiaochun looked around first, then walked to it. When he was about to head up, a screen of light suddenly appeared, causing him to bounce back.

A young man, with a straight unibrow, who had been reading bamboo scrolls, glanced at Bai Xiaochun when he noticed what had happened.

“Brother, what qualifications do we need to go up to the third floor?” Bai Xiaochun acted like a good child and asked curiously.

“You must be a new disciple. Only disciples at the fifth level of Qi Condensation or above can go up there.” said that young man blandly. After which, he stopped talking, looked down and continued reading.

Bai Xiaochun, realising that this young man didn’t want to be disturbed, gave up on accessing the third floor and started to look around the second floor. He randomly chose some jade tablets and bamboo scrolls, then browsed through the many techniques in them. Every single one of them was attractive to him.

He especially fancied a fire-related magic that had been introduced in one of the books.

After a short while, he found the jade tablet of the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique that contained the method and pictures corresponding to the cultivation of fourth to eighth level of Qi Condensation. Bai Xiaochun hurriedly grabbed it in his hand and continued walking around.

Time passed by quickly and, in the blink of an eye, dusk had arrived. Bai Xiaochun had only finished going through seven areas in the Scriptures Pavilion’s second floor. By now, only a few people were still in the Scriptures Pavilion.

“Seven or eight techniques look great…” while he was still wondering which one to choose, he randomly picked up another bamboo scroll, this one was a bit dilapidated. However, after a single glance, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes popped out. They were overflowing with excitement and enthusiasm.

“The Unending Longevity Technique!”

He took a deep breath, carefully read through the introduction of this technique, and learned that this was a body-cultivation technique, claiming to be capable of making whoever reached its pinnacle live forever.

His breathing became rapid. After taking another glance at the name of this technique, he made the decision. He was going to choose this technique!

The very reason he started cultivating was so that he could to attain immortality, therefore, he instantly felt that this technique was meant for him, and that he was destined to find it. He laughed out loud and took the bamboo scroll before going downstairs.

In the first floor’s hall, the elderly man was still seated behind the table with his eyes closed, just the same as this morning. However, when Bai Xiaochun put the jade tablet for the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique and bamboo scroll containing The Unending Longevity Technique on the table, the elderly man slowly opened his eyes and threw a glance at Bai Xiaochun.

This glance made Bai Xiaoxhun’s body instantly shake, he felt that this glance was like lightning, making him tremble with fear. Bai Xiaochun hurriedly put on a polite face.

Fortunately, the elderly man soon stopped looking at Bai Xiaochun, and instead, took a glance at Bai Xiaochun’s identity plate.

“New disciples are allowed to copy the instructions for the first eight levels of the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, as well as one other technique.” said the elderly man slowly, in a hoarse voice. While speaking, his eyes were fixed on the bamboo scroll of The Unending Longevity Technique and frowned slightly.

“Although this technique is described as amazing, only a part of it remains. Additionally, the cultivation of this technique is extremely difficult, it will bring you great pain that no ordinary person can bear. Very few cultivators have choosen this one, and most of them eventually gave up. This book has been burried in the Scriptures Pavilion for a long time, are you sure you want to cultivate it?” said the elderly man while looking at Bai Xiaochun.

“Respected elder, disciple is very sure.” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly responded. Hearing the elderly man’s words, Bai Xiaochun had a feeling that, the reason this technique had been left in the corner of a bookshelf for so many years, was because it had been waiting for him. When he thought about the words ‘unending longevity’, he felt his blood boil.

The elderly man stopped trying to advise Bai Xiaochun. He then raised his right hand and waved it in the air; after which, two blank jade slips flew out, and after copying the information, dropped in front of Bai Xiaochun. The elderly man then closed his eyes again, not paying any more attention to Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun took the two jade slips, turned around and left, his eyes filled with anticipation. He went directly back to his cabin.

Night had fallen before he returned. In the cabin, Bai Xiaochun sat down cross-legged. After taking a deep breath, he took out the jade slip containing the Unending Longevity Technique and activated his Qi. After his Qi merged with the jade slip, the instructions instantly emerged in his mind.

Half an hour later, Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes, as if he was thinking of something.

Just as the elderly man had said, the manual for The Unending Longevity Technique was incomplete. According to it, the cultivation method for this technique was divided into two parts. The internal refinement and external refinement. The external refinement was composed of three chapters: skin, flesh and tendons, while the internal refinement had two chapters: bones and blood.

This incomplete book only had the cultivation method for the skin, which indeed seemed very difficult; besides, the book also mentioned that the cultivation of this technique would consume great amounts of energy. However, the book had mentioned a few secret techniques which seemed a bit exaggerated; for example, one of them was called ‘throat-crushing grasp’, which the book claimed to be unbeatable.

Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a second, but after looking at the words ‘Unending Longevity’, his eyes instantly burned with determination. According to the manual, he stood up, raised his hands and started smacking every single area on his body.

He had an insurmountable desire for immortality, which was stronger than what ordinary people had by hundreds of times. It was the same for cultivation, so he wholeheartedly followed the manual’s instructions, and smacked his body during the course of the entire night.

“Ouch, ouch…loose first, then tight…ouch…ouch…tight…then loose!” Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth while repeating a sentence from the The Unending Longevity Technique’s manual. He had been jumping around the yard while constantly screaming, on the verge of tears. In the end, he made up his mind, took his spirit stones, and walked out of the yard, then went down the mountain.

He thought that if he was going to train, then why not go down the mountain and buy the medicinal materials instead, and trade them for the life-prolonging pill. That would be much better than just jumping around the yard.

Therefore, at the top of Scented Cloud Mountain, many outer sect disciples saw a white and tender young man, who was hopping in a strange manner, rather than walking. He let out strange screams from time to time. From afar, these screams sounded extremely creepy…as if Bai Xiaochun was an extremely depraved person having his wedding night…….

[ED NOTE: RAWs said ** which suggests sexual activity]

“Ah…ouch…oh…oh…ah…ah……ah……ah……”

Bai Xiaochun didn’t want to make those sounds either, but it was just too painful. It was so painful that even when he didn’t move, he still felt that he was being tortured. However, every time he thought about the words ‘unending longevity‘, he would steel himself and continue. Eventually, he made his way from the mountain top to the market located outside the sect’s entrance.

After he unsteadily acquired enough of the required medicinal materials, he bought some wood that could produce one-coloured flame. As for wood that could produce two-coloured flame, it was very expensive so, he could only purchase a single piece before using up all his spirit stones.

After purchasing everything he needed, he gritted his teeth in pain and went to the mission-monument. There, he completed the mission that he had taken when he was still a handyman, and obtained a life-prolonging pill.

This pill was only the size of a thumbnail, it was all yellow, and emitted a special fragrance. Looking at the round pill, Bai Xiaochun was in so much pain that he couldn’t say a single word. Sweat was pouring down his body in streams, completly drenching him.

Gritting his teeth with all his strength, Bai Xiaochun climbed up Scented Cloud Mountain’s stairs step by a step, leaving a trail of sweat on the road behind him. Quite a few outer sect disciples were shocked after they saw Bai Xiaochun, some of them even showed disgust. After all, the sweaty stench emitted by his body was extremely strong.

Even Bai Xiaochun didn’t know how he made it back to his courtyard. By the time he arrived at the yard, one step at a time, it was already late at night. As soon as he stepped into his courtyard, he just fell on the ground, and passed out from the pain.

During the night, he had been woken up then knocked out by the pain multiple times. At dawn, he opened his eyes and discovered that the pain was gone.

“This is only an incomplete small cycle…”

Bai Xiaochun thought of what was written in the Unending Longevity Technique’s manual. A day and a night like this, without passing out, could be counted as a complete small cycle, and it required eighty-one small cycles like this to achieve a small circulation. This was equivalent to reforming the skin. When the skin became tough enough, the cultivator wouldn’t feel such great pain.

“If this technique was easy, anyone could cultivate it, and then everyone would be immortal. The more difficult it is, the more I should continue cultivating it. If I stick with it, I can definitely gain eternal life!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes burned with determination. His abnormaly strong obssesion with eternal life could shock anyone.

Now that he finally didn’t feel any pain from his body, Bai Xiaochun hurriedly took the life-prolonging pill out. After giving it a closer look, he was about to swallow it. However, he suddenly thought of something, looked at the surroundings to make sure that nobody was around, then rushed into his cabin and made a gesture with his right hand; following his gesture, the turtle-shell pot instantly appeared.

“Just swallowing it would be a waste, I should wait for after the spirit refinement.” murmured Bai Xiaochun while licking his own lips. He then took out the two-coloured flame wood piece, placed it under the turtle-shell pot, then lit it. The piece of wood started to burn quickly, and in the blink of an eye, became ashes. After which, the two patterns on the surface of the pot lit up.

Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment, then put the life-prolonging pill into the pot. The instant the pill was put inside, an eye-piercing silver light suddenly gushed out. Bai Xiaochun, having experienced this before, stayed calm as he fixed his eyes on the pot.

A short while later, the silver light dissipated, and in the pot, two silver patterns had appeared on the surface of the life-prolonging pill. The pleasant scent of medicinal materials, far denser than before, was being emitted by the pill. Just by breathing in that fragrance, Bai Xiaochun felt much more energetic than before.

“What a shame, I couldn’t find any wood that produces three-coloured flame.” Bai Xiaochun grabbed the pill and threw it into his mouth. As soon as it entered his mouth, the pill transformed into heat and diffused into his body.

Bai Xiaochun heard a boom from inside his head, then he felt as if his entire body was in an oven, everything inside was blazing. He even saw the white hair near his forehead instantly turn back to black, as if his life-force was being replenished. Quite a while later, this feeling hadn’t weakened at all, on the contrary, it kept growing stronger, to the point where his nose started bleeding.

“Too much!” Bai Xiaochun said as his eyes widely popped out. He hurriedly activated the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, however, that didn’t help at all, because what had been replenished by this pill was life-force, not Qi. More and more blood gushed out of his nose, and the hot stream of life-force inside his body started to expand, making him feel like he had become a balloon which was about to explode. He was instantly frightened.

In fact, after this pill went through two spirit refinements, its effects and value were hundreds of times more than what they used to be. Bai Xiaochun was only in the third-level of Qi Condensation, it was impossible for his body to handle the effect of this pill.

In this moment of crisis, Bai Xiaochun suddenly thought of The Unending Longevity Technique. He hurriedly leapt up and started smacking his own body with both of his hands using all of his strength.

Muffled popping sounds resounded about the room. Along with his movements, he felt that the hot stream inside his body started to cool down. However, he did not dare to stop. After smacking himself for half an hour, he finally felt the hot stream of life-force inside his body dissipate. His entire body was aching to the point where he immediately collapsed, panting. However, he felt better than he ever had before. An intense light could be seen flashing in his eyes.

“Although it’s partially related to spirit refinement... it’s still mostly the spirit medicine itself. Spirit medicine…is surprisingly miraculous…some can improve Qi, some can prolong the life…so, there might be one that can make people immortal!” thinking of this, Bai Xiaochun became more and more excited as his eyes shone even brighter.

“The Scented Cloud Mountain is exactly for raising Medicine Masters…”

“I’m going to become a Medicine Master, and make... an immortality pill!” Bai Xiaochun yelled to himself while panting.

At this moment, an incomparable and unprecedentedly strong interest in spirit pills had grown in his heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16 - Attention To Detail
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 16 - Attention To Detail

With this goal in mind, Bai Xiaochun lay in the courtyard, his body aching and worn out. However, he faintly felt that his skin had hardened substantially.

This made him look forward to becoming a Medicine Master even more.

Having lain in the courtyard for half an hour, the aching in his body receded. Bai Xiaochun sat up and crossed his legs. His eyes flashed as he took out the pills and incense he received upon becoming an outer sect disciple from his storage pouch.

After inspecting them carefully, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and glanced at his surroundings, before turning around and returning to the cabin. There, he took out the turtle-shell pot.

“Although these pills can be taken now, after the spirit refinement, they should be enough to let me make a breakthrough from the third level of Qi Condensation to the fourth. It’s a pity that the two-coloured firewood is so expensive. The Burning Stoves Kitchen has some, but I’m not a handyman over there anymore, so that would be inconvenient.” Bai Xiaochun now had a great interest in medicines, so after giving it a thought, he took out a piece of one-coloured firewood without hesitation.

“Just refining it once is still good!” He lit up the firewood which burned with a one-coloured flame. Moments later, a single pattern brightly lit up on the turtle-shell pot.

Bai Xiaochun opened the medicinal bottle cap and took out the three medicine pills that were the size of dragon eyes. He refined each pill separately.

Silver lights shone one after another and soon, three pills with silver patterns appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s palm. He had also refined the stick of cyan incense, then looked at the three spirit medicines that had each been refined once, placed in front of him. Bai Xiaochun kneeled down, and after he placed the cyan incense stick in front of him, he picked up the three pills and threw them into his mouth.

Bai Xiaochun then imitated the fourth picture in the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique manual and cultivated accordingly. Soon, the Qi in his body began circulating. This time, he managed to last noticeably longer. His cultivation base started to increase.

Within the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the river of Qi inside him began to rapidly flow through his entire body as he began to attack the bottleneck of the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

“Just a hundred more breaths and I will enter the fourth level of Qi condensation!” Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth as he imitated the actions shown in the fourth picture, which caused his body to curl into a ball. Cracking sounds could be heard coming from his entire person as beads of sweat fell to the floor, non-stop.

As he started to run out of Qi, he squinted his eyes. Suddenly, Bai Xiaochun opened his mouth and spat a mouthful of Qi at the cyan incense stick.

As soon as his Qi hit it, the cyan incense lit up and produced wisps of cyan smoke which resembled snakes. Upon appearing, they creeped straight for Bai Xiaochun, entering his body through his seven apertures and pores, transforming into thick Qi that bolstered the river of Qi inside him.

With a boom, a small blast wave erupted from Bai Xiaochun’s body and spread throughout the cabin before sweeping through the courtyard like a gust of wind. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glinted with joy as he laughed.

“The fourth level of Qi Condensation!”

He immediately felt the Qi inside him thicken with vigor. As he walked around, his body felt lighter than ever. Looking down, he saw large amounts of black filth sticking to his body, and he immediately knew that these were the impurities forced out of his body.

Moving his body, he exited his cabin so fast it looked as if he was flying, and did some cleaning in the courtyard. Bai Xiaochun felt refreshed. Making a gesture with his right hand, a wooden sword immediately flew out from his storage pouch like a prismatic rainbow.

After manipulating the wooden sword and making it fly about in the courtyard, Bai Xiaochun felt even more pleased with himself. Although it was not a sword fit for use at the fourth level of Qi Condensation, but under his control, it possessed a certain killing intent.

“Spirit refinement would be so much better if I had three-coloured flames, but medicine pills are just as amazing.” Bai Xiaochun’s interest in spirit medicine had only increased. Whether it was medicinal pills or incense sticks, all were indispensable for cultivation.

“I have to become a great Medicine Master, refine a Longevity pill, and use spirit refinement on it ten… no, a hundred times!” Bai Xiaochun’s desire to become a Medicine Master intensified from the bottom of his heart. Thinking up to this point, he pat his bag and took out a jade tablet.

The jade tablet was given to him by Hou Yunfei when they had gone to the Thousand Herbs Pavilion earlier. It contained the introductions and images of ten thousand types of herbs. This jade tablet was unique, could only be found in Scented Cloud Mountain, and it was required that all Spirit Children memorised it.

However, mastering a mere ten thousand types of herbs still wasn’t enough. Bai Xiaochun thought about what Hou Yunfei said - only after memorising it could he exchange this jade tablet for the next one.

He enthusiastically circulated the Qi in his body. Many different herbs were flashing through his mind. He only got more and more entranced by it, as if he had opened another door in life. It even described the herbs needed to make the life-prolonging pill.

After roughly looking through everything, Bai Xiaochun felt that memorising all the different herbs was not a difficult task. After all, he was someone who was aspiring to become the great Medicine Master that would make a longevity pill.

So, his overzealous personality exploded out once more. He wanted to more than just memorise the herbs - he wanted to scrutinize each and every single one of them to the absolute extreme before moving on to the next.

Bai Xiaochun madly trained for half a year when he had been threatened by Xu Baocai, and now, before such a grand dream, the same potential burst out from within him.

All the images of plants and herbs were all scrutinized in minute detail, to the point where a realistic figure of the herb would form the moment Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes.

However, he thought that it was not enough, and lamented not having the actual plants... Bai Xiaochun wanted to dissect the herbs to examine them more thoroughly. Unfortunately, he could only closely examine what he had. Be it texture or other minor details, he would completely study them.

Still unsatisfied, Bai Xiaochun did not spare even the roots, nor fruits. He studied the herbs as if they were enlarged an infinite amount of times, excavating them bit by bit.

Even after all of that, his heart still could not be put at ease. In the end, Bai Xiaochun had even studied the villus and pores of each herb with that same dogged scrutiny.

Time passed quickly and soon, it had been a month since he started his daily training in the fourth level of the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique. His cultivation base had also become a bit more relaxed. At the same time, he didn’t stop practicing the Unending Longevity Technique. Every day, Bai Xiaochun endured unspeakable pain, while sprinting back and forth in his courtyard, and memorising the herbs. Currently, he was able to mix the herbs he had studied in his mind. He had already reached the point where he could only explore beyond what was recorded in the jade tablet.

(TLC note: raws say running. Most likely his jumping is completed and the manual told him to run)

In addition to this, whenever he was running, he would always stop at the upper right corner of the courtyard. Over there, was a spirit field. In that field, Bai Xiaochun had planted the seeds of ten herbs.

(ED note: spirit field is the same as ling field from world of cultivation)

The type of herb was known as Spirit Winter Bamboo, and planting it was the task he chose half a month ago at the outer sect disciple mission-monument. He had a hard time finding a mission that was not dangerous.

Bai Xiaochun did not dare to take Li Qinghou’s words lightly. Every half a year outer sect disciples were required to complete at least one mission. Bai Xiaochun would never forget this law.

The mission he chose awarded a substantial amount of contribution points, which would increase along with the products’ quality. It was simple, but it was also a mission that consumed a great amount of time, requiring no less than three months for a passing grade.

The Spirit Winter Bamboo’s growth could also be hastened using one’s Qi too. However, Bai Xiaochun, didn’t have time to tend to its growth, so he chose to leave it alone in the spirit field.

“It grows so slowly.” Bai Xiaochun looked at the spirit field with a frown. From the description given in the jade tablet, Bai Xiaochun knew that this herb was extremely dependant on Qi. Without a spirit field rich in Qi, the best way to nurture the herb was to supply it with his own Qi.

“It should be because the Qi in my courtyard’s spirit field is too thin, that these Spirit Winter Bamboos grow extremely slowly.” Bai Xiaochun squatted down and scooped up a handful of soil from the spirit field as he muttered to himself.

“What can I do to make the spirit field’s Qi richer……?” Bai Xiaochun thought about it for a while, before his expression suddenly changed. He made a gesture with his right hand, causing the turtle-shell pot to appear.

Looking at the pot, then the spirit field, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shined.

“This pot can refine anything, so……. It should be able to refine the soil too, right?” thinking about this, Bai Xiaochun immediately became curious. After taking the Spirit Winter Bamboo seeds out from the soil, he immediately dug out a large amount of soil and threw it into the turtle-shell pot. He then took out a piece of one-coloured firewood and lit it.

Soon, silver light flashed as the soil inside the pot showed the same silver patterns as the previous refinements. Although the light from the refinement was dimmer, the Qi was visibly richer.

Bai Xiaochun was instantly filled with delight. Not finding it bothersome at all, he refined more soil and repeated the process for about half an hour. When he had almost used up the one-coloured firewood, the entire spirit field had already been refined once.

(ED note: Hour in this story is written as 时辰 which is actually 2 hours since the author is using the ancient chinese time measurement, where one day is 12 hours)

It was just that, the refined soil was only at the exterior. As for the deeper layers of soil, Bai Xiaochun did not refine them since he did not have enough firewood. This caused the spirit soil to be foundationless and thus unable to maintain that level of richness. As time passed, the field would slowly return to normal.

Even though this was the case, the difference between the Qi the spirit field had now and before, was as far apart as heaven and earth. The energy was so rich that the field gave off a stimulating fragrance.

Bai Xiaochun hurriedly planted the Spirit Winter Bamboo seeds and stood to the side, his eyes never leaving the field. Soon, he saw sprouts popping up at a speed visible to the naked eye. The shoots grew like crazy.

With that speed, the sprouts grew into 3 chi tall plants within the blink of an eye. If any disciples specializing in herbs saw this, they would have their breath taken away. After all even if a cultivator used his Qi, it will still be difficult for the Spirit Winter Bamboo to grow so quickly. (ED note: 3 chi is approximately 1m)

Besides…... in the entire cultivation world, there was no one wasteful enough to refine all that soil just to speed up the growth of ten Spirit Winter Bamboo seeds…

Even if it was an accomplished refining master, they definitely wouldn’t do something so wasteful.

Seeing that the seeds grew well, Bai Xiaochun was finally satisfied, so he turned around and left them alone. Then, he continued sprinting while studying the herbs recorded on the jade tablet in the courtyard.

As the sun set and the sky darkened, the Spirit Winter Bamboo in Bai Xiaochun’s spirit field, had already shot up to 3 chi high… And it seemed like they were far from reaching their limit. Who knew how big they would have grown by the end of the third month…

On this same night, Bai Xiaochun put down the jade tablet he had been holding. The ten thousand herbs in there were already completely memorized, down to the smallest detail, with that zealousness of his. He had even noticed some contradictions recorded in the tablet.

“The first thing I’m going to do tomorrow morning is to exchange this for the second jade tablet. I wonder how the Ten Thousand Herbs Pavilion tests the people who want to exchange their tablets. Am I be supposed to recite it by memoryl?

Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin, threw out his sleeves, and just when he was about to boast, he had second thoughts. Giving a dry cough, he picked up the jade tablet and continued studying, in fear of the test questions he might have to face tomorrow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17 - Little Turtle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 17 - Little Turtle

On the dawn of the second day, Bai Xiaochun walked out of his wooden hut early in the morning. He immediately noticed that the spirit bamboo planted in the spirit field had actually grown to half the height of a human. Only after nodding his head in satisfaction did he head out the yard and walk along the mountain trail towards the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

The morning sun rose in the distance, its rays illuminating a distance of tens of thousands of zhang. Mist swum amidst the sunlight like golden koi, an incredibly spectacular sight. Bai Xiaochun’s posture was relaxed and at ease as he walked forwards without making any stops. Gradually, he began to see many outer sect disciples along his path. Only, since he did not recognise a single one of them, he could not help but miss his Brothers of the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

[TL: One ‘zhang’ is equal to 10 feet.]

“I wonder how Eldest Brother is doing now, and also Black Fatso Three…” Bai Xiaochun felt a sense of wistfulness in his heart. By the time the sun had risen completely, he could see the ten breathtaking stone steles of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion in the far distance.

These ten steles were the symbol of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion. Each stele glowed with a soft blue light. They were at least ten zhang tall and as majestic as a rainbow, as though ten giants with an extraordinarily formidable presence were standing at that spot.

On the steles, rows and rows of characters could clearly be seen. They represented the top 100 rankings.

However on each stele, there were no names written, only symbols. Each symbol was the mark of a medicine master who was the pride of the outer sect and who had left an awe-inspiring reputation within the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

Every medicine master had a mark unique to themselves that they would carve on the spirit medicine that they had satisfactorily refined. Since these medicines would spread through the ages, the marks symbolised glory for the medicine master and were of great importance.

That day when Hou Yunfei had brought Bai Xiaochun to this place, he had introduced it briefly. Now, Bai Xiaochun had come by himself. As he closed in, he read the rankings on the ten stone steles.

The most eye-catching one was the first symbol on the stone stele right in front of him.

It was an Aquarius symbol!

Hou Yunfei had once told Bai Xiaochun that this flask was the symbol of… Zhou Xinqi!

This name was not new to Bai Xiaochun. When he had still been a handyman, there had been a time when he heard Zhang Fatso One speak about this Zhou Xinqi while he lamented and savoured ginseng roots under the moonlight.

That girl was originally from an ordinary family. Numerous years ago, a predecessor of the sect had sensed her shocking latent talents and persuaded her to join the sect. After a careful examination of her qualifications, the entire Spirit River Sect had instantly been stirred into a furor.

In fact, she possessed the extremely rare flora spirit pulse. Not only was her cultivation speed multiple times faster than a normal person, her potential talent in refining medicine was even greater. Eventually, she had entered the Scented Cloud Mountain and became Li Qinghou’s only disciple. She was seen as Li Qinghou’s successor and one of the medicine masters who would be one of the future pillars of the sect.

According to the rules of the Spirit River Sect, no matter how high a person’s qualifications were, they still could not directly become an inner sect disciple. Therefore, this girl, along with the other talents of the other two mountain peaks, had started out as an outer sect disciple in order to hone her skills. Even so, it was the inner sect who granted her supplies for her cultivation.

Anyone could understand that it would not be long before this Zhou Xinqi would justifiably become an inner sect disciple.

It just so happened that this girl was beautiful enough to move people’s hearts, causing countless male disciples to admire her incessantly.

Because of those reasons, her reputation among the disciples of the outer sect was monumental. There was not a single person who had not heard of her. Disciples of the inner sect had already considered her as an a member of the inner sect. Even the traditionalist inner sect approached this girl with fear.

As he thought about this, Bai Xiaochun was filled with curiosity towards Zhou Xinqi. He gazed at the stone steles as he walked in a large circle around them, feeling increasingly breathless as he inspected them one by one.

“This Zhou Xinqi is too powerful! Ten stone steles, yet she’s number one on eight of them. The remaining two didn’t have her name, but that’s probably because she hasn’t competed for them!” Bao Xiaochun widened his eyes as he scanned the stone steles.

At this moment, the disciples surrounding the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion gradually began to increase. Very soon, a large sea of people had gathered. Bai Xiaochun had been searching for the position of the second herb almanac but when he noticed that the number of people here was increasing by the second, he became very curious. He didn’t understand why there were so many people here today so he pushed his way to the front. Suddenly, he heard an uproar spread from his surroundings like the waves of an ocean, moving in his direction.

“Senior Sister Zhou is coming!”

“Haha, to be expected, the rumors that have been circulating for the past few days are true. Senior Sister Zhou would definitely be coming here in these few days. Waiting here for so many days is worth it.”

“This time, Senior Sister Zhou is already first in the fifth volume of herbs and the third volume of spirit beasts. This time for sure, she’s going to challenge the fourth volume of spirit beasts!”

As surrounding discussion suddenly surged, the crowd began to squeeze against each other. Bai Xiaochun was trapped inside. Fortunately, his body was not too fat. After being squeezed back and forth, he finally forced his way out of the crowd. He lifted his head to see a long streak of light flying rapidly from a distance.

That long streak of light was actually a blue damask. There was a girl dressed in the robes of an outer sect disciple on the damask. Her hair was floating in the wind like strands of silk, her eyes were like the stars and the cold moon. Her beautiful complexion and delicate figure were elegant and refined.

In an instant, the streak flew straight towards one of the ten stone steles. Amidst the cheers of the surrounding outer sect disciples, the girl landed. She did not even glance at her surroundings as she seemed to only have eyes for the ten orderly wooden huts lined in a row beneath the stone steles. She picked a hut and walked inside.

It was only now that Bai Xiaochun noticed that below each of the ten stone steles, there was a wooden hut. At this moment, apart from the stone stele that the girl had chosen, there were many other people entering and exiting the wooden huts beneath the other steles.

“Finally I’ve seen Senior Sister Zhou again. This time, Senior Sister Zhou will definitely succeed in becoming number one on the ninth stele--!”

“Senior Sister Zhou’s goal is the unprecedented feat of taking first place on all ten steles. Only she can possibly do that. Since she’s going to be assessed for the fourth and fifth volume spirit beasts, she’s definitely going to be first!” While the surrounding disciples rapidly became excited, a frail-looking outer sect disciple standing beside Bai Xiaochun first loudly shouted “Good luck, Senior Sister Zhou” a few times. Bai Xiaochun latched onto this opportunity to ask him a few questions. Since the disciple was in good spirits, he provided a detailed answer.

Bai Xiaochun confirmed that if he wanted to attain the second volume of the herb almanac, he would have to go to the wooden hut beneath the stone stele to be assessed. Only if he succeeded could he take the second volume. Hence, he hurriedly began squeezing his way towards the first stone stele. As he closed in with great difficulty, he discovered that this wooden hut was already full. After waiting briefly, when he saw someone walking out of the hut with an air of depression, he immediately stepped into the hut without hesitation.

The moment he entered the hut, it was as though the outside noise had been completely blocked off. It became extremely quiet. The wooden hut was not big. In the middle of the hut, there was a futon, and in front of the futon, there was a stone stele one size smaller.

Following the instructions he had been given outside, Bai Xiaochun knelt on the futon and took out the jade tablet containing the first volume of herbs. The moment it came into contact with the stone, it was instantly absorbed. The stone stele shook slightly before a ray of light diffused outwards.

“Just now, that fellow Brother said that I need to draw a mark which represents my future medical mastery onto the stone stele now.” Bai Xiaochun thought briefly before he chuckled and drew a turtle on the stele. He really liked turtles. Although this drawing of a turtle was rather crooked and looked somewhat ugly, he felt that it was relatively good.

The turtle-shaped mark disappeared with a flash. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath before he focused his concentration, his eyes flashing with acuity. Lifting his right hand, he slowly pressed his palm against the stone stele. Almost at the exact moment he touched the stone stele, a loud boom resonated in his mind as his vision blurred. When his sight cleared, his surroundings was no longer the wooden hut, but rather, he was standing in the middle of an empty space.

Before Bai Xiaochun even had time to size up his surroundings, a bright light suddenly flashed before his eyes. In front of him, there instantly appeared countless medical herbs that enveloped the sky and covered the ground.

These herbs were incomplete. Rather, they had all been ruthlessly broken apart. Split into more than ten sections, all the fragments had been mixed together. They spread out in a densely-packed mess.

Looking around, there were so many fragments that it was impossible to count them all.

This was the fear-inducing assessment of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion that terrified the outer sect disciples to the extent that their hair stood on end. All these years, countless people have had their hopes dashed and their spirits shattered by this assessment. This was why, whenever someone entered the first hundred rankings and had their names appear on the stone, it was natural that they would be admired by numerous other people.

This was especially so for the tenth position till the first, whose achievements won them well-deserved fame.

“In the time it takes for an incense stick to burn out, patch together the stalks of spirit herbs. You will be assessed on how many you complete. Begin.” An ice-cold voice seemingly without the slightest trace of emotion resonated in the air.

“This simple?” Bai Xiaochun felt that this was inconceivable. After just a sweeping glance, with the extent of his understanding towards the herbs listed in the jade tablet, he picked out fragments of more than a hundred kinds of herbs that he could piece together.

He had pondered for quite awhile on this assessment before he came. But now, when he saw what kind of assessment this was, he instantly heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. But immediately afterwards, he became anxious again.

“This won’t do. With such an easy assessment, the number that I need in order to pass must be really high.” Bai Xiaochun began to panic as he raced for time. Raising his right hand, he pointed ten times in rapid succession. Every piece of herb that he pointed towards would combine instantly according to his thoughts. In the blink of an eye, he had assembled two stalks of medical herbs.

His hands moved without pause as he pointed again. Without even a moment of respite, numerous fragments flew outwards and combined with similar fragments, forming numerous stalks of herbs. Gradually, more and more stalks of herbs were formed, soon surpassing a hundred.

Bai Xiaochun’s gaze did not waver. His spirit was entirely focused as he forgot about everything that was happening around him. He only had eyes for those fragments of medical herbs as his hands moved at lightning speed. In a panic and worry that he might fail the assessment, he was totally ruthless at that moment. Blood vessels slowly began to appear in his eyes as his hands moved even faster.

One hundred stalks, two hundred stalks, three hundred stalks, five hundred stalks...One thousand stalks!

Bai Xiaochun’s forehead dripped with sweat. White smoke was even being emitted from the top of his head as the speed of his movements increased. He only needed a single glance at those fragments of herbs to instantly identify what kind of medicine they were. This was because when he was memorising from the jade tablet, he had even memorized them to the point that he wanted to grind those herbs into powder in order to study them further.

But since he did not have that option, he could only observe the herbs to their smallest detail, understanding them completely.

If this scene was seen by the outer sect disciples, it could have caused them to inhale sharply with disbelief. In their minds, this assessment could be considered terrifying. But they could not have possibly imagined that what was truly terrifying was Bai Xiaochun’s insight towards the ten thousand kinds of herbs in the jade tablet.

Time passed. Two thousand stalks, three thousand stalks…

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were filled with blood vessels as his hands struggled to keep up with the pace of his thoughts. If it weren’t for his cultivation at the fourth level of Qi-condensation, he would have long since been forced to stop.

Since it had come to this degree, Bai Xiaochun did not know whether, he could ultimately pass the exam or not. He could only grit his teeth forcefully and continue to persist.

Four thousand stalks, five thousand stalks, six thousand stalks, seven thousand stalks…

After an unknown amount of time, when there were not many fragments of medicine left, all the medicine suddenly disappeared with a flash. His vision blurred, and when it cleared up, he found that he had already returned to the wooden hut. On the stone stele, there appeared a jade tablet, exactly the same jade tablet containing the first volume of herbs that had assimilated with the stele.

“There was still some left, only so little was left…” His heart was unsettled. As he picked up his jade tablet and depressedly walked out of the hut, he heard the loud cheers of numerous people outside.

Bai Xiaochun raised his head and immediately spotted Zhou Xinqi coincidentally walking out of her hut at the same time. And on the stone stele behind her, the Aquarius mark that represented her name had already appeared at the number one position.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18 - Manipulating the Atmosphere
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 18: Manipulating the Atmosphere

That was the stele for the fourth volume of spirit beasts, and also the ninth stele that had the Aquarius symbol appear in first place.

Countless cheering and shouting sound suddenly resounded throughout the crowd.

“Haha! Sister Zhou did it, I told you that Sister Zhou was going to become an unprecedented champion on the steles!”

“Zhou Xinqi truly is a talented girl who possesses the flora spirit pulse! I bet she will have a limitless future!”

“Sister Zhou, we’re expecting that next time, you will be the first one to achieve the top-ranking on ten steles, and sound the Spirit River Bell, shocking the entire sect!”

The surrounding outer sect disciples in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion let out cheers one after another. Even though there were those who spread rude remarks while wearing unsightly expressions, their voices were drowned out by the others. In the eyes of these outer sect disciples, Zhou Xinqi’s status was like the sun during daytime. All of Scented Cloud Peak’s outer sect disciples were now seeing her as the representative of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

Zhou Xinqi faintly smiled. Although she had always been cold and detached, seeing all these outer sect disciples cheering for her, she couldn’t help but feel proud of herself. Seeing her smile, all the outer sect disciples cheered even louder.

Bai Xiaochun was also standing in the crowd and looking at Zhou Xinqi with admiration. He silently sighed, then raised his head and took a glance at the stele for the first volume of herbs. After which, he suddenly widened his eyes. After being stunned for a while, he hurriedly took out the jade tablet of the first volume of herbs, and took a closer look at it. He found that apart from the ten thousand herbs of the first volume, there were another ten thousand herbs. He stuck his chest out and raised his head in surprise, his face filled with pride.

He was stunned because he saw that on the stele for the first volume of herbs, a good-looking turtle was now positioned right above the Aquarius symbol. No matter how he looked at the stele, Bai Xiaochun felt extremely satisfied.

Earlier, he intended to leave. However, he now stood in the crowd, trying very hard to hold in his excitement, prepararing for the surrounding people to cheer and hail him. Sadly, after waiting for a while, everyone’s attention was still on Zhou Xinqi. No one noticed the change on the stele for the first volume of herbs, even when the people surrounding Zhou Xinqi were starting to to disperse.

Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun was overcome by anxiety and suddenly shouted.

“Look! First place on the first volume of herbs’ stele is no longer Sister Zhou’s anymore! Somebody else took it! So strange. Such a beautiful turtle, who drew it?!”

Despite the sounds of cheering and hailing, Bai Xiaochun’s shrill and high-pitched voice was easily heard. Especially because of its shocking content, many people subconsciously looked at the stele. Soon after, all of their expressions changed, and they immediately exclaimed.

Thus, more and more people heard the exclamations and looked at the stele. All of them instantly quivered when they saw the stele and showed disbelieving expressions. Soon, everyone who was on the scene had noticed the change on the stele for the first volume of herbs.

“The…the… the first stele…, someone has actually surpassed Sister Zhou on the first stele!”

“How can this be?! My God! There’s actually someone who could surpass Sister Zhou! That turtle is incomparably ugly! Who is this person?!”

“Surprisingly, there are people who can compete with Sister Zhou on the subject of herbs. Something big has happened! This time, Sister Zhou was unable to achieve the top-ranking on nine steles. She is still only the first for eight!”

The surrounding people instantly fell into an uproar. Their discussions were even louder than the cheers from before. After all, no one could have predicted this, so everyone found this extremely shocking.

In the crowd, Bai Xiaochun was so proud of himself that a smile almost bloomed. However, he was worried that if he admitted to beating Zhou Xinqi, no one would believe him. Therefore, he did his best to keep himself from laughing out loud. However, he shouted out in shock like the others from time to time. His voice especially noticeable.

Even Bai Xiaochun himself had never thought that he would achieve first place.

At this moment, Zhou Xinqi, who was turning around and preparing to leave, suddenly stopped when she heard the cries of the surrounding people. She then turned around and saw the stele for the first volume of herbs, as well as the turtle which was now positioned at the top.

She slightly frowned before relaxing her eyebrows again, seemingly disinterested in this change. In her thoughts, the top place on the stele for the first volume of herbs was achieved when she had just become an outer disciple; she hadn’t given her all for this spot back then, not to mention that right now, she was completely different from years ago.

“Good, it seems that a talented disciple has emerged from our sect.” she said lightly in a condescending voice as her body suddenly flashed, darting towards the stele for the first volume of herbs.

She thought that she had just barely been surpassed, and all she need to do to regain that position was simply put in a little more effort.

Once she moved, all of the surrounding outer sect disciples grew excited. They turned around and fixed their eyes on her. When they saw that Zhou Xinqi walk into the cabin under the stele for the first volume of herbs, their eyes were instantly filled with anticipation.

“Sister Zhou is going to take her first place back. The young Brother who has drawn the turtle is good, but, it’s such a shame that he can only hold the first place for the time it takes a stick of incense to burn.

“That’s true. This young Brother can definitely be considered as genius in herbs, but he just had to encounter Sister Zhou. It can only be considered his bad luck.”

Hearing the words of the surrounding disciples, Bai Xiaochun became nervous. On one hand, he didn’t have enough time to match all the pieces together. On the other hand, Zhou Xinqi was so famous, that even he himself, felt that he belonged in second place.

“It’s fine, I’ll just take the second place. Men shouldn’t fight against women.” Bai Xiaochun consoled himself and thought about leaving. However, he was unwilling to leave like this, so he stood still, anxiously waiting for what was about to happen next.

Soon, the time it took to burn a stick of incense had passed, but the ranking on the stele didn’t change. Bai Xiaochun’s turtle was still on top. Zhou Xinqi walked out of the cabin with an indifferent face. She was hundred percent confident about taking the first place back. This time, she had used eighty percent of her abilities and completed a whole four thousand herbs amongst the ten thousand.

In her eyes, this was more than enough to surpass that unknown talented disciple.

However, when she walked out of the cabin, she didn’t hear a thing. When she looked at the crowd, she found that they had strange expressions on their faces, and quite a lot of them were staring in disbelief.

Zhou Xinqi stopped, abruptly raised her head, and looked at the stele. She saw that her Aquarius symbol was still beneath the turtle, which looked uglier the more she stared at it.

The entire area was dead silent and every disciple, including Bai Xiaochun was stunned. Soon after, Bai Xiaochun looked at Zhou Xinqi in surprise, then felt that this girl was not only pretty, but also…not as frightening as he thought.

Zhou Xinqi’s pupils shrank slightly, before quickly returning to normal.

“This person is indeed talented with herbs. I’m now a bit curious about him.” said Zhou Xinqi as she turned her body around in a flash and under everyone’s stares, unexpectedly walked into the cabin once again.

This time, Bai Xiaochun did not even consider leaving. He stood in the crowd eagerly awaiting the results. As for the other outer sect disciples, they had stopped talking loudly, instead, they had started discussing in hushed tones. Everyone who saw this unprecedented occurrence could not believe their eyes.

As they looked at the turtle, they began to feel that it was mysterious. After the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, this sense of mystery intensified as they saw Zhou Xinqi walk out of the cabin again.

The turtle…was still on the top!

“My god! Who is this?!” Bai Xiaochun widely popped out his eyes and shouted, his shrill voice immediately intensified the surrounding disciple’s excitement.

“Sister Zhou failed to surpass this person twice, how is this possible?! How many herbs did this person complete?!”

“Did anyone see which Brother went in and took the assessment?”

The silent crowd was finally unable to supress their excitement, and flew into a frenzy. Zhou Xinqi stood under the stele with a frown on her face. She had done her best just now and completed nearly six thousand herbs. However, she never thought that even after this, she would still be below that turtle.

She narrowed her eyes, coldly snorted, then turned around and walked into that cabin once again, her eyes filled with determination.

After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Zhou Xinqi walked out with an extremely serious expression. She then turned around and walked in again. Another stick of incense later, she walked out once more, her face was pale but still filled with diligence and competitiveness. Then, she turned around again.

One time, two times, three times, four times…

All the other cultivators' breaths grew heavier with each of Zhou Xinqi’s continuous assessments, until finally, the crowd fell completely silent again.

Simply because, the meaning of this scene was too terrifying. They couldn’t even imagine how many herbs the person, who had drawn the turtle, had completed, that Zhou Xinqi couldn’t surpass him no matter how hard she tried.

At this moment, the turtle had left an extremely strong impression on the mind of everyone watching this.

Especially when they saw Zhou Xinqi walk out again, her pretty eyes filled with streaks of blood. Everyone couldn’t help but deeply gasp in shock.

In the crowd, Bai Xiaochun could only cough dryly. He couldn’t tell anyone that he was the one who took the first place. He felt like a cat had been scratching inside his heart, and could only silently cheer in his head.

(Ed note: “...felt like a cat had been scratching inside his heart…’ means that Bai Xiaochun really wanted to do something but knows that he shouldn't)

“No, I can’t stand this. One day, I will find a chance to have the attentions of hundreds of thousands of people, and to tell everyone that the first place of the stele for the first volume of herb is I, Bai Xiaochun!” Bai Xiaochun murmured. He lazily yawned, looked at the sky which was turning dark, and then made a lonely master look.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, can make Zhou Xinqi vanish with only a flick of my finger…” said Bai Xiaochun while waving his sleeve. Afterwards, he turned around and proudly walked out of the crowd, before gradually disappearing.

While Bai Xiaochun walked away, Zhou Xinqi stood under the stele, gritted her teeth and walked into the cabin again. She was very determined…

Zhou Xinqi kept trying until the bright moon rose. Her face was full of exhaustion as she stared at the turtle; she never thought that this kind of thing would happen to her. Then, she walked away in silence.

After she left, the surrounding people followed suit. That night, the legend of the turtle swept through the entire Scented Cloud Peak.

Everyone thought that the matter had concluded. However, after the sun rose on the next day, the disciples in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion saw, to their surprise, Zhou Xinqi continuously challenging the record. She kept rushing into the cabin under the first stele, coming out, failing, and challenging it once again.

One day, two days, three days… for three whole days, Zhou Xinqi continued in this manner. This pushed the discussions about the mysterious turtle in Scented Cloud Mountain to new heights.

Everyone had heard about the mysterious turtle and Zhou Xinqi’s assessments, even some inner sect disciples.

Seven days later, Zhou Xinqi silently stood under the stele staring at the turtle, her eyes dim for the very first time. During the past seven days, she had challenged the record with everything that she had, performing even better than what she had previously expected, reaching seventy thousand herbs. However, she still failed to surpass this mysterious disciple.

“Who the hell are you?!” Zhou Xinqi murmured. She took a deep breath, gnashed her teeth, turned around, and stopped challenging the test. That turtle had deeply engraved itself in her mind, so much that she couldn’t stop thinking about it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19 - The Legend Of The Weasel
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 19 - The Legend Of The Weasel

During his time in Scented Cloud Mountain, Bai Xiaochun, now an outer sect disciple, lived a very relaxed and comfortable life. Other than his longing for the food back at the Burning Stoves Kitchen, he was very content with everything else there.

At the rate that his cultivation and research on herbs were advancing, Bai Xiaochun felt like he was living life to the fullest. Only, he occasionally felt bored since the yard that he lived in was rather isolated without anyone he knew living near him. He didn’t even have a single person to talk to.

“Could it be that all cultivators feel this lonely?” Bai Xiaochun lamented as he raised his head to the sky, old beyond his years as he stood in the courtyard.

The fall winds had passed, and the winter flurries had started. On the horizon, snowflakes could occasionally be seen falling to the ground as the temperature dropped. With the descent of the winter chill, the Spirit Winter Bamboos were growing at a faster rate than in the previous seasons, already surpassing Bai Xiaochun’s height. They created the image of spring with their jade-green leaves.

It has been more than a month since he took first place in the assessment. The problem now was that the difficulty of the second examination far exceeded his expectations. The progress of his research had slowed down a bit, but the important thing was that despite Zhou Xinqi’s failure to take back first place, Bai Xiaochun felt pressured as he remembered the unassembled herb fragments that were left when the first assessment ended.

“My reputation must not be surpassed by that little lady, Zhou Xiaoqi.” Bai Xiaochun quietly made up his mind to work even harder until he achieved his dream of proudly announcing before ten thousand people that he was the Turtle Medicine Master. It was a dream that had already taken root within his heart.

Though he was slower at studying the second book, his Unending Longevity Technique had almost reached a small circulation.

Every time Bai Xiaochun trained, the pain reached new heights, but his obsession the words “Unending Longevity” kept him going until now.

“Three more days. Three more days, and according to the Unending Longevity Technique’s manual , one small circulation will be completed,” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, gritted his teeth, and continued sprinting back and forth in the courtyard as he studied herbs.

Three days passed quickly. On the dusk of the third day, snowflakes floated down from the sky, wrapping the Spirit River Sect in a cloak of silver.

Bai Xiaochun was doing his running routine as usual, when suddenly his body trembled violently, making him abruptly stop in his tracks. The throbbing pain in his body vanished as soon as it came.

It was followed by sudden bursts of heat which spread throughout his body. When they finally reached the surface, his skin turned as hot as iron fresh out of a furnace.

The snow that landed on his body was instantly evaporated, and transformed into steam before floating up towards the sky.

“Done!” Bai Xiaochun’s mouth was dry, and the burning heat was killing him, but he couldn’t be happier. He lowered his head and looked at his body, immediately noticing the black radiance that gradually dispersed as it circled him.

Bai Xiaochun poked his arm, and the hardness akin to the skin of a bull made his eyes shine. He stretched his body a bit, feeling an obvious improvement in speed. Excited, he flashed forward, appearing a long distance away.

This was double his old speed. Seeing this prominent improvement, Bai Xiaochun felt even more pleased with himself. He tested this newfound speed a few more times before he was satisfied.

Soon after, Bai Xiaochun continued his cultivation according to the Unending Longevity Technique’s manual. This time it was a training that involved blocking the nose and mouth, using the body to breathe instead. Each breath counted as a small cycle, and he was to do it eighty one times every day, for eighty one days before a circulation was completed.

If he could manage to achieve this, combined with the painful circulation he just completed, his body would become nearly invincible!

Bai Xiaochun tried for quite a while before slowly beginning to understand the method. Standing in the courtyard, he started breathing with only his skin, but just as he barely managed to finish a small cycle, his body had already visibly thinned.

At the same time, waves of intense hunger surfaced, causing Bai Xiaochun’s stomach to rumble. Ignoring the rumbling sounds, Bai Xiaochun continued his breathing. His body gradually got skinnier. When he finished the fifteenth breath, his body almost looked like a skeleton wrapped in skin.

It was as though all the nutrients in his body had been sucked out. However, at this moment, his skin looked even tougher than before.

But Bai Xiaochun was at his limits. His head started spinning the moment he opened his eyes his eye whites nearing turning green.This kind of indescribable hunger caused him to feel as though he could swallow an elephant whole, if one appeared in front of him.

“I can’t take it anymore, I’m about to starve to death!!” Bai Xiaochun swallowed his saliva with difficulty, his vision blurry and his legs wobbly. There wasn’t any food around him, except the juicy, green bamboos that looked irresistibly delicious at the moment.

He tried to control himself, but the sense of starvation was too much for him. Dashing to the winter spirit bamboos, he took a huge, savage bite.

A snapping sound could be heard as he bit off a huge piece, chewing it loudly in his mouth. Bai Xiaochun’s expression suddenly twisted as the bitterness of the bamboo hit his tongue, his entire body shivered.

“Too bitter…”

“I want to eat rice…” At this moment, Bai Xiaochun’s desire for the food back at the Burning Stoves Kitchen, was amplified to the extreme. He was hungry. He had never been this hungry in his entire life. At this moment, he had starved till his head felt faint. His eyes turned increasingly green and his breathing was rapid. As his body involuntarily lunged forward, Bai Xiaochun sprinted out of the courtyard.

At this moment the Burning Stoves Kitchen was preparing food. After Zhang Fatso One and Black Fatso Three’s departure, Yellow Fatso Two became the head of the place. He was pouring rice soup as a gust of wind blew in, the bowl disappearing from his hand. Under the soup was Bai Xiaochun with his mouth wide open.

“Ah?” Yellow Fatso Two jumped up. The other fatsos were also momentarily stunned. By the time they realized that it was Bai Xiaochun, before they even managed to speak, he had already lifted a huge pot of soup. With eyes burning from hunger, he gulped the entirety of the contents down loudly. Unsatisfied, he plunged his whole head into another pot, finishing the soup inside within seconds.

One, two, three gulps… Bai Xiaochun took more than a hundred gulps of soup, his body like a black hole, not feeling full at all.

“Hungry… I can’t, I’m still starving… I need meat!” Bai Xiaochun was frantic, sweeping his eyes around, the first thing he saw was the huge mountain-like bodies that belonged to his fatso brothers. He swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

The fatsos in Burning Stove Kitchen stared at Bai Xiaochun with wide eyes and gaping jaws. They had seen starving people before, but this was on a whole new level. This was not Bai Xiaochun anymore, it was some ghost that had died of starvation.

Yellow Fatso Two especially, lost it when he realized the horrible fact that Bai Xiaochun was swallowing his saliva as he stared at him and his brothers with hungry eyes. Immediately backing away, he roared loudly.

“Fatso Nine, there is spirit food prepared for Elder Zhou in the kitchen!”

Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun charged into the kitchen with ferocity in his eyes.

The fatsos outside all looked at each other before they sucked in a breath.

“Did you see that? That’s what happens when you become an outer sect disciple. Poor brother, how did he starve to this state…?”

“I would sooner be beaten to death than become an outer sect disciple.” The other fatsos all made up their mind, pitying the crazed Bai Xiaochun.

As he ate, Bai Xiaochun did all he could to control himself from eating more than the edges, remembering the six codes of Burning Stoves Kitchen. He knew that eating all of it would only bring trouble to his brothers. He could never bring himself to do something like that.

After finishing the soup and the edges of the meat, Bai Xiaochun wasn’t starving as much as before. Feeling his self-control return, he felt like crying but could not shed any tears. He was terrified by the Unending Longevity Technique’s training methods. Although the pain had already disappeared, the hunger was enough to drive a man insane.

“Second Brother…” Bai Xiaochun looked anxiously at Yellow Fatso Two. Only after seeing that Bai Xiaochun had calmed down did Yellow Fatso Two dare to approach him. Patting his shoulder, he gave him a look of sympathy.

“Don’t worry, little Brother. We can always make more food for Elder Zhou. Look at how hungry you are. Oh… do come back next time, you need the nourishment.”

Upon hearing his words, Bai Xiaochun was touched. Gritting his teeth, he decided against coming here often. Otherwise, with his current condition, there was no guarantee that he wouldn’t lose control someday and bankrupt the Burning Stoves Kitchen.

As Yellow Fatso Two and the other fatsos bid their farewells, Bai Xiaochun sighed as he climbed up Scented Cloud Mountain. The pleasure and comfort he just experienced, dissipated without a trace in an instant, replaced by despair and hopelessness. He feared that he would really starve to death someday.

“I don’t know if any disciples have died of starvation in the Spirit River Sect, but I really don’t want to be the first one.” Bai Xiaochun’s face drooped as he thought of ways to solve this starvation problem in the long run. Just then, the sounds of chickens’ clucking suddenly came from a place not far away.

Upon hearing the clucking, Bai Xiaochun slowly turned his head fixed his gaze in the direction of the clucking noises. His vision had already tunneled, his stomach already rumbling.

“Chickens…” Bai Xiaochun looked around, to make sure that no one was watching, before diving into the bushes, as fast as a weasel, disappearing with a whoosh.

After a moment, Bai Xiaochun appeared, crouching outside the fences of Scented Cloud Mountain’s chicken coop. Staring intently at the prideful chickens that walked about with their triple coloured tails. They were as big as baby cows, and Bai Xiaochun was unable to count how many times he gulped.

“Meat…” Bai Xiaochun laughed. It was an incredibly eerie laughter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20 - The Floor was Covered with Chicken Feathers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 20: The Floor was Covered with Chicken Feathers

The Spirit Tailed Chicken, which had harder feathers and a larger body compared to an ordinary chicken, was born ferocious. An adult Spirit Tailed Chicken was comparable to a cultivator at the second-level of Qi Condensation.

This kind of chicken was edible, their eggs were nutritious, their blood as well as their bones were excellent medicinal materials, and their tails could be used as rare fuel to produce three-coloured flame. Therefore, Spirit Tailed Chickens were mass reared in all three peaks of the Spirit River Sect’s South Bank.

However, these chickens did not belong to the sect. They were the personal properties of Li Qing Hou and the ancestors of the other two mountains, so only a few disciples were responsible for taking care of these chickens. On the Scented Cloud Mountain, three territories were enclosed for rearing Spirit Tailed Chickens.

Bai Xiaochun hunkered in the shrubbery while looking at those Spirit Tailed Chickens. He had never seen a live Spirit Tailed Chicken before, but he had tasted one in the Burning Stoves Kitchen and he knew that this kind of chicken was extremely delicious. He had also heard from Zhang Fatso One that this kind of chicken liked to eat spirit bugs.

Eventually, Bai Xiaochun’s body flashed away. Instead of acting rashly, he chose to go downhill to buy a bag of spirit bugs with his dwindling supply of spirit stones, before returning to his yard.

The moment he returned, he felt hungry again. Forcibly repressing his hunger pangs, he searched around, seemingly looking for some materials.

Soon after, when his gaze landed on the Spirit Winter Bamboos, his eyes suddenly lit up. These bamboos had grown to over a zhang tall and were as thick as a fist. Glowing with spirit light, they looked quite extraordinary.

(ED note: One zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.645 yards)

Bai Xiaochun hurriedly walked up to those bamboos and circled around them a few times before he laughed out loud. Using the herbal knowledge he had acquired, he cut off two sections from the head of a bamboo stalk, which was also the toughest part of the bamboo.

As for how to steal the Spirit Tailed Chickens, Bai Xiaochun had his own special way. The most important thing about stealing a chicken was ‘weaseling out.’ Weaseling out, or escaping the notice of others, was indeed an art.

With the two sections of bamboo, Bai Xiaochun quickly made a bamboo-cicada. This was something he had learned from his father when he was little. According to legends, this kind of bamboo-cicada was a useful tool in catching any fowl, be it chicken or phoenix. He then weaved a rope with the bamboo fibers. After tightening the rope to test its tautness, he tied the bamboo-cicada to it, then darted out under the cover of night.

“I want to eat chicken!” Bai Xiaochun’s belly was rumbling, but his eyes were shining with a bright green light. His starvation pushed him to run faster, straight towards the nearest Spirit Tailed Chicken coop.

He slowed down when he neared the chicken coop, sneakily approached the fence, and threw the bamboo-cicada with spirit bugs hanging onto it into the chicken coop. Afterwards, he held the rope that had been tied together with the bamboo-cicada and silently waited, while enduring his hunger.

A few cabins were built within the yard. Beyond them, were the training grounds and living areas of Outer Sect Disciples. Inside the broad hennery yard, were hundreds of Spirit Tailed Chickens. Most of them were lying on the ground, while others were walking around.

Occasionally, they pompously raised their heads high up in the air. After a short while, a Spirit Tailed Chicken seemed to notice something. It turned around and took a glance at the surrounding area, before approaching the bamboo-cicada. The chicken instantly noticed the spirit bug that had been hung on the bamboo-cicada. As it came closer, it then unconcernedly opened its beak and pecked.

But at the exact same moment the chicken’s beak pecked the spirit bug, it triggered the mechanism. Instantly, the bamboo rod bent by the chicken’s pull violently sprang apart and ingeniously trapped the beak of this Spirit Tailed Chicken. It forcibly propped the chicken’s beak open.

The Spirit Tailed Chicken tried to make a sound but failed because of the bamboo stuck in its beak. It then tried crushing the bamboo, however, it failed again due to the sturdiness. At the same time, a strong pull came from the shrubbery.

No matter how hard the chicken struggled, it could only be dragged to the fence in a quick and silent manner. After that, the rope suddenly shook and lifted the chicken into the air. Bai Xiaochun grabbed the chicken in his hands and gathered the power of his fourth-level Qi Condensation into his palms. Together with his tough skin and great strength, he easily twisted the chicken’s neck, then threw it into the storage pouch. This series of moves was extremely skilled, as if it had been an old trick that he had completely mastered.

The entire process had spanned less than thirty breaths, if he hadn’t waited for so long, it would have been even quicker.

Bai Xiaochun was very excited. He dashed back to his own yard, and soon, a delicious scent came out of his cabin. By the time dawn arrived, the entire chicken had ended up in Bai Xiaochun’s stomach.

The only things left were feathers and bones covering the floor…

Having finished the Spirit Tailed Chicken, a large portion of Bai Xiao’s great hunger had vanished. He clearly felt that his body had been replenished a bit, and it was filled with warmth, making him feel quite comfortable.

Even the amount of Qi his body contained had improved slightly. The most obvious improvement was that after he finished that chicken, Bai Xiaochun could operate the Unending Longevity Technique for seven to eight cycles of breathing without pause.

Every single breath had brought Bai Xiaochun waves of warmth. It spread all over his body, before gathering on his skin. This made his skin look stronger and tougher, with black lights flashing from time to time. However, if one looked closer, his skin was still as white and tender.

“This Unending Longevity Technique, first with pain, then starvation. It’s indeed not that easy, but its effects are excellent.” said Bai Xiaoxhun as he raised his right arm and pulled out the wooden sword, before carefully touching it with the back of his hand.

When this wooden sword, which had gone through two spirit refinements, touched Bai Xiaochun’s skin, he clearly felt some resistance. He didn’t continue, but he was even more convinced that he should keep cultivating the Unending Longevity Technique.

“According to the Unending Longevity Technique, the impentrable skin is divided into four stages, which are gold, silver, copper and iron; I am currently at the the basic level, but if I breathe like this for eighty-one days…I will gain an initial success on the invincible skin.” murmured Bai Xiaochun while glancing at the chicken bones on the ground. He had already come up with a good plan which could help him achieve the final stage of the invincible-skin.

(ED note: Er Gen is being realistic with the skin rankings. IRL in terms of hardness, gold<silver<copper<iron. Copper could also be TLed as bronze however bronze is harder than iron so we used copper.)

“Fortunately, there are enough Spirit Tailed Chickens on this mountain,” laughed Bai Xiaochun. He was now even more interested in Spirit Tailed Chickens.

He didn’t know that during the past ten-thousand years, quite a lot cultivators had tried cultivating the Unending Longevity Technique. Amongst these people, most had given up because they couldn’t bear the great and terrifying pain during the first eighty-one days, and only a few of them had stuck to it. However, after the first eighty-one days, the difficulty of the technique stemmed from the large consumption of resources.

If he intended to achieve the highest stage of the invincible skin, the amount of materials he needed to consume for his cultivation would be so terrifyingly large, that even an entire sect couldn’t afford it easily. After all, although cultivating other techniques using the same amount of materials couldn’t gain a cultivator an immortal life, it would still be more cost-effective.

This was the biggest reason that this technique had been buried in the bookshelves for years, with no one even sparing it a glance.

Cultivating for a while, Bai Xiaochun cleaned those chicken bones before burying them in his spirit field, together with the chicken feathers.

After that, he walked out of the yard, headed for a place where outer sect disciples congregated, mingled with the crowd, and carefully listened to people’s conversations, trying to find some useful information. With the experiences that he gained in his old village, he understood that he couldn’t steal a chicken everyday, every three to five days would be the best.

Listening to people’s conversation for a while, he hadn’t heard anybody talking abount any missing chickens. Surprisingly though, he learned that the Spirit Tailed Chicken’s tail were fuels of three-coloured flame.

Bai Xiaochun hurriedly rushed back to his yard after hearing this, dug the three-coloured chicken tail feathers out of the spirit soil, held them in his hand and stared at it for quite a while, seemingly thinking of something.

“No wonder these Spirit Tailed Chickens are mass-reared.” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly placed the feathers in his storage pouch. To others, these feathers were nothing more than fuel of three-coloured flame, but to him, these feathers meant three spirit refinements.

He didn’t use them right away. He was planning on saving them till he had spirit medicines, then refine the medicines to improve their effects.

A few days later, Bai Xiaochun, who had quietly stayed at home for a few days started to feel hungry again. This night, he put down the jade tablet of the second volume of herbs and sneaked out again, under the cover of the night. When he returned home, another two Spirit Tailed Chickens had been added to his storage pouch.

As time went by, a month had soon passed. During the past month, gradually, more and more Scented Cloud Mountain’s disciples had heard of the Spirit Tailed Chicken heists.

Even Li Qinghou himself had heard of this. After all, during the last month, the number of lost chickens in all three henneries were in the dozens. However, this didn’t catch too much of his attention, besides, he had to leave the mountain for other affairs, and as a result, he didn’t look into it.

The ones who were angry the most about this were those outer sect disciples, who were responsible for taking care of those chickens. These seven to eight people were not angry because of the lost chickens, after all, those chickens didn’t belong to them, and the elder didn’t blame them for this either. They were angry because they felt humiliated. They couldn’t believe that a thief dared to steal the chickens from right under their noses. Every time they thought about that thief, they would find themselves grinding their teeth.

However, they had absolutely no idea about how to prevent the chickens from being stolen. No matter how hard they tried to guard them, there were always one to two chickens lost every couple of days. What they couldn’t understand the most was how every single chicken was stolen so silently, not a single noticeable sound was made. It was as if those chickens had disappeared into thin air.

As for Bai Xiaochun, his body had fully recovered during the past month, and had even slightly fattened. No matter how much the Unending Longevity Technique exhausted him, he had enough chickens to replenish his body. His face now had a healthy flush, as if he had returned to his happy life from back then.

While happy and full, his efficiency in learning the second volume of herbs was raised. Finally, the day he had thoroughly studied the entire second volume of herbs arrived. After what he had experienced previously, this time he was even more careful in his research. He was now familiar with all of the leaves, stems, roots and even villus. He was confident in his ability to recognize a herb with a single glance, even when it had been split into dozens of parts.

After he felt confident enough, he walked out of his yard in large strides with his head held high and his chest puffed out.

“This time, I’ll let everyone know that I am the turtle who had topped Zhou Xinqi!” Bai Xiaochun rushed towards the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion, his face filled with anticipation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21 - Big Bro Xiaochun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 21 - Big Bro Xiaochun

The Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion was one of the most popular places in Scented Cloud Mountain and was frequented by outer sect disciples almost every day. Part of the reason was the ten stone steles located there, and another was the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion itself. Centred between the steles, outer sect disciples could exchange contribution points and herbs or medicine pills there.

Moreover, on fixed days, this place even had promotional examinations to become Medicine Apprentices where medicine pills that they refined were reclaimed by the sect. Hence, due to various reasons, this place was always noisy.

With the passage of time, the popularity of this place also caused it to become a secondary information center where disciples traded information regarding their experiences. It started from simple discussions about herbalism, then eventually grew to a place where people gossiped and chatted about the events happening within the sect, both big and small.

When Bai Xiaochun arrived at the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion, many outer sect disciples could be seen either walking in and out or chatting with hushed voices in groups of three to five. In front of the surrounding stone steles, many disciples were also lining up to challenge the rankings.

After a long time spent squeezing past the crowds, Bai Xiaochun finally neared the second stele. Just as he was going over to the stele, he noticed the three outer sect disciples in front of him having a conversation, and apparently, it was about Bai Xiaochun himself.

“Did you guys hear? Something weird has been happening recently regarding Elder Li’s spirit tailed chickens. It’s said that more than a hundred of those chickens have disappeared.”

“Not just more than a hundred. From what I have heard, Elder Li might as well have no chickens left. A disciple looking after the chickens has caught the culprit already - the chicken thief is going to be cut into pieces and fed to the chickens. How cruel.”

“First a mysterious turtle appears, then this great chicken thief? What’s with Scented Cloud Mountain these days?”

Bai Xiaochun unconsciously withdrew his neck, feeling guilty. Wasn’t it just some chickens? How did it turn out to be such a big deal? From the looks of it, everyone knew about the chicken disappearances.

And after hearing that the chickens belonged to Elder Li, Bai Xiaochun was even more frightened.

“I didn’t steal that many…” Bai Xiaochun felt wronged, and was thinking of how he could change the Great Chicken Thief’s image when he heard some noise from behind him.

“Little girl! Why the hell are you shoving? Are you in such a rush for your next life?”

“So what if I’m shoving? Get out of here if you’re afraid of a little squeezing, you should be honored that it’s me who’s shoving you.”

“You…”

Bai Xiaochun thought the voice seemed familiar, so he turned around to take a look. It was a lady with soft white skin, her chest was puffed up and a hand was on her hip. She was proudly arguing with a huge man.

“Hou Xiaomei?” Bai Xiaochun blinked.

Upon hearing her name, Hou Xiaomei turned and saw Bai Xiaochun, her expression changing from prideful to surprised.

“Big bro Xiaochun! It’s you!” Hou Xiaomei twisted her hip and hurriedly rushed towards Bai Xiaochun’s direction. Her kind demeanor made it seem like she was warm and pure.

“Ah, Lil’ Sis Xiaomei.” As Bai Xiaochun looked at the energetic girl before him, he thought that she was extremely cute.

“You’re so mean, teasing me and all. Brother Xiaochun, I’m called Hou Xiaomei!” Hearing her words, Bai Xiaochun blushed a little at her innocent cuteness.

When she said this, this girl who was filled with energy from the start became even more alluring, attracting the glances of many of the surrounding outer sect disciples. The big man from before instead felt his his skin covered with goosebumps. He felt that the change in attitude of this girl was too drastic, the shift from anger to happiness was unnatural.

“Big Bro Xiaochun, my brother hasn’t returned from his trip away from the mountain, and it’s my first time here. Where should I go if I want to exchange my first bamboo scroll for the second?” Hou Xiaomei asked. It was indeed her first time here, after all, it had always been her brother who did these things for her. Fortunately, she found Bai Xiaochun just when she didn’t know what to do.

Bai Xiaochun smiled and introduced the basics to her, speaking in precise detail. She kept nodding throughout his explanation and by the time he finished explaining, felt that Bai Xiaochun was not only kind, but was also very knowledgeable.

After explaining the basics, Bai Xiaochun glanced at Hou Xiaomei. Unable to control himself, he raised his right hand and pointed at the first stone stele, putting on an air of nonchalance.

“See that stone stele over there? People who manage to leave their names there are the pride and joy of the entire sect. Anyone whose symbol is on it will attain achievements that will shake the whole world.”

“Forget about everyone else, let me tell you about the person who is in second place. Look at that Aquarius symbol, that’s the pride of our Scented Cloud Mountain - Zhou Xinqi!”

“This symbol shows her talent for herbs, and she has already been taken in as a disciple by an ancestor. She’s destined to become the main sect’s Zhou Mistress!” Hou Xiaomei’s eyes shined brightly as she raised her head to look at the Aquarius symbol, her expression full of respect. She heard Hou Yunfei mention Zhou Xinqi’s name multiple times, which filled her with respect and admiration for Zhou Xinqi. With Bai Xiaochun’s praise, she only felt even more admiration for Zhou Xinqi.

Bai Xiaochun continued acting nonchalant. He stood there for quite a while before realizing that she was still staring at the Aquarius symbol, completely oblivious to the turtle above it. He was instantly irritated. After all, wasn’t the point of his introduction to move onto this topic and discuss the beautifully drawn turtle?

“Hey hey, this Zhou Xinqi is indeed extraordinary to place second on the first stone stele!” He emphasized on the word second, reminding her that there was one more person above her.

Hou Xiaomei perked her head and took a closer look, frowning.

“Second place? Who’s that turtle above her, it sure is an ugly symbol.”

Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun only felt even more irritated. Feeling a strong urge to educate this little girl before him, Bai Xiaochun put on a serious face, and spoke solemnly.

“This is where you’re wrong. Xiaomei, you should know that this beautiful turtle represents the greatest, most mysterious, and most extraordinary disciple of the main sect.”

“There are many rumors about this person. Every time he appears, he would attract cheers and stares from the disciples, envied by all, cheered for by all.”

“Ah?” Being the innocent girl she was, Hou Xiaomei stood there stunned, doubting the words Bai Xiaochun spoke.

“You should know that this guy is a legend born from thin air only two months ago. He snatched away Zhou Xinqi’s first place, shattering her dreams!”

“You should know that this person, after appearing, instantly snatched away first place with great ease.”

“You should know that when Zhou Xinqi witnessed this with her own eyes, she couldn’t sleep for seven days straight. She took the examination multiple times but placed second in all of them. She was completely defeated.”

“You should know, I, Bai Xiaochun… heh.” Bai Xiaochun got more and more excited with every word, almost spitting out the fact that he was the great turtle. He took control of himself, remembering his dream to reveal his identity before a vast audience, and not in front of a single little girl. To achieve that dream, he had to wait.

“Really?” Hou Xiaomei’s eyes shone like stars at night, staring intently at the turtle, her cheeks were red and her face was full of respect once again.

“Of course.” Bai Xiaochun was pleased. He was convinced that he did something good; guiding the lost girl to the right path. With a sense of success, Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeves as he walked to the second stone stele, leaving her behind.

Squeezing past the crowd, he waited for a vacant wooden hut before disappearing into it with proud strides.

The hut was old. Bai Xiaochun sat in front of the stone stele, drawing the turtle once again. His vision blurred as a roaring sound echoed in his ears. He appeared in a familiar imaginary space, but this time, without the ice-cold voice; just endless herb fragments.

Bai Xiaochun was very confident. His eyes shone and his two hands moved with great speed. Within the blink of an eye, he finished assembling the tufts of spirit herbs.

In the time it took for an incense stick to finish burning, less than five thousand fragments were left in front of him. This was a considerably better result than his first examination.

But unfortunately, time was up. His vision blurred and he was once again inside the wooden hut. Even so, he was filled with confidence. Picking up the third scroll, his heart started beating faster in anticipation as he pushed open the doors of the wooden hut.

Looking at the outer sect disciples who were still oblivious of the change in the rankings, Bai Xiaochun felt proud.

“This time I’m going to shock the entire sect. I’ll tell them all that I, Bai Xiaochun, am the great master turtle!” Bai Xiaochun was already picturing the scene of having ten thousand people worshipping him, especially the image of Hou Xiaomei’s shocked face.

While imagining the scene, Bai Xiaochun chuckled a bit, before holding up his right hand to give a big yell, taking the initiative to reveal to everyone that he was that great turtle…

But just then, he heard the outer sect disciples queuing up outside.

“You think that turtle who took Zhou Xinqi’s first place will dare show himself again?”

“Probably not. Zhou Xinqi’s admirers are all over the place looking for him in the entire southern river bank. They’re all so angry, it’s crazy. They even said that they’d skin him alive if they found him.”

“Yeah, I heard that too. Even inner sect disciples are involved.”

Bai Xiaochun had just raised his right hand when he heard these words. His heart skipped a beat, especially when he heard that inner sect disciples were also looking for him. Cold sweat appeared on his forehead as he pulled his hand back to his face, and acted as if nothing happened, before quickly putting it down. He was furious, his face bitter as he sighed. He squeezed into the crowd.

“This is too much, it’s just absurd! All I did was acquire first place, is all of this really necessary? Even inner sect disciples are looking for me.” His expression this time was genuine.

Just as he walked into the crowd, someone noticed the change in the rankings on the second stone stele, and sounds of disbelief filled the air as the news spread throughout the outer sect disciples in the Ten Thousand Medicines Pavilion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22 - Senior Sister, Don’t Worry, !
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 22 - Senior Sister, Don’t Worry, !

“All of you, look at the second stone stele. That small turtle...It has appeared again!”

“First again… Just who is that turtle? That turtle has already attained first place on two consecutive steles!”

“Sister Zhou can’t even hold on to eight different records! It has already dropped to seven!”

The surrounding disciples instantly burst into an uproar as countless exclamations resounded. Amongst the crowd, a particular young girl’s voice cut through the chatter with a loud cheer.

“You can do it, little turtle!”

That girl was Hou Xiaomei. Previously under Bai Xiaochun’s “guidance”, she had already begun to worship this small turtle. At that moment, when she suddenly saw the little turtle appear in the first place on the second stele, her admiration immediately reached its peak. In her heart, the position of the turtle had already been elevated beyond that of Zhou Xinqi.

Waves of heated clamour rose and fell in quick succession. In the end, everyone at the scene exchanged exclamations of surprise. After all, this small turtle was really too famous and at this moment, he was proclaiming that he would continue challenging Zhou Xinqi’s standing through his actions.

Some people had even begun anticipating that perhaps not too long after this, the small turtle would surpass Zhou Xinqi on every one of those ten stone steles.

Bai Xiaochun, who stood within the crowd, could still feel the lingering depression from earlier. But at the same time, there was also a hint of pride secretly swelling inside of him. Only, it was a pity that nobody else knew of his identity.

“Hmph. There will definitely come a day when I reveal myself as the master turtle in a place with more than ten thousand spectators!” Bai Xiaochun swore to himself in his heart.

But even after consoling himself with that promise, he was still unsatisfied, so he also participated in the shouting. From time to time, you could hear his shrill voice leading the loud chatter permeating the surroundings.

“Oh my god, who is he? We should all start worshipping him!”

“The idol of ten thousand people! Master turtle is undefeatable!”

Under the influence of Bai Xiaochun’s strained high-pitched cries, the discussion of the surrounding disciples gradually increased in intensity. It seemed as if waves of loud clamouring would arise once again. But at this moment, a cold ‘hmph’ could be heard. Following that, a person’s figure leapt out from the crowd and landed on a wooden hut.

“Never let me know who this damned turtle is. If I ever find out who you are, I’ll definitely make you regret stealing Junior Sister Zhou’s limelight!” The one who spoke was a young man.He had a dark expression on over his face and his icy-cold voice resonated in all directions.

“That’s right! The turtle should be concealed in the crowd right now. I will definitely find you!” Another voice rose. It belonged to another youth who leapt onto the wooden hut and coldly scanned the crowd. He especially focused on the area around Bai Xiaochun whose shrill voice was very obvious. Although the youth did not believe that Bai Xiaochun was the turtle, his gaze towards Bai Xiaochun was still unkind.

Soon, this type of figures showed up one after another as a total of seven to eight people appeared. Each and every one of them was radiating a powerful cultivation level. Among them, the strongest that appeared actually appeared to be at the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

These people were precisely the leaders of Zhou Xinqi’s fan club. Upon their appearance, the surrounding audience immediately stopped their discussions and gradually fell silent. Only, their hearts remained uncomfortable. The more they looked at these few people, the more they felt disdain for them.

Although the audience supported Zhou Xinqi, this kind of goodwill was ultimately limited to Zhou Xinqi alone. Moreover, everyone was clear on the fact that this kind of event, where a person challenged Zhou Xinqi relying on nothing but his own talents, was worthy of great respect.

When Bai Xiaochun sensed the youth glaring at him, his heart wavered. But because he was surrounded by so many people, he realized that they wouldn’t risk angering the crowd. So, he raised his head and glared right back with a - “Come and beat me if you dare, I’ll fight you to death” - expression on his face.

Just as the atmosphere stiffened, a rainbow streak rapidly closed in from afar. Within this rainbow streak, there was an alluring figure - it was precisely Zhou Xinqi.

“It’s Sister Zhou.”

“Sister Zhou is coming.” The stiff atmosphere on the ground instantly shattered. When those outer sect disciples spotted Zhou Xinqi, they immediately smiled.

Those seven or eight admirers immediately restrained their auras. One by one, they revealed what they considered a relaxed expression as they cupped their hands towards Zhou Xinqi.

The reasons Zhou Xinqi had come here this time was firstly, because she had heard of the rankings on the second stele, and secondly, because of some other matters. When she came closer and scanned the surroundings, she immediately noticed the awkward atmosphere. With another glance, she could instantly guess the reason behind this awkwardness. Gazing towards those seven or eight admirers, a sense of unhappiness and disgust was visible in her eyes.

“Does my, Zhou Xinqi’s business, require inteference from other people? After all, the fact that a prodigious disciple has appeared on my Scented Cloud Mountain is good news for our sect. If something like this happens again, don’t blame me for being impolite to you.” Zhou Xinqi spoke with an icy voice which was as sharp as the edge of a sword. This caused the seven or eight admirers’ faces to instantly pale. Though their countenance was bitter, they dared not say anything.

“This junior Brother who has surpassed me on the first and second stone steles of herbs, perhaps you are in the crowd. If you do not want to show yourself, then dont, you are free to do as you wish.” Zhou Xinqi’s tone was disinterested and infused with a faint sense of arrogance. She raised her head to glance at the small turtle on the second stone stele. Then, once again gazing at the crowd as she tried to suppress the dissatisfaction in her heart.

Upon hearing these words, the surrounding disciples burst into cheers for Zhou Xinqi. Most of them felt that Zhou Xinqi, the one they supported, was their Scented Cloud Mountain’s sole prodigy.

Within the crowd, Bai Xiaochun silently thought that it was no wonder why she was deemed a prodigy. That speech had been delivered beautifully. He had naturally heard the arrogance in the other party’s voice and lamented not showing himself, not because he didn’t want to, but because of Zhou Xinqi’s admirers.

“The reason I have come today is because there is another thing I hope my fellow sect disciples can help me with.” Zhou Xinqi’s expression was serene as she gazed at the audience, her tone bland.

The moment these words left her mouth, the surrounding people instantly became enthusiastic. Their expressions showed that they were attentive, and had all eagerly perked up their ears to listen.

“Recently, things have not been peaceful on the Scented Cloud Mountain. Master Li Qinghou’s Spirit Tailed Chickens have been disappearing in large numbers. Since the respected ancestor is still away, he might not care much for this matter. But as his disciple, I must take responsibility. I hope that everyone can work together to help me catch this chicken thief. If anyone is able to catch the thief, I am willing to reward you with a treasured jade tablet!” As Zhou Xinqi spoke, she retrieved a piece of green jade from her robes. This jade tablet glowed with a soft light and appeared to be extraordinary.

“This object possesses a certain defensive ability. It is something I fortuitously obtained a few years ago.” Zhou Xinqi’s voice resonated. Every disciple at the scene instantly looked towards the piece of jade and soon, an enthusiastic look had appeared on everyone’s faces as they pledged their assistance one after another.

“Don’t worry Sister Zhou! We’ll definitely give that chicken thief no place to hide!”

“To dare to steal the chickens of an ancestor, this chicken thief has some guts. I will definitely be alert when it comes to this matter!” Voices rang out in succession. Soon, everyone in the crowd had promised to help. This was especially the case for Zhou Xinqi’s admirers whose eyes shone with ferocity, their passion-filled voices were resonating in the air.

Bai Xiaochun who stood within the crowd was dumbfounded. When he gazed at the people around him who were so zealous that they seemed to have been injected with chicken blood, he felt a cold chill run down his spine.

But he was unsatisfied! Just thinking about the severe hunger that accompanied cultivation of the Unending Longevity Technique made him feel ill. Sweat accumulated on his forehead. Various ideas flew through his mind before suddenly, his eyes lit up. He cut his way through the crowd and afterwards, he suddenly patted his chest as his voice echoed loudly.

“Sister Zhou, I, Bai Xiaochun will complete your task to catch this chicken thief even if I have to climb a mountain of knives and descend to the bottom of a pot of oil!” His shrill voice gave out his location clearly. He even rushed out of the crowd and stood right in front.

His sudden secession from the crowd instantly drew the attention of the audience. Especially given the thumping noises originating from the violent patting of his chest, this act was enough to put even Zhou Xinqi’s admirers to shame. As a matter of fact, even Zhou Xinqi involuntarily glanced at him.

When she saw the support her fellow sect disciple had for her, Zhou Xinqi’s face broke into a smile and she nodded her head slightly. Just as she was preparing to leave, she once again heard that high-pitched voice penetrate the clamour and ring out.

“Sister Zhou, I have a suggestion. Why don’t we form a small thief-catching team? With cooperative efforts, we can definitely nab that despicable thief and protect our ancestor’s Spirit Tailed Chickens!” Bai Xiaochun’s expression was filled with a sense of justice. His demeanor implied that he would sacrifice everything to accomplish the task set by Sister Zhou.

Zhou Xinqi was momentarily nonplussed. When the surrounding people heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, many of them felt that his idea was not bad. One by one, they voiced their approval.

“That’s also possible. But my main focus is still on cultivation. With regards to this, do what you wish.” Zhou Xinqi nodded her head before looking at Bai Xiaochun once again. She felt that although this disciple looked rather amateurish, he was dressed cleanly and appeared innocent and obedient. Most importantly, his pious support had given her a good impression and she even smiled slightly at Bai Xiaochun.

“Since this kind-hearted disciple has come up with this suggestion, then all of you should form a small team to catch the thief. I have with me ten ribbons that’ll serve as the keepsakes for the representative of this group.” As she spoke, she retrieved ten blue ribbons from her storage pouch. With a gentle wave, these ten ribbons flew towards Bai Xiaochun and landed in his hands.

“Sister Zhou, don’t worry! You can count on me!” Bai Xiaochun puffed out his chest as he held the ribbons tightly. The expression on expression on his face was that of “For the ancestor’s Spirit Tailed Chickens, nothing will stop me, not even a cruel death.”

A hint of praise was revealed in Zhou Xinqi’s eyes. She thought to herself that such responsible little disciples were already few in number. Only after commiting Bai Xiaochun’s obedient appearance to memory did she turn around and leave.

When they saw Zhou Xinqi gaze at Bai Xiaochun with newfound respect, her admirers were all discontent as they regretted that they had not thought of this idea to ingratiate themselves with her.

After Zhou Xinqi left, those disciples in charge of rearing Spirit Tailed Chickens hurriedly walked out and thanked the audience, especially Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun stuck out his chest and harshly denounced the chicken thief. Towards the end, all of the chicken-rearing disciples had been moved. Under Bai Xiaochun’s command, the thief-catching team which consisted of several disciples, whose cultivations were inferior to his, was finally formed.

On his way home, Bai Xiaochun wiped the perspiration from his forehead and heaved a long sigh.

“Just now was really too dangerous! I almost lost all of my future meals. It’s fortunate that I, Bai Xiaochun, am so smart and astute. Heh heh.” When Bai Xiaochun thought of this, he felt proud again. Humming a small tune, he returned to his yard and glanced at the Spirit Winter Bamboos. The speed of growth of these spirit bamboos were terrifying. As of now, they had already grown to almost one zhang tall and were as thick as a person’s calves. Their appearance was quite startling.

(ED note: one zhang is equal to 3.58 meters, or 3.645 yards)

That night, dark clouds smothered the sky and an inky darkness enveloped the surroundings. Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes, awakening from meditation as he licked his lips.

“Under the dark moon and the towering skies, I seem to be hungry once again…”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23 - The Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 23 - The Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil

Late into the night, the Scented Cloud Mountain was enveloped by inky darkness. It was so dark that if one extended their hand, they would not be able to see their fingers. Apart from the wailing winds which swept through the valley, the surroundings were quiet, as though even birds and beasts were afraid to break the silence.

In the inky darkness, Bai Xiaochun took out the ribbon given to him by Zhou Xinqi and tied it to his arm. He nonchalantly walked forward, straight along the small path leading towards the Spirit Tailed chickens’ yard. His shadow was rapidly shifting from one place to another. It wasn’t long before he had passed through the bamboo shrubbery, arriving close to the chickens.

From there, he could see the Spirit Tailed chickens resting in the yard. Still, there were a few which would occasionally wander about, most notably, a certain Spirit Tailed chicken that was heading in his direction.

Bai Xiaochun squatted amidst the shrubbery and licked his lips. After waiting for a short while, when that Spirit Tailed chicken had come closer, he slowly approached the enclosure. Just when he was about to take out his bamboo rod, he was suddenly startled and his eyes turned serious.

At that moment a low bellow suddenly resounded from behind him. Silhouettes appeared one after another, some of them even producing fireballs, brightening the surroundings with blinding light.

“Damned chicken thief! You’ve finally appeared!”

“I’ve waited here for many days and have laid traps all over the place. Let’s see how you’re going to escape!” The bellow resonated in the air. Seven to eight shadows instantly shot towards Bai Xiaochun, surrounding him completely.

These shadows were the disciples in charge of rearing the chickens. They had been painstakingly waiting for numerous days, and never imagined that today, their efforts would actually pay off. Hatred had accumulated deep within their hearts, so every sinlge one of them wanted to execute this chicken thief on the spot.

After hearing their words and seeing their approach, Bai Xiaochun was initially shocked. Then he rolled his eyes, before humphing coldly.

(ED Note: rolled his eyes means that he suddenly thought of an idea.)

“Be quiet! All of you lower your voice!” He unceremoniously spoke with a serious tone. Without even trying to conceal himself, Bai Xiaochun swaggered as he stood up. Then, he purposefully revealed the ribbon tied on his arm.

This sudden and unexpected sight stunned the seven to eight people that were rushing towards him.

“All of you look carefully. I am the leader of the thief-catching group.” Bai Xiaochun furrowed his brows in dissatisfaction as he looked at the people standing in front of him.

Some of the disciples in charge of rearing the chickens had seen Bai Xiaochun before in broad daylight. At that moment, as they inspected him carefully, they started hesitating.

“It’s Junior Brother Bai...It’s already so late. What are you doing here?” Among these disciples, there was one whose face revealed suspicion as he fixed his gaze on Bai Xiaochun. Following this question, the others also cast him suspicious glances.

“Since Sister Zhou has asked me to lead the small group of thief-catchers. I must give it my all to nab this chicken thief. Even if that includes sacrificing my cultivation time, I will still come here in the middle of the night to guard the chickens. But with your shouting, even if there really was a chicken thief here, he would have been scared away.” Bai Xiaochun unhappily spoke with a flourish of his sleeves. He furrowed his brows, looking as though he had spared no efforts towards catching the thief.

The disciples in charge of rearing the chickens glanced at each other before embarrased expressions adorned some of their faces. The disciple who initially questioned Bai Xiaochun also looked a lot less suspicious of him, but still seemed doubtful.

When he saw that the suspicions of the other party had not been fully dispelled, Bai Xiaochun coldly humphed. Without giving the disciples a chance to raise another question, he seized the opportunity to speak first. His voice was filled with dissatisfaction regarding the disciples’ efforts.

“No wonder your Spirit Tailed chickens always go missing. You’re too careless! You’re all waiting here but this fence is already broken!” Bai Xiaochun pointed at the fence behind him. There was indeed some damage on the fence which was hard to notice. It had been Bai Xiaochun himself who broke it when he had tussled with a Spirit Tailed chicken during his first theft.

Hearing his words, the disciples in charge of rearing the chickens looked towards the direction of Bai Xiaochun’s finger one by one. When they inspected closely and noticed the damage on the fence, they were all shocked. Previously, they had never paid too much attention to these kinds of subtle and minor details.

“Also, that Spirit Tailed chicken just ran all the way here! Just how have you been guarding this area?” Bai Xiaochun displayed his displeasure and even raised his voice which caused discomfort to the surrounding disciples.

“According to my observations, this place is the most isolated part of the territory. You should have focused more on guarding this place, but I’ve already been here for quite a while and only now do you guys show up.” The more Bai Xiaochun spoke, the angrier he became. When he finished speaking, he heaved a long sigh.

“If you’re all like this, how are we going to catch the thief? With my thief-catching experience, if I’m guessing correctly, this is the place where you have lost the most chickens.” The moment he said this, the disciples in charge of rearing the chickens were all dumbfounded. They looked at each other and saw shock in each others’ eyes. According to their knowledge, this was precisely the spot where the largesst number of chickens had disappeared.

This was why they had chosen to guard this place. Bai Xiaochun had actually unravelled their entire plan at first glance. As they looked towards Bai Xiaochun, their gazes now exposed a sliver of respect.

Even the disciple who was previously suspicious had been humbled. He thought about Bai Xiaochun sacrificing his training time to help them catch the thief, as well as the eagerness to help he had displayed during the day. Then, he quickly sucked in a breath and cupped his hands before bowing deeply.

“Junior Brother Bai, please do not take our actions to heart. We are sincerely grateful for your generous assistance. We will definitely repair this fence as soon as possible, and from now on, we will definitely guard this place more carefully!”

One by one, the other disciples also cupped their hands. From the bottom of their hearts, they truly felt that Bai Xiaochun’s kindness was rare and precious, and that he was truly trying his best to assist them. They felt even more apologetic for their thoughtless behaviour earlier.

Bai Xiaochun humphed lightly before he gave a few more detailed instructions. Only then did he walk away. Behind him, those seven to eight disciples bowed again. As they looked at Bai Xiaochun, they had already been moved by Bai Xiaochun’s compassion.

“Junior Brother Bai is a good person!”

Just as Bai Xiaochun exited this piece of territory, a gust of wind blew past and he felt a chill run down his spine. In his heart, he silently exclaimed that the situation just now had been too dangerous. However, his stomach was still hungry. After some thought, he decided to try his luck in other places.

As he walked along the small path, Bai Xiaochun glanced around with a grave expression. In his heart, he contemplated how he should steal chickens from the next place.

Suddenly, with a gust of wind, the ribbon on his arm was blown far away. At the same time, there was a feminine figure floating in midair in the inky night sky, her presence concealed from passers-by. The girl was standing on a blue damask overlooking the entire Scented Cloud Mountain, suddenly she had a change of expression when she noticed Bai Xiaochun looking about. Slowly, the respect in her gaze increased.

“This junior disciple is truly a sincere and responsible person.” This girl was naturally Zhou Xinqi. She had already investigated all the territories. In the beginning, there had still been people patrolling about, but as night fell, most had left to complete their own training. Only this Bai Xiaochun had really gone out in earnest search for the thief.

“With him being here, the chicken thief’s actions will certainly be heavily restricted.” Zhou Xinqi looked away. With her heart now set at ease, she flew back towards her cave.

After some time, Bai Xiaochun had circled around and returned to his own yard. With a pat of his storage pouch, two Spirit Tailed chickens appeared. Chuckling to himself, he plucked and cleansed the chickens before throwing them into a pot. Soon, an aroma floated outwards, causing Bai Xiaochun to swallow a mouthful of saliva. He didn’t even care that the food was still burning hot as he began to shove it into his mouth ravenously.

Finally, with a burp, he patted his stomach and lay beside the pot. On his face, a look of elation could be seen.

Soon, a month had passed. In this month, Bai Xiaochun had been rather dilligent. His shadow could often be seen in various chicken-rearing places during the night.

But even so, chickens continued dissapearing. It was as though their opponent came without a shadow and left without a trace, mysterious and unpredictable. The disciples in charge of rearing the chickens increasingly felt like they were losing face so they spared no efforts and swore numerous times that they would definitely catch the chicken thief.

They depended on Bai Xiaochun who seemed to be even more dutiful than they were. He had tenaciously guarded the territory, as though he would never rest until he had caught the thief. He even went as far as guarding the area for a consecutive four days and nights.

This kind of persistence and determination seemed to have acted as a strong deterrent since the chicken thefts had vastly decreased. However, they still did not disappeared completely. The Spirit Tailed chickens’ population of the Scented Cloud Mountain had already dwindled to less than half. Not many were left, and most of them were immature chicks.

In the end, even the disciples in charge of rearing the chickens sighed at their incompetence. They constantly lamented that if all the disciples of the thief-catching group were like Junior Brother Bai, then they would definitely catch the chicken thief.

Zhou Xinqi was also getting worried. One afternoon, Bai Xiaochun was sitting cross-legged in the chicken coop, vigilantly observing his surroundings, when a streak of blue damask suddenly came closer and Zhou Xinqi’s figure appeared.

“Sister Zhou.” When Bai Xiaochun saw her, he stood up and obediently greeted her.

“Junior Brother Bai has worked hard.” Zhou Xinqi’s beautiful eyes looked towards Bai Xiaochun as a smile appeared on her face.

Soon, the other disciples in this area had all hurried over, clustering around Zhou Xinqi. Bai Xiaochun was also among the crowd.

“Thank you very much for your help over these past few days. I appreciate your efforts but the thief remains impudent. In the following days, I have decided to guard this place together with you.” Zhou Xinqi said softly. After scouring the surrounding area again, she furrowed her brows.

“Perhaps this chicken thief has a history with Master? After all, the other mountains have Spirit Tailed Chickens too, but he solely targets my master’s!”

Upon hearing this, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes lit up and he almost slapped his thigh. The expression on his face showed complete agreement with her words, it was as if those words were very reasonable and he himself had reached the same conclusion.

In the next moment, Bai Xiaochun’s line of sight involuntarily shifted towards the Purple Cauldron Mountain in the distance. His eyes slowly narrowed, hiding the cunning glint deep within his gaze.

The moment Zhou Xinqi had come here, the surroundings had quickly been filled with numerous admirers, causing the entire chicken-rearing territory of the Scented Cloud Mountain to be filled with a sea of people.

Apparently, the chicken thief could no longer find a way to steal. So in the following days, there was not a single Spirit Tailed chicken which had gone missing.

Even so, this incident of the mysterious chicken thief had already become well-known, and the person behind it had long been named “The Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil” as it circulated among the disciples. Some people had even compared this thief to the small turtle as they became two of the most mysterious people of Scented Cloud Mountain. Even the outer sect disciples of the Green Peak Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain had also heard of them.

When she noticed that the chicken thief disappeared, Zhou Xinqi was pleased. Although they did not manage to catch the thief, she remembered Bai Xiaochun’s earnest efforts throughout this period of time. In the end, she had ordered people to bring the jade tablet to him as a reward.

(ED Note: period of time is just over a month)

The matter had finally come to a close. Furthermore, Bai Xiaochun’s tenacity and sincerity had caused plenty of outer sect disciples to remember this pure, tidy, obedient and incredibly compassionate Brother.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24 - Who are you?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 24 - Who are you?

In his yard within the Scented Cloud Mountain, Bai Xiaochun was looking at the jade tablet in his hand. With a shift of the Qi inside his body, the jade tablet immediately radiated a soft green light that enveloped his entire body.

Bai Xiaochun made a couple of signs with his left hand and a wooden sword instantly flew out. After it flew in a large circle, it shot straight back towards Bai Xiaochun. However, the moment it touched the cyan light, it suddenly slowed down as though it had been submerged in water.

“My precious!” Bai Xiaochun muttered to himself. His expression was a little embarrassed as he put away his wooden sword and held onto the jade tablet.

“Nah, it’ll be fine. Li Qinghou might be Zhou Xinqi’s master, but he’s my guide on the path to immortality. According to this relationship, I should, by rights, call him uncle. I should be much closer to him than Zhou Xinqi.” Bai Xiaochun coughed. He put the jade tablet away and stood there as he stretched lazily.

By the time he ate most of Li Qinghou’s spirit tailed chickens, his Unending Longevity Technique had been improved greatly. Currently, it was already seventy percent completed. However, the spirit tailed chickens’ meat only helped in boosting his body’s vitality but not his Qi. Although his cultivation was still at the fourth level of Qi Condensation, his condensation technique had become more profound, as though it had been thoroughly compressed.

As for the chicken bones, he had buried them all in the spirit field. By now, the whole field’s spirit soil had been infused with extremely rich Qi. In fact, it was already overkill to the extent that the Spirit Winter Bamboo planted there had already grown to over two zhang tall. Furthermore, its trunk which was bright green color had already started to darken.

(TL note: one zhang is equal to 3.58 meters, or 3.645 yards)

As for all the important three-coloured flame spirit tails, Bai Xiaochun already had several hundred. Upon thinking about the fact that these tails, when burnt, would produce three-coloured flames, Bai Xiaochun’s heart would be filled with anticipation..

"There’s no rush to train in my cultivation. As long as I have enough medicine pills that I can refine thrice with three-coloured flames, the speed at which my level rises will be comparable to the speed of light. Successfully taking small steps is firmer and safer.” Just as Bai Xiaochun thought about this, his belly suddenly growled. He glanced towards the chicken-rearing yards in Scented Cloud Mountain but soon shifted his gaze to the Purple Cauldron Mountain in the distance.

“First Brother is in Purple Cauldron Mountain, I wonder how he’s doing right now.” Bai Xiaochun sank into reminiscence as he recalled everything that had happened during his time in the Burning Stoves Kitchen. He stood up, walked out of the yard, headed down the mountain and rushed straight towards the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

There were three mountains on the south bank of the Spirit River Sect. The Green Peak Mountain focused mainly on sword manipulation, the Scented Cloud Mountain excelled at creating spirit medicine, while the Purple Cauldron Mountain was famous for its techniques and spirit refinements. All of the basic techniques as well as the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique originated from the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

Bai Xiaochun walked along the small road that went through the sect. He arrived at the foot of Purple Cauldron Mountain at dusk. As he looked up at the Purple Cauldron Mountain swathed in clouds and mist, he saw several figures as small as black dots floating in the sky turn into streaks of rainbow-coloured lights. As he watched those figures, complex emotions filled his mind.

"I don’t know when it’ll be that I too will be able to fly. Only when I have mastered this can I explore the vast outside world and truly consider myself as having stepped onto the path of immortality." Bai Xiaochun’s eyes revealed anticipation as he climbed up the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

Even though he was not a disciple of the Purple Cauldron Mountain, as an outer sect disciple, he was still qualified to enter all the mountains. On his way up the mountain, he asked everyone he met for the location of Zhang Dahai’s house. Because his face was filled with an angelic innocence that easily endeared people to him, it didn’t take long for him to find out the place where Zhang Dahai was living. Following the directions that was given to him, he quickly arrived at his destination.

(ED: for those of you who can’t remember, Zhang Dahai is Zhang Fatso One’s name)

Unlike his yard on Scented Cloud Mountain, Zhang Fatso One’s house was located on the sun-facing slope of the mountain peak. The Qi there was evidently richer and only a few houses were built there. One next to the other, all the lofts there looked like a sky ornately decorated with stars, seemingly in some sort of a pattern.

As dusk arrived, it was getting dimmer, but the surroundings wrapped by thin clouds and mist were still visible. Coupled with the spirit plants that were growing everywhere, it looked like a fairy’s land.

"First Brother must have some great backing to actually be able to live in such a place. It’s so much better than mine.” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath of the surrounding Qi as an envious expression was written on his face.

After searching for a while, he finally found the Zhang Fatso One’s house. When he saw that the yard inside was overgrown with weeds and seemed like it had been neglected for a long time, Bai Xiaochun was momentarily confused, then he knocked on the gate. But even after waiting for a while, nobody responded.

"Did I make a mistake?" Just as Bai Xiaochun was wondering about this, within the yard, the main gate of the loft creaked open. A man with skinny figure and a flying sword in his hand came out. A silver glow on his left hand dimmed as he walked out wearily. In the next moment, an even voice resounded.

"Who is it?!" Just then, the skinny man’s body suddenly jerked when he saw Bai Xiaochun across the yard. His face instantly revealed a surprised glee, as though he had spotted a dear family member. He jumped up quickly and pulled open the door. As he gazed at Bai Xiaochun, he began to laugh loudly.

"Ninth Brother!"

"Who are you?" Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes widely as he immediately

retreated a few steps. He felt like he vaguely recognised this guy standing in front of him, but why was it that he looked so unfamiliar?

The person’s appearance was ordinary and his body was as thin as a stick. It couldn’t be called skin and bones yet but it was almost at that level. Even though his eyes were bright, his sockets were deeply hollowed. As waves of Qi radiated from his body, it seemed like he had already reached the peak of the fourth level Qi Condensation.

"Fatso Nine, I am Fatso One!" When the skinny young man saw Bai Xiaochun, he felt like weeping but no tears came out. As he continued speaking, intense indignation and grief were exposed on his face.

"Fatso Nine, you can’t imagine how much suffering I’ve undergone this year! My master has been very harsh to me! The first time she saw me, she told me that she didn’t like fatsos and willingly starved me for half a year!”

"Half a year already, Fatso Nine! Do you know what that half a year did to me? What you’re seeing now is the outcome of having spent a long time to recover my body.” It was true. This skinny young man was indeed Zhang Fatso One. By the time he finished speaking, his tears had already flowed out.

"You must have some enmity with your master, right?" Bai Xiaochun looked sympathetically at Zhang Fatso One.

"That old bitch, I…..." Zhang Fatso One grinded his teeth in anger, but after a few words, he stopped and shuddered, not daring to continue. He pulled Bai Xiaochun into the yard.

"Ninth Brother, I miss the Burning Stoves Kitchen. This place is really not suitable for people to live. From the day that I arrived here, I haven’t eaten a single fulfilling meal and haven’t earned a single coin. I’m starving!" Zhang Fatso One was so full of grievances that he couldn’t help but pull on Bai Xiaochun’s hand and tell him of all the pain and suffering he had endured from the moment he had first arrived on the mountain till now.

Bai Xiaochun carefully listened to the other party’s ordeals. Compared to Zhang Fatso One, he suddenly thought that he was absolutely correct in his decision to steal those spirit tailed chickens. He couldn’t help but sigh whenever he looked at the skinny body of Zhang Fatso One. Bai Xiaochun could only grimace as he patted Zhang Fatso One’s bony shoulder.

“With First Brother in trouble, I, your junior brother, will naturally help you. I’ll be back in the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.” As Bai Xiaochun finished his words, he immediately turned around and left the yard, leaving Zhang Fatso One standing in a daze. Before Bai Xiaochun went up the mountain, he had already noticed and memorised the locations of several chicken coops on Purple Cauldron Mountain. In the darkness of the night, his figure soon disappeared.

Zhang Fatso One didn’t understand what was happening and he didn’t know where Bai Xiaochun had gone. The only thing that he could do was to wait at the door. But before the time it took for a stick of incense to burn had passed, Bai Xiaochun crept back with two spirit tailed chickens in his hand.

The moment he saw the spirit tailed chickens, Zhang Fatso One immediately widened his eyes. Before he could open his mouth and say anything, Bai Xiaochun grabbed him by the arm and pulled him inside the yard. Leaving Zhang Fatso One aside, Bai Xiaochun skillfully took out a pot, boiled some water, then plucked and cleansed the chickens. Finally, he just dropped the chickens inside the pot before he flourished his sleeves, raised his chin, and looked up at Zhang Fatso One.

Zhang Fatso One pointed at the chickens inside the pot and then pointed towards Bai Xiaochun.

“ You… you…heavens! Could it be that you’re the Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil from the Scented Cloud Mountain?!”

A laugh rang out from Bai Xiaochun while he lifted his right hand skillfully and pressed on the pot. At this time, rich streams of Qi roiled around, cooking the chicken meat inside even faster. Soon, when waves of aroma wafted out, Bai Xiaochun grabbed a drumstick and dropped it in front of Zhang Fatso One.

“Try it!” Bai Xiaochun proudly said. His expression was the same as the look Zhang Fatso had when he had held the hundred-year ginseng at the Burning Stoves Kitchen during the time Bai Xiaochun had first arrived there.

Zhang Fatso One’s mouth was watering. He stared at the chicken drumstick, before grabbing it and swallowing it whole. Without saying anything to Bai Xiaochun, he instantly rushed towards the big pot and nearly submerged his whole face inside it. The two of them ate those two chickens very quickly. Reluctant to waste the slightest bit, even the bones were consumed. In the end, they had even cleaned up the broth that was left.

At the end, Zhang Fatso One pat his stomach contentedly and laid down with a delighted expression. He and Bai Xiaochun looked at each other for a good while before they both burst into laughter.

“That was awesome, Fatso Nine. In the Burning Stoves Kitchen, you are the one with the craziest ideas. But I could have never guessed that the infamous Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil would turn out to be you, my Brother.” Zhang Fatso One said with a prideful expression as if he were ennobled by it as well.

“Cultivation has always been an act of defiance against nature. For junior cultivators like us who oppose the heavens, we need to rely on each other. Mere spirit tailed chickens are nothing compared with our combined might.” Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeves, unable to hide his pride and complacency. His identity had been kept secret for a long time and he was happy to finally share it with someone. He thought of himself as extremely cool when he saw Zhang Fatso One’s expression.

"It's just a pity that all of those spirit tailed chickens in Scented Cloud Mountain have nearly been depleted by me. The ones who are left are too young to eat, unpalatable. Otherwise you could come live with me and I would take good care of you. I’ll definitely find you something to help you get fat again.” Bai Xiaochun said with a sigh.

As Zhang Fatso One heard this, his eyes quickly brightened and he got up immediately.

"There are also spirit tailed chickens on the west, south and north of the Purple Cauldron Mountain. But there are disciples who take turns keeping watch. Two shifts a day, and each shift has seven people.” Zhang Fatso One quickly opened his mouth and provided extremely detailed information. As he did, he discovered that Bai Xiaochun was looking at him with a surprised look. Then he intentionally made a dry cough to let him finish his words.

“After hearing of the Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil, I was planning to learn from him. But these spirit tailed chickens are too alert to catch. Everytime I get close to them, they start crowing. As a result, I had no success and nearly got caught instead.” Zhang Fatso One said with a little embarrassed.

Bai Xiaochun went wild with joy and leaned closer to Zhang Fatso One. Then two people started plotting, causing Zhang Fatso One’s eyes to glow brighter and brighter. At this moment, he was already breathing heavily. A few moments later, the two people were beaming with joy as they laughed.

In the deep dark night, ghastly sounding laughter echoed from the yard.

Since that day, Bai Xiaochun simply moved in together with Zhang Fatso One. The spirit tailed chickens of Purple Cauldron Mountain started disappearing one after the other.

When night came, the two chicken thieves would come out, one stealing and one keeping watch. Disciples on the Purple Cauldron Mountain soon burst into an uproar with everybody talking about the recent events.

“Did you hear that Purple Cauldron Mountain has been targeted by the Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil from Scented Cloud Mountain?”

“I saw it with my own eyes. The Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil is not a single person. It is two!”

When this information spread throughout the whole Scented Cloud Mountain, all of the outer sect disciples couldn’t help but take a deep breath and watch the Purple Cauldron Mountain with pity in their eyes.

“Finally, this Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil is going to play fairly. Thank god, Scented Cloud Mountain will no longer be his only target.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25 - Impenetrable Iron Skin!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 25 - Impenetrable Iron Skin!

After a month, there were still rumors. Even the ancestor of Purple Cauldron Mountain, Xu Mei, the old woman Zhang Fatso One claimed to be his master, had heard about it. At this point, Bai Xiaochun and Zhang Fatso One had no choice but to leave Purple Cauldron Mountain. Following Zhang Fatso One’s suggestion, they went to Third Sister Black to rescue her.

(ED Note: Black Fatso Three has been changed to Third Sister Black after Bai Xiaochun learned of her gender.)

And so, the two headed for Green Peak Mountain.

Black Sister Three had thinned down a bit. It wasn’t very obvious, but her body had started showing some slight curves, which stunned Bai Xiaochun and Zhang Fatso One. At that moment, the duo could barely recognize her. Even that dark face of hers now had some grace to it, if she lost all her fat, Black Sister Three would definitely be a beauty.

Merely hearing the cry of a Spirit Tailed Chicken caused Third Sister Black’s eyes to light up.

From that moment onwards, Green Peak Mountain’s Spirit Tailed Chickens started going missing.

At the moment, the name of the Mad Chicken-Stealing Devil had spread far and wide. All of the outer sect disciple knew about it, even the handymen did.

But before long, just when the elders started taking notice, the great thief suddenly vanished, never appearing again. Black Sister Three and Zhang Fatso One were both recovering, and though they were unable to go back to their former glory, they had grown a lot stronger.

On the other hand, Bai Xiaochun had finally completed the eighty-one day circulation. His hunger wasn’t as intense as before, so the three refrained from stealing any more chickens.

The eighty-one cycles of the Unending Longevity Technique were not completed in one go. Instead, it was accumulated overtime, however, the result was exactly the same.

On that day, Bai Xiaochun’s skin gained a metallic luster as he stood in the courtyard. His eyes burned with tenacity as black light shone from his body, emitting a strong aura.

Eighty-one days of pain, eighty-one days of hunger. At that moment, everything culminated into the birth of an overwhelming power that continuously bursted from within his body.

Each burst held immeasurable vitality that merged with Bai Xiaochun’s skin, enhancing the metallic color and black light. His skin rapidly hardened as the black light increased in intensity.

If an outsider were to see him standing there, he would mistake him for a metal statue instead of a human made of flesh and blood.

By the nineteenth burst, his mind was already trembling, yet the bursts showed no signs of stopping.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t move an inch, barely even breathing. If one were to take a closer look at him, they would discover that his pores were ceaselessly expanding and contracting, condensing the energy of the sky and earth.

“After the eighty-first burst, I’ll have an impenetrable skin. I’ll enter the world of metallic skin!” The formula appeared in his mind as he stared forward. All the efforts during the past year, all the starvation and all the excruciating pain he had endured, all of it was for these final bursts.

FWOOM!

The Qi inside him exploded once more, the metallic color of his skin became deeper as Qi spread to every inch of his body, tempering it in the process.

The Bai Xiaochun now was like a weapon of the gods. The bursts were like the booming strikes of a forging hammer that clanged inside him twenty, thirty, forty, forty-eight times…

Three days had passed. Bai Xiaochun still stood there, the surroundings tranquil and peaceful. The outside was quiet, but in his ears, Bai Xiaochun could hear the roaring thunder-like explosions from inside his body.

When his Qi burst for the forty-ninth time, the force of the impact amplified. His body shook as thin cracks formed on his skin, and it seemed like he was unable to withstand the bursts any longer.

“As expected, an unfortunate situation has arisen…” Bai Xiaochun frowned. He had once read that during the impenetrable-skin-tempering, cracks would inevitably appear. The longer the person could endure the bursts, the stronger the skin would become once the tempering stopped.

Even if Bai Xiaochun didn’t continue struggling, the impenetrable-skin-tempering would still be successful. However, he wanted it to be as perfect as possible. If he could endure a complete eighty-one Qi bursts, the resulting skin would be utterly flawless.

Closing his eyes, Bai Xiaochun continued to endure the bursts as they spread throughout his whole body. Fifty, sixty, seventy… With a single breath, Bai Xiaochun lasted for five more days. At which point, the Qi bursts numbered in the seventies.

The cracks on his skin had spread over his entire body, and a lot of them had even connected in various parts of his body. His body was like a shattered vase glued together.

It seemed as if it could shatter at any time.

“Seven more left!”

With bloodshot eyes, Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth under rapid breaths.

Seventy-four!

Seventy-seven!

Seventy-nine!

Bai Xiaochun raised his head up to the sky and roared. It wasn’t loud, but it helped his trembling body survive one more Qi burst, finally reaching the eightieth Qi burst..

Qi rapidly flowed into his skin, cracking it to a shocking degree. Though his skin was filled with cracks, it still looked like it was made of metal.

“Last one!” Bai Xiaochun did not want to give up. As the last Qi burst was released, he raised his right arm and viciously slammed it on the ground.

The smash formed a deep pit as the final Qi burst ended. An immense quantity of Qi flowed into his body as the cracks which completely covered his body vanished along with the black light, leaving pure, white and glossy skin. However, this seemingly normal skin had already achieved unbelievable toughness.

After a long while, Bai Xiaochun raised his head as he breathed heavily. He looked at the pit which his fist made, and then he looked at his skin. He laughed, excited.

Lifting his right hand, he pulled out his wooden sword and shot it at his arm. Upon contact, an astonishing “clang” echoed as the sword was reflected. On the contrary, his arm felt nothing more than a mosquito’s bite, it was completely uninjured.

“Impenetrable skin!” Bai Xiaochun was unable to control his excitement. He knew the sword wasn’t a very good one, and its material was very common. However, it was refined twice, and the power that came with those refinements made it comparable to a higher quality sword. Even so, it did not hurt him in the slightest.

With a swing of his body, Bai Xiaochun shot out with all of his strength, his surroundings quickly disappearing far behind him. In the next instance, he had appeared a great distance away. This speed was multiple times faster than before.

As for strength, Bai Xiaochun knew what level he was at when he looked at the hole his fist had made. Right now, his body was essentially a new one.

“Only this type of defensive power is capable of aiding me on my path to immortality.” Bai Xiaochun was very pleased. Looking at his cultivation, he had already reached the peak of fourth level of Qi Condensation.

It wasn’t merely the fourth level of Qi Condensation. After the suppression of his inner Qi, the quality of the Qi inside him was not something a cultivator of the same level could compare with.

He was very pleased. Walking back and forth in the courtyard for a while, he finally stopped and stood completely still. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened as he raised his right hand, arranging his thumb and index finger together to form a half-mouth shape. He squeezed the two fingers together and black light shone from within them. There was nothing in front of him, yet cracking sounds could be heard.

He repeated this action again, and this time, he aimed at a boulder. Black light shone as he pinched, destroying the boulder as if it was tofu.

He turned around and did the pinching motion once more on one of the bamboo shrubberies that had grown quite tall. Choosing the sturdiest of the bamboos, he once again pinched, shattering it in the process.

This scene made even Bai Xiaochun himself fall down as he took a deep breath. Looking down at his two fingers as the black light dissipated, he exhaled.

“So this is the throat-crushing grasp…” Bai Xiaochun mumbled to himself. This was one of the mystical abilities of the Unending Longevity Technique that could only be brought out from the impenetrable-skin-tempering.

Bai Xiaochun had only used half of his strength just now. He couldn’t even imagine its terrible destructiveness should he not hold back.

For Bai Xiaochun, this mystical ability was a lethal weapon. He silently contemplated for a while, realizing the viciousness of this ability. After much contemplation, he still continued to train in it. Within the courtyard, his figure could be seen dashing about, sometimes accompanied by a black light and cracking sounds.

Half a year had passed, Bai Xiaochun had not left the courtyard even once. He was constantly training. While ceaselessly training, Bai Xiaochun was of course oblivious that Li Qinghou has finally returned to the peak of Scented Cloud Mountain after being away for months, flying in a rainbow streak of light.

Before Li Qinghou even had the chance to rest, two more rainbows came from Green Peak Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain, all towards the peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain, searching for Li Qinghou. In one of the rainbows, the form of an old man could be seen. His body had an intimidating aura special to cultivators at the Foundation Establishment.

As for the other rainbow, a woman born with a natural allure could be seen. She was beautiful, but on her face, a complex mix of emotions could be found. It was complex since she seemed to be sad and happy at the same time.

These two were the ancestors of Green Peak Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain. The two conversed with Li Qinghou privately before leaving. At the peak, Li Qinghou sat there rubbing his forehead, sweeping his eyes over the chicken coops. After realizing that only chicks were left, he didn’t know whether he should be laughing or crying. With a sigh, he threw back his sleeves, left the hall, headed down the mountain road…

Straight towards Bai Xiaochun’s courtyard...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26 - Does the Spirit Tailed chicken taste good?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 26 - Does the Spirit Tailed chicken taste good?

Although Li Qinghou had never been to Bai Xiaochun’s cabin, he had always kept him in a corner of his mind. He kept walking down the mountain trail as he noticed the surroundings gradually grow desolate. Soon, a courtyard showed up in front of him.

Before even arriving, he noticed a white and tender figure on the trail from afar. That figure was holding a charred piece of meat, and taking a bite from it while walking. The person seemed to be eating quite happily, even humming a melodious tune.

Li Qinghou’s face instantly darkened. With a single glance, he recognized the piece of meat concealed in the person’s hand to be a chicken leg. He couldn’t help but explode in anger.

“Bai Xiaochun!”

His shout was not loud at all. However, it seemed like roaring thunder once it had reached Bai Xiaochun’s ears. After hearing the shout, Bai Xiaochun, who was sucking on the chicken bone, nearly jumped in fright.

“Elder Li!”

Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes and gulped. He subconsciously shoved the entire chicken leg into his mouth. With his mouth just like a ball, he chewed hard a couple times before swallowing the chicken leg whole, his face turning purple as he choked on it.

The person whom he was afraid of the most in the sect was Li Qinghou. Especially after he had eaten so many of his chickens, Bai Xiaochun was now even more tense in front of Li Qinghou. As sweat gushed out of his forehead, he quickly wiped it off with his sleeve then hurriedly approached Li Qinghou, made a nice and cute face, and greeted him.

“Esteemed ancestor.”

Li Qinghou stared at Bai Xiaochun without any expression. Looking at Bai Xiaochun, Li Qinghou really felt helpless. Bai Xiaochun’s ancestors had helped him once, and Li Qinghou greatly valued their kindness. Looking back, what they had done was only a small favor, however, he had always felt indebted to them.

A while ago, the ancestors of the Green Peak Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain came and spoke with him about the disappearance of the Spirit Tailed chickens. Although these chickens weren’t particularly valuable, he didn’t want the others to criticize his own disciples. Therefore, he had compensated the other ancestors.

Looking at Bai Xiaochun now, Li Qinghou felt more exasperated by Bai Xiaochun’s failure to improve his attitude.

“Barely half a year has passed since you became an outer sect disciple, yet you have already improved your Qi Condensation from third-level to fourth-level, you should be quite proud of yourself.” said Li Qinghou with a snort.

Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes and coughed dryly, unsure of how to respond. He could only keep up the nice and cute face, thinking that as long as he kept showing a good attitude, he would certainly be fine. But then he remembered how moments earlier, he had been holding one of Li Qinghou’s Spirit Tailed chicken’s leg. Sweat immediately surfaced on his forehead once again.

Li Qinghou felt a headache just by looking at Bai Xiaochun. Thinking for a moment, he continued in a flat voice, “Since you have so much time to do all this nonsense, you should join the small competition held amongst the Scented Cloud Mountain’s outer sect disciples, who have reached fourth to fifth level of Qi Condensation, three months from now.”

Bai Xiaochun’s heart raced as soon as Li Qinghou let the sentence out. He had heard about this kind of small competitions. He knew that although the winners could win prizes, it was also said that the fights were ferocious and the competitors could easily get hurt. Thinking about this, his cheeks instantly turned sour.

“Esteemed ancestor, I’m only in the fourth level of Qi Condensation, how could you send me to compete against them, what if they beat me to death…”

“In this competition, you must get into the top five, otherwise, I will get you…” said Li Qinghou with a harsh look, disregarding Bai Xiaochun’s words. Before he finished his speech, Bai Xiaochun let out a long sigh.

“I know, you will kick me out of the sect…”

Li Qinghou glared at Bai Xiaochun. He knew that Bai Xiaochun was stubborn and unruly. Perhaps threatening him with expulsion wasn’t enough to spook him anymore. He then thought how this kid was very afraid of death. With this thought in mind, he abruptly raised his right arm, pulled Bai Xiaochun closer with a wave of his sleeve, and they both flew straight towards the mountaintop.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was racing. He stared at Li Qinghou's expressionless face, feeling that something bad was about to happen. In the middle of the air, he could feel gales blowing right against his face. Before he could even see clearly, Li Qinghou had brought him to the back of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

This was considered as a forbidden area of the Scented Cloud Mountain since it was filled with all kinds of plants. Normally, none of the disciples were allowed here.

Once they landed on the ground, Li Qinghou grabbed Bai Xiaochun and darted towards a valley in the back of the mountain. A frosty atmosphere immediately attacked Bai Xiaochun after they entered. The colors of the surrounding plants could barely be distinguished as they swung from Li Qinghou’s movements.

Looking at those plants, Bai Xiaochun’s heart heavily pounded. Sensing danger, he opened his mouth to say something, but in the next moment, he suddenly noticed a blood-red venomous snake which slowly raised its head from a brushwood and thrusted out its forked tongue, staring at him coldly.

“Snake!” yelled Bai Xiaochun as his scalp turned numb. Right after which, along with Li Qinghou’s advance, the entire valley entered Bai Xiaochun’s sight. He immediately noticed that the ground of the valley, as well as all the branches and brushes, were filled with all kinds of snakes.

Red and blue, all of these snakes were in bright vivid colors, clearly indicating that they were all venomous. Every single one of them thrusted their forked tongues out and coldly stared at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun trembled. He had been afraid of snakes since he was little. Even more frightening was that many of those snakes opened their jaws and exposed their venomous fangs, showing signs of aggression. A few of them even started to spew venom.

However, Bai Xiaochun quickly remembered that he had the impenetrable skin which these venomous snakes shouldn’t be able to break through. Thinking of this, he suddenly felt that no matter how many snakes this valley had, they would all be as weak as a chicken in front of him. In his mind, he told himself that there was nothing to be afraid of.

But then he rolled his eyes, realizing that if he acted fearlessly, Li Qinghou might take him to somewhere even more dangerous, therefore, he immediately let out a high-pitched scream, pretending to freak out.

Li Qinghou snorted with scorn then released his power. Those snakes instantly wriggled their bodies and slowly moved away, opening up a trail. At the end of the trail, a dark cave constantly emitting an odor capable of making people sick could be seen.

“Uncle Li…You…help! I have never violated any rule!” yelled Bai Xiaochun with a trembling voice. Li Qinghou remained expressionless as he grabbed Bai Xiaochun and rushed straight towards the cave. After they entered the cave, Li Qinghou waved his sleeve, and the inside of the cave instantly lit up.

With this light, Bai Xiaochun quickly noticed that inside the cave, there were even more venomous snakes than outside. Every one of these snakes were bigger than those outside. These snakes let out hissing sounds, which seemed to contain some kind of mysterious power, that could make people temporarily stunned. Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes.

A strong sense of danger made him unable to breathe. Even more astonishing was that these snakes had power similar to cultivators. In the distance, he even saw a four-coloured venomous snake with Qi that was equivalent to the fifth level of Qi Condensation.

Being stared at by this snake, Bai Xiaochun felt chills run down his spine. He realized that even his impenetrable skin wouldn’t last too long in this place. This time, without pretending, he really freaked out.

“This place is called Ten Thousand Snakes Valley. It is where our cultivators acquire toxins. Every single one of these snakes is highly toxic and a single drop of venom from any of them can easily kill a hundred cows.” said Li Qinghou.

“Without a timely rescue, cultivators below Foundation Establishment would be poisoned to death just by touching the venom. Especially the snake king deep inside the cave, which is as powerful as a cultivator who has achieved the Great Circle of Qi Condensation, once poisoned by its venom, even people like me would have no chance of survival.”

“If you failed to get into the top five in this small competition among the outer sect disciples, you needn’t worry about getting kicked out of the sect. I will just send you here to fetch some toxins for me.” continued Li Qinghou blandly as he stared at Bai Xiaochun.

“Th…this…Uncle Li, trust me, it’s nothing but a small competition in the sect, and the top five should be easy! I, Bai Xiaochun, can certainly do it!”

Bai Xiaochun’s face had turned deathly pale, and he felt that his mouth had turned dry. He swore that he would never come back to this place upon learning that there were even scarier venomous snakes deeper in the cave.

Having heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, Li Qinghou smiled inwardly, however, he kept his face expressionless. He snorted once again before bringing Bai Xiaochun out of the valley. After they returned to the Scented Cloud Mountain, Li Qinghou dropped Bai Xiaochun on a small trail, then he turned around and left.

Before he left, he paused for a second without turning his head as his voice flew into Bai Xiaochun’s ears.

“Oh yeah, were the Spirit Tailed Chickens tasty?”

After letting out this question, Li Qinghou’s silhouette slowly vanished into the air before Bai Xiaochun could even answer.

Bai Xiaochun went back to his yard with endless sighing and groaning. While he was walking back, the wind blew across and rustled the plants beside the trail, reminding him about those venomous snakes for quite a while.

“Li Qinghou… your name should be Green Snake Li! Too vicious!” murmured Bai Xiaochun while sitting down in the yard with a long face.

(ED NOTE: Qing=青=green Green Snake Li=李青蛇)

“I will certainly not go back to that Ten Thousand Snake Valley, I’ll be killed if even a single drop of venom touches my skin. Since he has said so, then I’ll do my best to reach top five! It’s nothing but a simple top five!” Bai Xiaochun made up his mind.

“My current cultivation is not powerful enough for the small competition. I need spirit medicines!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and clenched his fist. His eyes even showed a trace of fierce light. He looked at the surrounding area, then fixed his eyes on those Spirit Winter Bamboos.

“After finishing the mission for these Spirit Winter Bamboos, I can get contribution points as a reward, which I can trade for some spirit medicines. But my bamboos have only grown to less than five zhang. I’m not sure if it qualifies as a pass…” thinking of this, Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a second, however, he had no other ideas at all. With a quick calculation, he figured out that the scheduled handover for plant-related missions was just a couple of days away.

(ED note: 1 zhang is equal to 3.58 meters or 3.645 yards)

Bai Xiaochun anxiously waited a couple days with a sour face. Finally, in the morning of the fourth day, he got up early and walked up to the bamboos, grabbed them with both of his hands, and pulled them out one after another.

These bamboos didn’t look heavy at all. However, once he tried to pull them out, he discovered that every single one of them were as heavy as metal.

After the ground shook for a while, ten five-zhang-long spirit winter bamboos were carried on Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder. Bai Xiaochun then walked out of the yard step-by-step, preparing to complete his mission.

The space of his storage pouch wasn’t big enough. These bamboos couldn’t fit in, and so he could only carry them on his shoulder. Fortunately, Bai Xiaochun’s strength had been largely improved after he achieved a breakthrough with the impenetrable skin, otherwise, he probably wouldn’t be able to carry these bamboos uphill.

While walking, Bai Xiaochun was feeling depressed. He thought of the small competition, then he thought of those venomous snakes, and his head was filled with imaginary scenes of his bones lying there broken on the floor.

“My, Bai Xiaochun’s, life is so miserable……”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27 - This...This is Bamboo?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 27 - This...This is Bamboo?

Each of those bamboo shoots were incredibly heavy. Having to carry ten of them on his shoulders while walking uphill, even Bai Xiaochun would run out of breath. He began to pity himself even more.

“I’m here to cultivate immortality so I can live forever. Why do I need to fight and kill?”

“Also, my bamboos could obviously have grown taller. But right now, I have to bring them out to exchange for contribution points…” the more Bai Xiaochun thought about it, the more wronged he felt. While sighing continuously, he carried the Spirit Winter Bamboos up the mountain.

At this moment, in the loft where Scented Cloud Mountain’s outer sect disciples turned in their missions, many people had gathered. They brought the herbs they had planted, and handed them over to complete the mission in exchange for contribution points.

There were elders of Scented Cloud Mountain here, responsible for awarding contribution points according to their quality.

“Not bad. This Mist Flower already has four petals. Medium Grade.”

“The colour of this wood-patterned Ginseng is too dark. The energy infused in the soil was too excessive causing it to be imbalanced. Fail.” On top of a big rock outside of the loft, a ruddy faced, white-haired old man sat with his legs crossed. There were countless disciples queueing up in front of him. One by one, they took out the spirit grasses they had grown. After the old man’s inspection, a young disciple beside him would record the contribution points awarded.

A flock of five-coloured Phoenixes were elegantly flying in circles mid-air. Each of them was around a zhang long, and from time to time, they would emit melodiuos cries.

These phoenixes were the elder’s personal spirit pets. Whenever the day for turning in plants arrived, they would follow the elder here. When the outer sect disciples spotted them from afar, their gazes would fill with envy.

This elder had reached Foundation Establishment. Although his achievements in the field of sprit medicine were inferior to Li Qinghou’s, he was still quite extraordinary and very famous within the sect. Especially for his obsession with the path of medicine. Even Li Qinghou sighed at his own incompetence when comparing their determination. Li Qinghou had once said that if a third Medicine Master appears in the Donglin Continent, it would be Elder Zhou.

“Chen Zi’ang greets Elder Zhou.” Soon, a young man reached the front of the queue. Although this young man was average looking, he stood upright. Arriving in front of Elder Zhou, he cupped his hands and bowed respectfully.

The youth’s words reverbrated outwards. As soon as the surrounding outer sect disciples heard his name, they immediately looked at him with curious gazes.

“So he’s Brother Chen Zi’ang! I heard that he has extraordinary talent in growing spirit grass.”

“I have also heard that ever since Chen Zi’ang joined the sect, he has never completed a spirit herb growing mission with anything less than high grade.

While everyone was discussing in hushed tones, Chen Zi’ang appeared calm, but there was a trace of pride in his eyes.

Elder Zhou looked at Chen Zi’ang with approval. He had been paying close attention to this disciple who showed talent in the field of growing spirit grasses.

“Zi’ang, what have you planted this time?” Elder Zhou gently spoke.

“Reporting to Elder Zhou, this time I grew Spirit Winter Bamboo!” With a wave of his right hand, ten Spirit Winter Bamboos, each as big as an arm, suddenly appeared next to his body. Each and every one of them was over half a zhang long. They were emerald-coloured, and gave off a faint green glow under the light of the sun.

“Disciple first immersed these bamboos in a spirit spring, before planting them in soil made from ground spirit stones and nurturing them with my Qi for at least three hours each day. In addition to this, disicple would arrange the veins of their leaves. With the Nine Green Mysterious Law disciple learnt, in addition to help from other spirit grasses, these bamboos were finally grown!”

“Very good. These bamboos are half a zhang long and emit a green light. They exceed the normal high grade and can be considered superior high grade. I hope you keep working hard in the future. If you can grow bamboos longer than a zhang, then they would be superb grade spirit plants.” Stroking his beard, Elder Zhou had even more approval towards Chen Zi’ang.

As soon as the surrounding disciples heard the three words: superior high grade, they immediiately broke into loud clamor, as they looked at the Spirit Winter Bamboos on the ground, their eyes filled with envy.

Chen Zi’ang’s face revealed a smile, the pride in his eyes was even greater. He bowed and cupped his hands. When he was about to receive the contribution points from the young disciple beside Elder Zhou, he suddenly heard a cold humph.

“Elder Zhou, Disciple Zhao Yiduo also grew some Spirit Winter Bamboos!” With a humph, a young man who had an elongated face and narrow eyes came forward in big strides. When he gazed at Chen Zi’ang, his eyes showed disdain.

As soon as he appeared, the surrounding outer sect disciples immediately grew energetic, one-by-one they looked at him.

“It’s Brother Zhao Yiduo. It’s said that Brother Zhao’s achievements in growing spirit plants are similar to those of Chen Zi’ang”

“This will be a sight to see. Those two have always treated each other as rivals. Both of them have been fighting for the title of the best disciple in herb-growing.”

Chen Zi’ang’s face suddenly turned gloomy as he coldly stared at Zhao Yiduo. When their gazes met, strong hostility could be seen in the other’s eyes.

“Zhao Yiduo, just take out your Spirit Winter Bamboos.” Even Elder Zhou’s interest was piqued. Towards Zhao Yiduo in front of him, he showed the same approval. He knew that these two younths have often been competing against each other in plant-growing. He was glad to see them do so, because through this benign competition, both of them could improve greatly.

Zhao Yiduo faced Elder Zhou, cupped his hands, then patted his storage pouch. Ten stalks of Spirit Winter Bamboo immediately appeared. Each of these bamboos, were a zhang long. The bodies of the bamboos were as thick as a thigh. The emerald-green colour of the bamboos was unexpectedly slightly transparent. There was even some spirit aura diffusing out from them. With single glance, one could tell these bamboos were absolutely extraordinary. Compared to Chen Zi’ang’s bamboos, they were obviously better.

The surrounding people couldn’t help but go into an uproar once they saw the bamboos. They had only heard of these one zhang long Spirit Winter Bamboos. They had never actually seen one.

“One zhang long Spirit Winter Bamboos... how long did you raise them for?!”

“These Spirit Winter Bamboos have reached the state of emitting spirit aura. The plant-growing ability of Senior Brother Zhao is already the best in my Scented Cloud Mountain.”

Zhao Yiduo glanced at the expressions of the audience before making a provocative smile at Chen Zi’ang.

At that moment, Chen Zi’ang’s expression darkened.

Elder Zhou’s eyes shined with praise. Looking at those bamboos, he nodded his head slightly.

“Very good, very good. Although there were many disciples turning in Spirit Winter Bamboos today, yours are the best. These one zhang long Spirit Winter Bamboos have exceeded the high grade, and can be classified as superb grade. Zhao Yiduo, you have done great. I hope you continue working hard!”

“Junior brother Chen, you still need to work harder.” Zhao Yiduo cupped his hands towards Elder Zhou before he turned around and looked at Chen Zi’ang provocatively.

Chen Zi’ang’s expression turned even worse, then he gave a cold humph.

“Senior Brother Zhao, it is too early to gloat. What does it count for when you had someone helping you? Next time, I’ll definitely grow a one and a half zhang long Spirit Winter Bamboo for you to see.

Zhao Yiduo laughed out loud after hearing him.

“Junior Brother Chen is also not afraid of the wind ripping his tongue out. Spirit Winter Bamboos are hard to grow, they require huge amounts of Qi. For us Qi Condensation disciples, growing them to one zhang is already our limit. One and a half zhang? That’s something only a Foundation Establishment elder can grow. As for two zhang? Ha ha, I’ve been in the sect for so long, but I have yet to see a two zhang Spirit Winter Bamboo…”

Before Zhao Yiduo finished speaking, on the little path behind the crowd, tremors suddenly arrived. It was as if something huge was approaching. All the nearby outer sect disciples turned their heads in surprise, before exclaiming loudly.

Even the confrontation between Zhao Yiduo and Chen Zi’ang was interrupted because of this. Both of them wrinkled their brows and directed their gazes in that direction.

Soon, the both of them could see huge bamboo stalks, almost as wide as a grown human body, appear in their sights. These bamboo stalks had a dark green colour. If one looked at them carefully, one could see spots of purple. Under the light of the sun, they even emitted magnificent colourful rays of light.

Even more surprising were the strong waves of spirit aura being emitted by the bamboo stalks that were covering the horizon. Many people exclaimed in surprise when they saw it.

“Wh-What are those!”

“They look like some kind of wood, but they also look like bamboos!”

Unable to recognize them, Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo also wrinkled their brows. But they could tell that those things were far from ordinary. On the side, Elder Zhou suddenly widened his eyes, staring straight at those bamboo stalks, his breathing ragged.

Under everyone’s attention, those bamboo stalks extended further and further behind, until they were fully revealed. These bamboo stalks were an impressive five zhang long. Underneath the bamboos, a small and skinny youngster was gasping for breath, while carrying the bamboos and walking forward.

He looked just like an ant carrying a steamed bun.

With every step he took, a tremor spread. As he walked forward, all of the outer sect disciples in front of him moved out of his way. Every single one of them was shocked speechless by this youngster’s strength.

This youngster was of course Bai Xiaochun. On the way here, while Bai Xiaochun was thinking about how fierce the competition would be, and how terrifying the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley was, he felt like crying but had no tears. Climbing up the mountain roads, he had a hard time reaching his destination this time. Without paying attention to the surrounding people, he walked in front of Elder Zhou. With a few rumbling sounds, those bamboo stalks were dropped on the ground. He then sat on top of them, and wiped his sweat while breathing deeply

“These bamboos couldn’t be put in storage pouches. Carrying them was so exhausting that I felt like I was going to die. Elder, I am here to turn in my mission.” speaking to this point, Bai Xiaochun suddenly realized something was wrong. After inspecting his surroundings, he discovered that all the people around him were staring directly at those bamboos, while breathing heavily.

“Bamboos… These are bamboos?”

“In all my life, I have never seen a bamboo this big! This is clearly a tree!”

Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo’s eyes were filled with both shock and bewilderment. Although they faintly recognized them, they just couldn’t believe their own eyes. They suddenly approached the bamboos, squatted down, and carefully inspected them. Zhao Yiduo was shaking and even wanted to snap a section of it to check its interior.

But before he managed to do so, Elder Zhou approached with a buzzing sound. WIth a wave of his sleeve, both of them were blown away. Elder Zhou stared at the bamboo stalks with unmoving eyes.

“These… These are really Spirit Winter Bamboos!!!”

After a while, Elder Zhou took a deep breath. When his words echoed throughout the surroundings, the outer sect disciples were all stunned. What followed next was an uproar filled with disbelief.

“Spirit Winter Bamboos! These large trees are actually… Spirit Winter Bamboos!!!”

“How is this possible? How can Spirit Winter Bamboos be this big!? Heavens, these bamboos are five zhang long!”

“Five zhang long and a human body’s in thickness, this...this is bamboo? ”

Wild clamor exploded in the surroundings. With each passing moment, the exclamations were getting louder and louder, even more so when the outer sect disciples compared them with Chen Zi’ang’s and Zhao Yiduo’s bamboos.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28 - Pressure is Motivation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 28 - Pressure is Motivation

Zhao Yiduo and Cheng Zi’ang, who were blown away, disregarded the pain coursing through their bodies as they rushed back and prostrated themselves to closely inspect the bamboos. These actions, coupled with the surrounding people’s exclamations, had stunned Bai Xiaochun speechless.

Particularly Elder Zhou, who looked at the stalks one by one. His expression was filled with excitement, disbelief and joy.

This chaotic scene had shocked Bai Xiaochun and made him think that everyone here was crazy. Weren’t these just a few stalks of bamboo? Originally, he had planned to grow them until they were at least ten zhang tall.

“Elder…” Bai Xiaochun retreated a few steps as he hesitantly called out.

“Great! This is great!” Elder Zhou let out a booming laugh as he caressed those Spirit Winter Bamboos, not leaving a single place untouched. He was completely oblivious to Bai Xiaochun’s words.

“This kind of Spirit Winter Bamboo is extremely rare. Only when it grows to five zhang long will its entire body become dark green. This kind of Spirit Winter Bamboo is not just a mere herb, but also the main ingredient for refining the Spirit Bamboo Sword. It can even be used as a catalyst for some unique techniques!”

“All of you, come smell it. Can you smell the aroma of meat and bones? This aroma is unique to this bamboo when its length exceeds five zhang.” Elder Zhou was extremely excited as he spoke, even taking a deep whiff.

Chen Zi’ang and Zhou Yiduo’s expressions were serious as they also breathed in the Spirit Winter Bamboo’s aroma. The surrounding disciples also moved closer to take a sniff.

Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly. He had already noticed that particular scent while carrying the bamboo stalks on the way here. It was clearly… the smell of chicken bones. After all, in the spirit fields where the Spirit Winter Bamboos were planted, there were hundreds of thousands of Spirit Tailed Chicken bones buried… and he had stripped the meat off of every single one of those bones.

“Elder…” Bai Xiaochun, thinking that all these people have gone insane, called out again.

Just then, Elder Zhou’s body suddenly jerked violently. His vision focused on a certain area on one of the bamboo stalks. His face turned ugly and fury burned in his eyes.

“God dammit, what happened here? Why is there a bite mark? These Spirit Winter Bamboos are incomparably bitter and cannot be eaten raw. Which bastard dared to take a bite and mar the quality of this stalk?!” Elder Zhou lamented. The bite mark was like a worm’s hole that had suddenly been found on a piece of a flawless jade. He raised his head fiercely and looked at Bai Xiaochun.

“It wasn’t me!” Bai Xiaochun was so frightened that he hurriedly took a few steps back. He recalled the time when he had been so hungry, that without even bothering to check what he was putting in his mouth, he had taken a bite out of this bamboo stalk. He never imagined that the place where people turn in their missions would be so terrifying. He couldn’t bite off a piece of bamboo that he had grown himself? These people were all crazy!

When the surrounding people heard Elder Zhou’s words, they all turned their attention to that stalk. Lo and behold, at the end of that stalk of the Spirit Winter Bamboo, they could see a mark left behind by someone’s teeth.

Elder Zhou fixed his gaze on the scar on the bamboo for a long while before he gave a long sigh. After all, he was a Foundation Establishment cultivator. Even if he was obsessed with the path of medicine, he still possessed a significant amount of mental fortitude. It was just that the bamboo Bai Xiaochun had brought over, a variation of the bamboo which he had never seen before, was simply too startling, making him lose composure.

He shot a fervent look towards Bai Xiaochun and flourished his long sleeves.

“This bamboo, the peak of excellent grade ... No, top grade! This is the epitome of top grade! The reward will be ten thousand contribution points!” The moment he said this, all the surrounding people took a deep breath. One had to know that an ordinary planting mission was only worth about ten to a maximum of a hundred contribution points. But today, it was ten thousand!

The young disciple who stood by the side was also stunned. In these countless years, spirit plants that had been granted the title of top grade were incredibly rare.

At least, this was the first time in the last couple of centuries.

Bai Xiaochun became very excited as he rushed towards the young disciple at the side. He took out his identity plate and hurried the disciple to give the contribution points. The young disciple hesitated for a moment. However, when he noticed that Elder Zhou had started to inspect those bamboo stalks again, he gritted his teeth and awarded Bai Xiaochun ten thousand contribution points.

The moment he received his contribution points, Bai Xiaochun hurried to leave. He decided that he would never come back to this place again. All the people here were just too crazy.

He did not get far before Elder Zhou’s voice resounded behind him.

“What’s your name?”

“Bai Xiaochun, I’m called Bai Xiaochun. My uncle is Li Qinghou!” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly said. Before he came, he had never imagined that his bamboo would startle people to this extent, so at this moment, he was feeling rather anxious and pulled out Li Qinghou’s name to act as a tiger’s skin.

“Hm. Through great effort, the Spirit River Sect has become a large sect that is ten thousand years old with myriads of disciples. Everyone has their own secrets, their own creations, and this old man is not yet willing to sacrifice his face to demand an explanation about your methods. But in the future, if you obtain more of these bamboos, this old man will take them all and award you with a satisfactory amount of contribution points!” Elder Zhou seemed a little unhappy. He waved his hand, no longer paying attention to Bai Xiaochun, and continued to inspect those bamboos. He even went as far as ending the submissions for the day early.

As Bai Xiaochun held his identity plate, his eyes showed excitement. He left the Mission Exchange Pavilion and rushed straight towards the Spirit Medicine Hall of the Scented Cloud Mountain. This so-called Spirit Medicine Hall was the place where the disciples of Scented Cloud Mountain could exchange their spirit medicines.

If he possessed any spirit medicine, he could also come here to sell it to the sect in exchange for contribution points.

Bai Xiaochun sprinted over. Inside the Spirit Medicine Hall, he started to look around and made his choice. By the time he finally left, he had bought a bottle of medicine pills suitable for the fifth level of Qi Condensation. However, the medicine pills weren’t cheap. Bai Xiaochun had originally thought that the ten thousand contribution points he had acquired was already a lot, but contrary to his belief, the spirit medicines sold here were even more expensive.

“Green God Underlying Spirit Pill.” Bai Xiaochun looked at the bottle of pills in his hand. There were a total of three pills, and just these three pills had already cost him over four thousand contribution points.

But at the same time, these pills were not ordinary Qi Condensation disciples’ pills. Their effects were exceptional. Not only was their medicinal effect greater than ordinary medicine, they also had the effect of purifying Qi.

Bai Xiaochun figured that his breakthrough to the fifth level of Qi Condensation was not assured, so this time, he planned to boost himself all the way to the peak of the fifth level of Qi Condensation through consuming these pills.

As for the sixth level of Qi Condensation, he had thought about using this method to avoid participating in the competition. Though if he did, he could imagine that Li Qinghou would just change methods and continue to punish him.

As for his remaining contribution points, Bai Xiaochun did not let any of them go to waste. He used all of them to exchange for a single-use charm. Only after he stuck that thing to his body did he feel somewhat safer.

If not for the fact that he did not have enough contribution points, he would have entered the treasure pavilion and exchanged them for some weapons used in Qi Condensation. However, he could only give up on this idea. After returning to his courtyard, Bai Xiaochun sat cross-legged in the wooden cabin. He took out the medicine pills and stared at them with an imposing gaze.

“There are less than three months left, I am going to enter closed-door cultivation!” Clenching his teeth, he inspected his surroundings. With a gesture of his right hand, the turtle-shell pot immediately appeared. He pulled out some of the Spirit Tailed Chicken tails, and with a wave of his hand, a three-coloured flame appeared.

One tail was insufficient to meet the demands of the pot. Only after ten tails were ignited did the third line on the pot light up. At one go, Bai xiaochun refined all three medicine pills thrice.

After that, he picked up one Green God Underlying Spirit Pill, now marked with three silver lines, and swallowed it in a single gulp.

The moment the medicine pill entered his body, it immediately dissolved. Rumbling waves of imposing Qi surged within his body. Bai Xiaochun quickly assumed the posture and breathing method of the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique. With utmost concentration, he relentlessly guided the Qi to circulate in his body.

After a couple of days, Bai Xiaochun’s wooden cabin shook with a boom as dust and soil flew into the air. It was as if an earthquake had spread from within the room. Soon, Bai Xiaochun’s laughter echoed out from within the wooden cabin.

“Fifth level of Qi Condensation!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, his eyes shone brightly. Previously, he had eaten many Spirit Tailed Chickens and he was already at the peak of the fourth stage of Qi Condensation. Adding in the medicine pill he had just swallowed, he smoothly broke through to the fifth level of Qi Condensation.

Although filth once again appeared on his body, this time, the amount was clearly less than the last time. After washing himself, Bai Xiaochun did not immediately swallow the next pill, but stabilised his cultivation instead. He waited for another five days before he decided to swallow the second Green God Underlying Spirit Pill. This time, an abundant amount of Qi accumulated inside his body, expanded his Qi channels, rapidly circulated through his body, and caused his cultivation to take another great leap forwards.

After stabilising his cultivation again for a couple of days, he swallowed the third Green God Underlying Spirit Dan. Afterwards, his cultivation shot straight up to the peak level of the fifth level of Qi Condensation.

By this point, his every gesture, from raising his hand to moving his feet, seemed to suggest that he had become a completely different person. Not to mention his skin that had become even whiter, he even radiated a unique atmosphere.

This caused Bai Xiaochun to be overjoyed. He completely understood that if it was any other disciple that was at the peak of fourth level Qi Condensation, who had swallowed those three medicine pills, they would at most break through to the fifth level of Qi Condensation. It was impossible for them to reach the peak of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, just a hair’s breadth away from the sixth level, like he had done.

The key point here was the turtle-shell pot’s refining ability.

The effectiveness of this item had become increasingly obvious as Bai Xiaochun continued to cultivate, making him question the origins of this turtle-shell pot quite often.

Although it looked like the back of a turtle, he had come to the conclusion that it was not really a turtleshell.

As for refining, he had already investigated this issue thoroughly. There was an area designated for refinement located at Purple Cauldron Mountain. By paying a certain amount of contribution points, one could get a sect elder there to help them with refining(可以在那里让宗门的长老帮助炼灵). It was also rumoured that the ancestor of Purple Cauldron Mountain was an Alchemy Master.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes lit up as he ran his hand along the patterns on the back of the turtle-shell pot. A split second later, he shook his head. Since he was unable to understand the pot, then he might as well forget about its origins. With a wave of his right hand, a green jade tablet as well as his wooden sword appeared in front of his eyes.

Bai Xiaochun gazed at the two unique treasures he had acquired so far. Then, he gnashed his teeth, took out some more spirit tails, and prepared to refine the two treasures to the third level of spirit refinement.

“I wonder how much the sword and the jade tablet will change after I refine them for the third time.”

Bai Xiaochun waved his right hand, and after three patterns on the turtleshell pot lit up, he threw the jade tablet inside. Immediately after the silver light began glowing brightly, rumbles akin to the sound of rolling thunder could be heard. Fortunately, no one noticed it since the sound did not travel too far.

When the silver light dissipated, there was a stunning third silver line added to the green jade tablet in front of Bai Xiaochun. The glowing silver patterns flashed before slowly fading, but Bai Xiaochun could clearly feel that the jade tablet’s power was vastly different compared to before. They were as far apart as heaven and earth..

There was even a faint trace of purple light, amidst the green colour, embedded in the interior of the jade tablet. The shape of the jade tablet had also changed slightly. It was no longer elliptical but had instead flattened to become circular.

Bai Xiaochun picked up the jade tablet and infused it with his Qi. With a sudden buzz, his surroundings were immediately enveloped by an astounding sphere of green light which was more than three inches thick.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29 - Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 29 - Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light

Bai Xiaochun inspected the defensive ability of the jade tablet before bursting into laughter. His fiery gaze immediately shifted towards his wooden sword. This was the same wooden sword he had received when he had first entered the sect. It had accompanied him up to this point and had already undergone two refinements.

“Judging from the improvement in the defensive capability of this jade tablet, after I refine this wooden sword for the third time, its power will definitely be extraordinary!” Bai Xiaochun smiled slightly before he began to refine the wooden sword.

As the silver light shone and the glow inside of the turtle-shell pot faded away, a small wooden sword appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun. The third silver pattern on the sword was glaring to the eyes. After a while, the brightness slowly faded away. The appearance of this wooden sword changed as well. It was now one finger longer, and the wood vein was almost completely purple.

It even exuded a peculiar aroma. This scent was very strange. The fragrance started out smelling and tasting sweet, but if one breathed it in for a long time, they would fall into a trance.

Bai Xiaochun’s body shivered as his eyes sobered. He looked at this small wooden sword with surprise. Lifting it slowly, he discovered that it was now many times heavier than before, as if he was holding a heavy rock.

His eyes shone as he placed the small wooden sword in front of him in order to inspect it closely. In his eyes, it could be seen that he was deep in thought.

“The material of this wooden sword is probably the rather common Dense Cloud Wood. This Dense Cloud Wood only requires about fourty-nine days of refinement before it can be used as equipment for cultivators. Furthermore, they can also be mass refined.” Bai Xiaochun mumbled, inspecting the vein on this wooden sword.

“Purple veins... then there is only one explanation. After multiple refinements, a mutation appeared in this sword” Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes. Every bit of knowledge about Dense Cloud Wood, which he had acquired from studying herbs, flashed through his mind.

After a long time, when he opened both of his eyes, there was a sense of anticipation revealed in his gaze. He made a couple of hand signs with his right hand, and pointed at the sword. Suddenly, a black glow mixed with traces of purple appeared on the sword before it flew out. In the blink of an eye, it pierced through the wooden cabin. It even flew out of the yard and pierced a huge rock, more than ten zhang away.

Without a sound, the small wooden sword pierced through the rock. It made a revolution within the rock before it pierced through and exited the rock again. In another blink of an eye, it had already returned in front of Bai Xiaochun.

There wasn’t even the slightest scratch on the sword’s body. Instead, an aura of sharpness flickered from the blade.

Bai Xiaochun was very excited. He turned the small wooden sword around, inspecting it thoroughly. After he covered up the third silver pattern, he pushed open the wooden cabin’s door. He was filled with happiness as he took a deep breath. However, as soon as he thought about the Scented Cloud Mountain’s small competition in two months time, he still felt unsafe.

“No, accomplishing just this much is still not enough. Those competitors are certainly going to be ferocious. It would be better if I prepared more.” Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth, recalling the two states introduced in the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Techinique.

Lifting the heavy as though it was light, lifting the light as though it was heavy.

When cultivating with the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Techinique, these two levels were the established ways to practice. If one could cultivate these levels to the peak, then the technique would be transformed to a godly skill named Purple Qi Melting Cauldron Technique.

At the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect, the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Techinique was a basic skill. Almost everyone would cultivate it. But it was rare for them to be able to cultivate it to the level of lifting the heavy as though it was light. The second level, lifting the light as though it was heavy was even rarer. As for cultivating them both to the peak and transforming the technique into the Purple Qi Melting Cauldron Technique, that was even more unlikely.

Even if there were people who gained enlightenment with the Purple Qi Melting Cauldron Technique, all of them would certainly be disciples of the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

“Lifting the heavy as if though it was light.... Only after reaching this level of object manipulation will my winning chances increase. ” Thinking about the introduction of this technique, Bai Xiaochun lowered his head and looked at the small wooden sword in his hand.

When Bai Xiaochun thought about how the Burning Stoves Kitchen and Administration Department wrongly assumed that he had mastered ‘lifting the heavy as though it was light’ back then during his battle with Xu Baocai, an idea suddenly crossed his mind.

“The reason that they assumed I understood how to ‘lift the heavy as though it was light’ was due to the level of ease with which I had controlled the small wooden sword. But the actual reason for this was the extraodinary power that the small wooden sword possessed after it was refined.

In fact, I am not actually skilled in manipulating the wooden sword. As for lifting the heavy though it was light...” Bai Xiaochun furrowed his brows and simply sat with legs crossed in the yard. Looking down at the wooden sword, his eyes lost focus, and gradually became bloodshot.

After a while, he suddenly raised his right hand and the wooden sword flew out. It vigorously cut straight ahead, the wind whizzed and it blew up quite some dust and dirt off the ground. Bai Xiaochun’s brows furrowed even further. He made some hand signs with his right hand and pointed again. But this time, he was not pointing at the wooden sword, instead, he was pointing at the rock that recently got pierced by the wooden sword.

With a point of his finger, the huge rock violently shook. After it rose a chi off the ground, the Qi in Bai Xiaochun's body became unstable. With a rumble, the rock fell down again.

(ED note: one chi is equal to ⅓ of a meter or 1.094 ft.)

The distress Bai Xiaochun felt disappeared, as his eyes gradually brightened up. With great determination, he circulated the spirit Qi inside of his body and pointed out again.

Once, twice, thrice…

Time flew, and in a blink of an eye, half a month had passed. In this half of a month, Bai Xiaochun was focused on controlling and moving the rock almost every second. This rock was almost triple a person’s height, and it weighed no less than seven to eight hundred jin. Even with Bai Xiaochun’s peak of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, it was still not easy to completely control that rock.

(ED note: one jin is equal to ½ kg or 1.1023 pounds)

However, because his cultivation was well-refined, Bai Xiaochun was able to try. If anyone else at the peak of the fifth level of Qi Condensation were to try, they would lift this rock for a couple cun at most.

(ED note: one cun is equal to 3.33cm or 1.311 inches)

Looking at it now, Bai Xiaochun had realized that the biggest struggle he had with controlling this big rock was not the lack of spirit Qi, but because his control over it was unstable. Oftentimes, despite the fact that he clearly still had spirit Qi inside him, the supply would break on its own.

“Changing the spirit Qi into silk strings and moving it with a constant speed so that the silk string will never break. That is the key to manipulating objects.” There was a spark in Bai Xiaochun’s bloodshot eyes as he hoarsely mumbled.

This was just like how ordinary families made noodles. If the noodles were pulled too quickly, then the noodles would break. But if it was too slow, then the noodles wouldn’t be very long. Thus, it was important to maintain a stable level of strength so a person could do it with ease.

As for cultivating the skill of manipulating objects, if one wanted to reach the peak level, then a person would need to be capable of maintaining this stable level of strength. Naturally, this would increase the difficulty.

“I get it. Lifting the heavy as though it was light does not mean everything literally. Controlling heavy things with a feeling of lightness is just a superficial message. The true meaning of this is not referring to the object but the control of spirit Qi! ”

“The total volume of my five levels of Qi Condensation is refered to as ‘heavy’, and transforming it to become a thin but prolonged silk string is refered to as ‘light. If I can do this, then it would be lifting the heavy as though it was ‘light’. And looking at its visible performance, the speed will be controlled with ease.” Bai Xiaochun’s face showed signs of excitement. After solving this riddle, he raised his right hand, and the rock far away immediately trembled and quickly rose into the air.

As if there was an invisible hand grabbing the rock, it launched into the air with a -hu- sound and headed straight towards Bai Xiaochun. But in the middle of the air, the rock paused and slammed into the yard, blowing up dust and dirt.

Bai Xiaochun did not give up and continued trying. After another half a month, he found himself unable to keep his spirit Qi in a stable prolonged line of silk string no matter how hard he tried.

Even if he managed to do it sometimes, because the rock was too heavy, the string of spirit Qi would be disconnected due to the unstable flow.

But if he was controlling the small wooden sword, this was no problem at all because it was not as heavy as the big rock. Thus, Bai Xiaochun felt a significantly easier time controlling it. With a month of practice, the speed of controlling the sword improved a lot.

In fact, this was already at the level of lifting the heavy as though it was light, but Bai Xiaochun was still unsatisfied. He gnashed his teeth in frustration, his eyes were bloodshot as his face contorted in anxiety.

“I don’t believe this!” Bai Xiaochun made some hand signs with his right hand, pointed at the rock, and this rock surprisingly flew on top of his head.

Cold sweat surfaced on Bai Xiaochun’s forehead. Looking at the big rock above his head with slight fear and shock, he tried his best to maintain that invisible string of spirit Qi. If the string was broken, even though the rock dropping would not crush him, it would still cause him intense pain.

This time he clearly lasted longer. But after an hour, Bai Xiaochun screamed, and with a rumble, the rock fell on top of him. After a while, the rock swayed and got pushed aside, allowing Bai Xiaochun to climb out from underneath it.

With the protection from the impenetrable skin, he was not really injured, but that kind of agony made him clench his teeth from pain.

However his fighting spirit only intensified. With continuous attempts, one month after another, he gradually improved from dropping that rock a couple times per day to only once. In the end, Bai Xiaochun would occasionally not drop it throughout the whole day.

And he gradually raised it higher. The highest it reached was over ten zhang. If the rock hit anyone from this height, the agony would make one’s face ashen, even if it was Bai Xiaochun.

But this was the only way he could completely focus.

Gradually, he could already make the spirit Qi inside of him behave like lifting the heavy as though it was light, and keep it stable from start to finish without any disruptions in between. But he was still not satisfied. He then stopped sitting cross-legged, instead, he started moving while maintaining the string of spiri Qi connected.

The level of difficulty increased, and rumbles echoed from the yard again and again.

Time passed by, when it was only three days away from the small competition in the Scented Cloud Mountain that Li Qinghou mentioned, there was a huge rock weighing about seven-eight hundred jin floating in midair in Bai Xiaochun’s yard. His figure was moving quickly in the yard. Meanwhile, the rock was completely still despite Bai Xiaochun moving around.

After doing this for a while, Bai Xiaochun paused. Standing in front of the wooden cabin, he laughed while facing the sky. With a wave of his right hand, that rock in the midair flew out of the yard with a woosh, and landed where it had been in the beginning.

Bai Xiaochun pinched his fingers and pointed, the small wooden sword flew out and cut straight ahead. Its speed was so fast that only a blur could be seen. In fact, its speed was dozens of times faster than before.

Bai Xiaochun’s expression was filled with delight as he pinched his fingers and made some hand signs quickly.

The extreme speed, coupled with the power of the wooden sword, immediately reached astonishing levels. In an instant, it seemed like many small wooden swords had appeared in the yard, Sword Qi flew about.

With a flourish of his sleeves, the faint images vanished. The only remaining sword went straight towards Bai Xiaochun and disappeared into his storage pouch.

“This time, I should be able to get into the top five.” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. Even though he still wasn’t completely assured, it was almost time, so he could only sit down cross-legged and settle his Qi and restore himself to his peak state.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30 - Bring it on!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 30 - Bring it on!

Three days later, in the morning...

When the sun rose, Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes and took a deep breath. His expression was extremely serious. It was his first time participating in this kind of sect competition.

In his eyes, the conflict between him and Xu Baocai back then could not be counted as a fight anymore. On the other hand, this competition in Scented Cloud Mountain, the one he was going to participate in, was a true fight between sect disciples.

Bai Xiaochun slowly stood up, checked his storage pouch, and strode out of the room with a serious face. But soon, he rushed back, then rummaged under his bed and took out the leather armour that he still had from when he was still at the Burning Stoves Kitchen. He then put them on one after the other. Afterwards, he took out the jade tablet and hanged it at a place that allowed him to immediately activate it.

If the turtle-shell pot wasn’t too inconvenient to take out, Bai Xiaochun would have definitely carried it on his back too.

“Damn, how could I forget to prepare a large black pot?” Bai Xiaochun was filled with regret, but he didn’t have the time to look for one now. He gritted his teeth, turned around and walked out of the room again. He took a glance at the sun in the sky before heading for the mountaintop. His eyes were filled with determination.

He wore too many leather armour, and although he didn’t carry a pot on his back, he still looked like a zongzi…… The leather armour were airtight. As a result, not long after he started walking, his forehead was already full of sweat

(ED note: Zongzi is a traditional Chinese food, made of glutinous rice stuffed with different fillings and wrapped in bamboo, reed, or other large flat leaves(normally pandan). They are cooked by steaming or boiling. In the Western world, they are also known as rice dumplings, or sticky rice dumplings. Picture: http://haoskitchen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/Zongzi-green.jpg)

However, no matter how much perspiration poured down on his forehead, Bai Xiaochun did not take a single one off. The competition had been bothering him all this time, causing cruel and violent images to flash across his mind one after another. Step by step, Bai Xiaochun walked to the mountaintop. However, in the morning, the fog around the mountaintop was just too dense. So, after walking for a while, he suddenly realized that he didn’t know where he was.

“This isn’t right…” Bai Xiaocun hurriedly looked for someone to ask for directions. Only then did he start heading the right way. His heart beat like drums, he was afraid that he would get there late and miss his match.

On the mountaintop of the Scented Cloud Mountain, there was an arena. It was there where the competition would take place. At this moment, it was already surrounded by quite a few people who were talking to each other in hushed voices.

Among those people, there were some disciples that were above the fifth-level of Qi Condensation. Most of them had their arms crossed in front of their chests, and were looking at their junior Brothers and Sisters, obviously here to cheer them on.

Although this kind of small competition between outer sect disciples was not official, great opportunities for outer sect disciples to seperate themselves from the rest, still existed . This time, around twenty disciples would partake in the competition. Most of them were sitting cross-legged around the arena and seriously preparing themselves.

None of the competitors were in the third level of Qi Condensation. Although these kinds of small competitions were designed for outer sect disciples who were in the third, fourth and fifth levels of Qi Condensation, disciples who actually participated were mostly in the fifth level of Qi Condensation, with only five or six disciples in the fourth level.

A girl among them had attracted most of the others’ attention. This girl was tall and slim, her perfect body shape was apparent under her outer sect disciple uniform, making her the object of uncountable people’s fantasies.

Her skin was as white as snow, and her face, it was breathtakingly beautiful. Her watery eyes were shining underneath a pair of arched eyebrows, and her loose clothes, tightening around her waist and butt, were displaying her alluring body.

Quite a lot outer sect disciples had gathered around her. Obviously, they were all her admirers.

Although she wasn’t as well known as Zhou Xinqi, this girl was still quite famous among outer sect disciples. Her name was Du Lingfei.

“With sister Du’s peak of fifth level Qi Condensation, she will definitely win the first prize in this small competition.”

“Brother Chen Zi’ang also cannot be underestimated. I heard that he had a breakthrough in cultivation a month ago. Although it is not the peak of fifth level Qi Condensation, he is quite close.” While the surrounding people were discussing in hushed tones, a young man had been standing not far away from Du Lingfei, with a proud look. That young man was Chen Zi’ang, who had been shocked by Bai Xiaochun and his bamboos earlier at the mission department.

Chen Zi’ang’s eyes shone with a bright light while looking at Du Lingfei. Deep down in his heart, he knew that attaining first place was impossible for him this time. However, second place would definitely be his. And maybe, this would be a great opportunity for him to get close with Du Lingfei.

While people were all expecting the competition to begin, two rainbow streaks whooshed over from afar. The rainbow streaks transformed into Li Qinghou and an elderly man in front of the arena. This elderly man was scrawny and had dark skin, however, his eyes were shining brightly. He seemed like a very strict man.

Right after Li Qinghou showed up, all the other outer sect disciples were shocked into silence, before they hurriedly saluted to him.

“Dear ancestor and Elder Sun.” Everyone was surprised by Li Qinghou’s presence, usually, these kinds of small competitions were hosted by Elder Sun alone.

Du Lingfei and Chen Zi’ang who were also surprised, politely and respectfully saluted to Li Qinghou.

Li Qinghou gently nodded but frowned after he took a glance at the outer sect disciples. He couldn’t find Bai Xiaochun.

Seeing Li Qinghou frown, all the other outer sect disciples became nervous, including Du Lingfei. No one had any idea why their ancestor was upset.

“Ancestor, shall we begin?” Elder Sun, who was beside Li Qinghou, slowly asked.

Just when Li Qinghou was about to speak, a ball-like silhouette rushed over, looking very anxious.

“I got lost, the fog was too thick…” Bai Xiaochun rushed over. As soon as he saw that Li Qinghou was there, he hurriedly explained. He didn’t want to get lost either, but the mountain was vast and the fog was dense. Combined with him thinking about the competition along the way, he took the wrong path without even noticing it.

As soon as he said those words, the surrounding outer sect disciples turned their heads around and looked at him. Some of them knew Bai Xiaochun, and couldn’t help but laugh softly after they heard his words. As for the others who didn’t know Bai Xiaochun, they all frowned, some even showed disdain in their eyes.

Getting lost in the Scented Cloud Mountain could only show that this kid usually didn’t come to the mountaintop, and didn’t care about these small competitions. Most disciples like this were merely average disciples that could be seen everywhere.

Du Lingfei took a glance at Bai Xiaochun and recognized him as one of Zhou Xinqi’s followers. She too had heard that Bai Xiaochun worked very hard to catch the chicken thief at that time. She stopped looking at Bai Xiaochun, scornfully disregarding him.

Chen Zi’ang saw Bai Xiaochun from within the crowd, briefly paused and then glanced at Li Qinghou. He thought back to a few months ago, Bai Xiaochun had mentioned that Li Qinghou was his uncle before he left the mission department. Chen Zi’ang immediately figured out why Li Qinghou had frowned earlier. Then, he silently told himself that later, if he had to fight against Bai Xiaochun, he couldn’t beat him too hard.

Li Qinghou snorted coldly, threw a threatening glance at Bai Xiaochun then slightly nodded to Elder Sun beside him.

Elder Sun seemed to have thought of something. He took a glance at Bai Xiaochun as well, and smiled at him. Then, he flourished his large sleeve.

“Okay, those who would like to participate in this competition between outer sect disciples, come up onto the stage.”

Seeing Li Qinghou glare at him, Bai Xiaochun felt wronged, but didn’t dare to say a single word. Hearing Elder Sun’s words, Bai Xiaochun was the first person to rush out and stand on the stage. His head was held high, and his chest was puffed out. He looked as if he would even climb a mountain of knives or plunge into a sea of flames without a second thought.

Soon, other competitors stepped onto the stage, with Bai Xiaochun included, there were a total of twenty outer sect disciples.

The rules of this kind of small competition in Scented Cloud Mountain weren’t that strict. Elder Sun swept his gaze across the competitors. He raised his right hand and took out a cloth bag which contained some small marked-balls. He then let outer sect disciples come out one by one to take a ball, which decided who they fought against.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t go first. Instead, he stood in the middle of the line. Then, he went up and got a ball marked with the number eleven.

“All right, everyone step down now. First fight, number one and two!” said Elder Sun blandly. Bai Xiaochun hurriedly stepped off the arena with the others. Only the disciples who had drawn the small balls marked with “one” and “two” stayed on the arena. After the two of them looked at each other, their eyes shone with sharp lights.

Soon, they just started fighting, and let out loud booms. While these two disciples were fighting, Bai Xiaochun looked at the other disciples. He thought that twenty people would take part in this competiton, so he would only have to win two fights, to get himself into the top five. He tried to find the disciple who had drawn number twelve, but everyone else had hidden their numbers well, giving Bai Xiaochun no chance.

While Bai Xiaochun was frustrated, the first fight ended, and the second one started. One of the competitors was Du Lingfei. As this girl formed hand seals, a cloth banner appeared. The banner then transformed into a cloud of mist and surrounded her opponent, who tried their best but was unable to break out from the mist, and eventually gave up.

The third and the fourth fights were soon over as well. In the fifth fight, Chen Zi’ang was one of the competitors. He easily defeated his opponent, who was a disciple in the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

“Eleven and twelve, fight.” said Elder Sun. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath when he heard Elder Sun. After slowly walking up on stage, Bai Xiaochun had an imposing expression, then he saw a tall and skinny youth, who had a cold smile on his face, walk up.

This young man’s cultivation was not bad. He was at the fifth level of Qi Condensation. His eyes looked like they had electricity coursing through them. He seemed quite hard to deal with.

“Junior Brother, blame your bad luck for encountering me. It’s not too late to give up, otherwise, I won’t take any responsibility for your wounds after we fight.” the tall and skinny youth said coldly.

At the exact same moment this young man began talking, Bai Xiaochun abruptly let out a loud roar.

This roar was filled with energy. It shocked quite a few of the surrounding people, as well as the tall and skinny youth. The young man subconsciosly took a few steps back. When he looked at Bai Xiaochun again, he was stunned.

After letting out the roar, Bai Xiaochun slapped the jade tablet on his body. At that moment, a thick layer of cyan light suddenly appeared and shrouded his body. However, he still felt that it wasn’t enough, so he took out a large handful of talismans, then slapped all of them on his body. Every time a talisman fell off, a beam of light would appear around his body. Soon, over ten beams of light had appeared. They merged together and turned into a shield of light which was four chi thick. From afar, it looked shocking.

“Bring it on!” Bai Xiaochun’s muffled voice came from within the shield of light.

The tall and slim young man was completely stunned. Not only him, the surrounding outer sect disciples, including the other competitors, were all stunned speeechless. They had seen a lot of small competitions, but this was the first time that they saw someone protect themselves to this extent.

Li Qinghou’s face twitched, his eyes showed helplessness.

Chen Zi’ang gasped deeply. He was now even more certain that Li Qinghou and Bai Xiaochun were relatives. Du Lingfei snorted, looking at Bai Xiaochun with even more scorn than before.

In the arena in front of everyone, the tall and skinny young man let out a deep growl and made some hand seals. Immediately after, a wooden sword darted straight towards Bai Xiaochun.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31A - This is Outrageous!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 31A - This is Humiliating!

ED note: its a long chapter, so we’re releasing it in two parts

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The scrawny young man’s wooden sword brought up quite a gale as it transformed into a rainbow streak and darted towards Bai Xiaochun. However, before it could get close to Bai Xiaochun’s body, the wooden sword heavily smashed into the thick light shield and rebounded back with a “peng”.

Inside the light shield, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly shone. His confidence rose and he even sat down with his legs crossed.

The surrounding people were all stunned as they looked at Bai Xiaochun’s light shield and took glances at each other, without knowing what to say. They had seen people who were good at defence, but they had never seen someone who tried so hard to defend himself.

The young man’s face showed embarrassment as he gnashed his teeth and let out a roar. He then manipulated the sword and made it explode out with even more power. Once again, the wooden sword darted towards the shield of light.

Loud booms echoed one after another. The wooden sword attacked Bai Xiaochun over and over again, but each time it hit, it would be rebounded back by the shield of light. At last, the scrawny young man’s face turned a deadly pale colour. His eyes showed despair when he realized that he had already spent as much as half of his Qi.

He had fought against others for years, but this was the very first time that he met an enemy who was like a turtle. He didn’t want to lose, he intended to fight for the top three this time. The young man let out another roar towards the sky, his eyes were bloodshot. He then yelled out at Bai Xiaochun.

“Get out here so I can beat you up!”

“Come in if you’re good enough!” how could Bai Xiaochun fear him? As he heard the young man, Bai Xiaochun yelled back at him with an even louder voice from inside the shield.

All the others showed weird expressions when they looked at Bai Xiaochun.They did not know whether to laugh or cry. But the scrawny young man was so angry that blood vessels bulged out from under his skin. He bit his own tongue, then spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. The blood quickly merged with the wooden sword, making the wooden sword turn blood-red.

“Blood Spirit Magic!”

“He used this technique! It looks like this person was really angered to insanity!”

The audience quickly went into an uproar, at the same time the blood-red wooden word suddenly raised its speed, its power was also twice of what is was previously. The sword wrapped in a blood-red light flew straigth towards Bai Xiaochun.

With a thunderous boom, the wooden sword pierced into the three cun thick shield of light. After which, it continuously let out a buzzing sound. However, it couldn’t move another inch further, and because it had tried too hard to break the light shield, cracks appeared on its surface.

In the blink of an eye, with a cracking sound, the wooden sword…… unexpectedly, in the face of Bai Xiaochun’s defense, just shattered. It turned into an uncountable number of fragments and fell onto the ground.

The scrawny young man’s eyes popped out, before he spewed out another mouthful of blood out. His Qi was exhausted, and his magic treasure was destroyed. He became so angry that he passed out.

As Li Qinghou watched all this, his expression became even more unsightly. Elder Sun let out a bitter smile and checked on the scrawny young man’s condition. After making sure the man was alright, he let some other people carry him away. Only then did Elder Sun give a cough and announced Bai Xiaochun’s victory.

“You went easy on me, otherwise I wouldn’t have won!” The light shield around Bai Xiaochun quickly faded away. He puffed his chest out with a serious face, appearing very proud of his victory. Once he let these words out, the scrawny young man, who was being carried away and had just regained consciousness, vomited another mouthful of blood before passing out once again.

Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly, cupped his hands towards Elder Sun, then flourished his sleeves and walked down from the arena.

Behind him, those outer sect disciples who were not in the competition weren’t so bad, they just looked at Bai Xiaochun with weird expressions. But the faces of those disciples, who were also competitors were extremely unsightly as they when they looked at Bai Xiaochun.

Especially those who had won their matches. After they saw what happened to the scrawny young man, they couldn’t help but become extra vigilant towards Bai Xiaochun.

The competition carried on. Soon, the other disciples had finished their matches. The twenty competitors, faced of against each other in groups of two. Until finally, the top ten people were chosen.

Both Du Lingfei and Chen Zi’ang were in the top ten. Bai Xiaochun raised his head, looked at the other nine competitors, murmmured to himself.

“I just have to win one more round and I’ll have succeeded!” He fired himself up by telling himself that the hope was right in front of him.

“Now, the top five will be determined from the ten of you. All of you, come take a numbered ball again.” Elder Sun glanced at the ten competitors,pausing briefly on Bai Xiaochun, then said slowly.

This time Bai Xiaochun darted out first. He took out a small ball that had the number two from the bag in front of Elder Sun. After which, he turned his attention to the others.

Soon, everyone got their numbers. When Elder Sun announced the next fight, only Bai Xiaochun and a muscular man remained on the arena. This muscular man was tall and sturdy and upon seeing his enemy was Bai Xiaohcun, he laughed out loud.

“The others might be worried about your defensive tricks, but I, Li, don’t care at all. What I’m best at is defense. Between the two of us, let’s find out who can last until the end on this stage!” While speaking merily, the muscular man raised his right hand and patted his storage pouch, soon after a small shield flew out from it. As soon as he sent in his qi, the small shield expanded, released a yellow glow, and enveloped his body.

(TL note: Li refer to himself as 李某 it’s similar to how people use 老子 but rather than father, means Mr/Ms Li)

This wasn’t all. The muscular man then let out a deep growl, followed by all of his muscles bulging, which shockingly made him look cun taller than before.

“Unexpectedly, he trains in a Body Cultivation Technique!”

“That small shield looks familiar, could it be the Morning Light Shield, which requires nine thousand contribution points to obtain?!” While the surrounding people were shocked, Bai Xiaochun frowned.

Even Elder Sun slightly nodded after he saw what had just happened in the arena, praise was shown in his eyes. He then said to Li Qinghou, who stood next to him, in a low voice.

“This kid, named Li Shan, is in the fifth level of Qi Condensation, and was naturally born with great strength, moreover, he is especially good at defense.”

Li Qinghou slightly nodded and looked at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun stared at this muscular man, who seemed as if he had reshaped his own body. Then he looked at the small shield and recognized it as a treasure, which he saw in the Treasure Pavilion, but didn’t have enough contribution points to trade for. He frowned again.

All the others showed interest in their eyes. Especially the other competitors, most of whom were glad to see Bai Xiaochun’s misfortune.

“This white and tender junior brother is going to be miserable.”

“He was just lucky. Now that he has encountered such a powerful enemy, he’ll natrually be beaten.”

“You’re out of options. I’m not like the junior brother who fought against you before. I don’t need any weapons to attack. My fists are the best method!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31B - This is Outrageous!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 31B - This is Outrageous!

The muscular man was very fast. He brought up a fierce gust of wind when he moved. Seeing this muscular man dart towards him, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone brightly, and at the same time, he raised his right arm and pointed his finger forward. Following this motion, a wooden sword flew out from his storage pouch.

His wooden sword flew forward and without delay, it hacked down on the muscular man, who was charging at Bai Xiaochun.

While launching this attack, sword qi spread out over several zhang, then fell .

This muscular man’s facial expression instantly changed. His scalp almost burst open, and his pupils suddenly shrunk. A sense of danger suddenly filled his body, making him subconsciously step back. He let out a great shout and waved his arms. At that moment, the small shield beside him blocked a blow.(TLC note: Er gen left an incomplete sentence)

With a “thud” the small shield stopped the wooden sword. But the moment the shield and the sword met, the shield failed to block even a little bit of the sword’s power and was blown away. The sword then swished towards the muscular man.

The muscular man was stunned. No matter how fast he was, the sword would still be faster than him. In the blink of an eye, the wooden sword arrived in front of his face. It made him feel as if his body had been thrown into a cave of ice.

“I concede!”

The muscular man hastily shouted out, even his voice rose by an octave.

With a buzzing sound, the wooden sword abruptly stopped right between the man’s eyebrows, then flew back into Bai Xiaochun’s storage pouch.

Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes in silence. He was shocked by his own wooden sword as well. He had only practiced with it before this fight and had just discovered the extent to which its power had grown. Furthermore, this was the result without using the method of Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light.

He rolled his eyes, raised his chin, and looked at the muscular man expressionlessly, with hands behind his back.

The muscular man had paled, but his eyes showed that he hadn’t accepted his defeat. He glared at Bai Xiaochun as he stood up.

“You won the fight with the power of your sword, I don’t believe that you could’ve beaten me without it!” said the muscular man, then turned around and walked down from the arena.

Elder Sun glanced at Bai Xiaochun. He too was shocked by the power of Bai Xiaochun’s sword. Without another word he announced Bai Xiaochun’s victory.

“Haha, I can just concede the next fight, I cultivate myself for nothing but longevity. All this fighting and killing is too barbaric for me. They are not things that I, Bai Xiaochun, want to do.”

Bai Xiaochun was quite happy as he walked down from the arena. He had already accomplished Li Qinghou’s demand, he was now definitely in the top five.

Li Qinghou fixed his eyes on Bai Xiaochun. While the others had only paid attention to the great power of Bai Xiaochun’s wooden sword, Li Qinghou had focused on Bai Xiaochun’s sword-manipulation skill instead.

As for the crowd, after seeing Bai Xiaochun win another round again, they were left discontent.

“That person must be rich. That wooden sword is outstanding, hmph, if I had such a magic treasure, I could win as well!”

“Magic treasures are merely tools, this person used all those defensive spells at first, then that magic treasure, but he must have neglected his real cultivation. In the future, he will certainly suffer for it.”

These kinds of jealous discussions didn’t last too long. In the following fights amongst the other competitors, Du Lingfei’s opponent was quite talented as well, and very powerful. In that fight Du Lingfei didn’t use her banners again, instead, she took out a flying sword. The two of them fought against each other with all kinds of methods for quite a while, and while everyone was staring in a daze, Du Lingfei’s flying sword suddenly raised its speed and rushed towards her opponent.

Such a quick speed had surpassed the object manipulation speed of ordinary disciples. The audience was stunned by this and soon exclaimed with realization.

“The Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light method!”

“How did she achieve such a high level…”

“Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light method!” Elder Sun’s eyes brightened, he looked at Du Lingfei with surprise.

Li Qinghou slightly nodded.

Chen Zi’ang was also shocked, as well as the other competitors in the top ten. Du Lingfei’s opponent let out a bitter smile, cupped his hands and conceded.

Du Lingfei stood on the arena, proudly looking at the surrounding people, then cupped her hands towards Li Qinghou and Elder Sun, before walking down from the arena.

But that didn’t stop the audience’s discussions.

Only Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes.

“This speed can be counted as Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light method?” Bai Xiaochun thought with astonishment.

Du Lingfei proudly walked down from the arena. Her forehead was slightly sweating. She had fought two fights in a row and although she was in the peak of the fifth level of Qi Condensation, she had spent quite a lot of Qi, especially just now. Her opponent was quite powerful, forcing her to use her Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light method, which allowed her to win quickly, but consuming a lot of Qi in the process.

Her target was the first place, but in the upcoming fights, her opponents would only be more and more powerful. This kind of small competition between outer sect disciples didn’t have many regulations and it didn’t give competitors much time to rest either. Therefore, she immediately took out a round pill, placed it in her mouth and swallowed it. She then closed her eyes, attempting to recover as much of her Qi as possible.

By now, the first five had already been determined. Besides Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei, there were also Chen Zi’ang and two other young men, all of whom were in the fifth level of the Qi Condensation.

At this moment, the other four were all silently trying their best to recover their Qi and strength as much as possible.

Only Bai Xiaochun hadn’t consumed any Qi, not even a the slightest bit. He now stood on the other side of the arena as if the upcoming fights had nothing to do with him, yawning. All the other competitors, who hadn’t made it into the top five, wanted to beat him upon seeing this.

Bai Xiaochun had already managed to get into the top five just as Li Qinghou had demanded, therefore, he didn’t care about the upcoming fight at all.

With nothing to do, he was bored, so he directed his attention at the others, especially Du Lingfei. Bai Xiaochun thought, that if this girl’s object manipulating speed could be counted as Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light method, then he could obviously do much better than her.

“But this girl is too ferocious. She’s such a nice girl, why does she like fighting so much? Perhaps all these cultivating girls are abnormal? Zhou Xinqi was also very prideful and Hou Xiaomei has a really strange and volatile temper.” Bai Xiaochun shook his head while murmuring to himself. Just when he was about to turn his eyes away from Du Lingfei, she seemed to have sensed his gaze and suddenly opened her eyes, giving Bai Xiaochun a cold look.

Du Lingfei hadn’t considered Bai Xiaochun as a real competitor from the very beginning. Combined with the fact that in her eyes, the victories in his last two fights were due to luck, her discontent with Bai Xiaochun only increased.

“What? How dare she glare at me?!” Bai Xiaochun immediately felt indignant. He glared back at Du Lingfei. As long as he didn’t need to fight, kill and be hurt, Bai Xiaochun had never been afraid of this kind of aggressive eye contact in his whole life.

Du Lingfei frowned. Her followers behind her were all outraged by Bai Xiaochun as well, staring daggers at Bai Xiaochun.

“They’re too many. Besides, a gentleman should not pick a fight with women.” When he saw this many glares, some of them even threatening, Bai Xiaochun felt that his glare alone had lost its power. He snorted and quickly turned his eyes away. At this moment, Elder Sun’s voice rose and resounded throughout the entire arena.

“Good, all of you have done quite well in this small competition, now that we have already determined the top five, we can carry on. The five of you, come and take your numbered balls to determine your opponents. The competitor who grabs the number five ball will get into what we call ‘empty fight’, and will directly advance into the top three.” Elder Sun let out a smile, then raised his right hand, with the bag containing the numbered balls instantly appearing in front of him.

This time, Chen Zi’ang rushed up first. He frowned when he took out the small ball and saw the number four written on it.

Du Lingfei walked up to Elder Sun and took out a small ball as well, her number was two. The other two outer disciples each took out a small ball from the bag, one of them got one, and the other, three.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t even need to take his number ball, the last number was five, and he would be in the empty fight.

The pleasant surprise was evident in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. He grinned, crossed his arms in front of his chest, then walked down from the arena, standing beside it. He looked at Du Lingfei and the other three competitors, feeling no pressure at all. He wasn’t even planning on continuing to compete, but now he didn’t need to do anything, and would directly enter the top three.

“Luck is also part of true power!” Bai Xiaochun proudly said.

His good luck made the others look at him with even weirder expressions, many outer sect disciples were quite unhappy about this outcome, especially those competitors who had lost their fights. They all felt very conflicted, they were angry at him, but envious of him as well.

This guy is too brazen, I can’t believe that after he entered the top five thanks to a magic treasure, he scored an empty fight and directly advanced into the top three!”

“This is outrageous! The very presence of this guy is the biggest blemish of today’s small competition!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32 - Luck that Defies the Heavens
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 32 - Luck that Defies the Heavens

The emotions stirring at the bottom of one’s heart weren’t limited only to the audience. Even Du Lingfei felt a bit envious towards Bai Xiaochun’s luck, and so did Chen Zi’ang and the other competitors. The four of them who entered the top five had expended a lot of energy in each of their matches. If any one of the four had received the chance to skip a round and rest for a while, they would definitely have an enormous advantage in the following matches.

Elder Sun glanced at Bai Xiaochun and smiled. He didn’t think too much about it. As for Li Qinghou, his expression remained unperturbed.

As Bai Xiaochun watched the commotion, Du Lingfei and the others began fighting. Du Lingfei’s strikes to her opponent were clean and precise. It was clear that she often took missions involving the hunting of wild beasts, and has seen plenty of blood and gore. Moreover, Du Lingfei’s technique of Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light was overwhelming. She used her speed not only to attack lightning fast, but also to defend her entire body.

This duel had completely absorbed the surrounding audience’s attention. The dangerous fighting styles the two used caused shocked cries to fill the air. Among the startled cries, a sharp and thin voice could easily be distinguished. It was imbued with a sense of momentum that lead the crowd’s rhythm.

“Uwah, good sword!”

“This technique, Heavenly Dragon’s Sweeping Tail, is just so good! No, stop! Turn back! Quickly turn back!”

“You can do it!!” Bai Xiaochun was completely immersed in the fight, to the extent that he had even began clapping. He was not even doing this on purpose, but rather, he truly felt that Du Lingfei had performed pretty well in this match. In his mind, he had long since dismissed himself as a competitor.

Bai Xiaochun’s actions caused Elder Sun to cough dryly a couple times. Beside him, Li Qinghou was still expressionless but in the bottom of his heart, he felt rather helpless. After all, Bai Xiaochun had truly accomplished his demands.

At this moment, Du Lingfei was fiercely battling with her opponent and didn’t have time for any distractions. Finally, when the match had persisted for the time it takes an incense stick to burn, Du Lingfei had finally managed to ‘lift the heavy as though it was light’ for the third time. Only then did she achieve victory.

However, she had already depleted more than half of her spirit Qi. As she exited the stage completely drenched in sweat, she heard Bai Xiaochun’s loud cheering . When she thought about how she had struggled and suffered to enter the top three while he hadn’t even exerted the slightest bit of effort to achieve the same results, she felt deeply wronged. She really wanted to violently beat him up.

Bai Xiaochun blinked. He had long since noticed that Du Lingfei did not like him. At this moment, Bai Xiaochun also felt deeply wronged as he blankly stared at the other party. This blank stare nearly caused Du Lingfei to lose control and attack him.

Chen Zi’ang’s match was easier in comparison. Even so, he too consumed some of his spirit Qi to achieve victory during his battle which lasted half the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.

He felt deep envy and jealousy toward Bai Xiaochun.

“The top three have been determined! The three of you are all the… pride of the Outer Sect. Come forward and pick your matches for the next round. The little ball that’s labelled three is considered a blank and will automatically advance you into the finals.” Elder Sun gave a dry cough. As he was speaking, he had paused shortly on the word ‘pride’. With a wave of his right hand, the small sack appeared again.

This time as well, Chen Zi’ang was the first to go over to pick out a small ball. When he saw the number two written on it, he sighed in his heart and walked to the side.

Du Lingfei took a deep breath. Just as she was about to step forward, she suddenly stopped and looked coldly towards Bai Xiaochun.

“You go first!” She said in an icy voice.

Bai Xiaochun had been spectating from the sides. When he heard Du Lingfei, he did not refuse as he walked over and inserted his right hand into the small sack. Du Lingfei directed her cold gaze towards him. It was not only her; all of the surrounding disciples were looking at his direction.

Even Elder Sun and Li Qinghou were staring at him.

Under the watchful gazes of the audience, Bai Xiaochun was actually a little shy. He really didn’t care what number he got so he randomly grabbed a small ball. When he took it out of the sack and peered at it, even he himself was momentarily stunned.

Number three.

“Well, you told me to pick first!” Bai Xiaochun coughed and looked at Du Lingfei who stood beside him.

Du Lingfei’s eyes revealed killing intent as she tightly clenched her fists, glaring at Bai Xiaochun. Her chest rose and fell violently as she felt like her rage could explode at any moment.

Chen Zi’ang’s eyes had also widened as his body froze in complete shock. He just couldn’t imagine that a person could be so lucky as to… pull a blank again.

The surrrounding disciples were all staring at the small ball nestled in Bai Xiaochun’s palm until they could tolerate it no longer. Soon, they began a loud clamor.

“He actually pulled a blank again! His name is Bai Xiaochun, right? He...What kind of luck does he have? To actually pull a blank twice in a row!”

“This shameless guy. Without doing anything, he advanced into the finals…”

“Damn it, for this kind of person to enter the finals! If I had that kind of luck, I could have also done it!” As the surrounding crowd bursted into an uproar, the disqualified competitors within the crowd were also jealous to the extreme.

Elder Sun hesitated briefly, glancing towards Li Qinghou. Li Qinghou internally breathed out a long sigh. Concerning Bai Xiaochun’s luck, he was also truly impressed.

Bai Xiaochun felt that the atmosphere was not quite right so he smiled uncomfortably and hurriedly scampered off the stage. His expression was filled with embarrassment as he stood at the entrance.

“Sigh, I originally decided to admit my loss…” Bai Xiaochun looked at the small ball in his hand and also felt it was hard to believe.

Du Lingfei took a deep breath and took a good while to supress the sour feelings in her heart. She clenched her teeth and looked towards Chen Zi’ang. She had no choice but to concentrate on her match as Chen Zi’ang was a powerful opponent from what she had seen.

Chen Zi’ang smiled bitterly before he also took a deep breath and focused on Du Lingfei.

The two of them stared at each other for a couple of breaths. Time slowly inched forward before suddenly a loud -peng- resounded. This match could be said to be the most exciting battle so far. Chen Zi’ang unleashed his whole strength. In particular, he took out many funicles, transforming them into spirit plants that possessed offensive power during the battle itself. This method of using herbs caused Bai Xiaochun’s eyes to light up.

On Du Lingfei’s side, her skill with Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light manipulated the flying sword as it whooshed around. Further into the match, she even took out another wooden sword. The two flying swords intersected in the air, creating a garotte and instantly brought the battle’s intensity to a new high.

The two people had no way to maintain their trump cards for long and found it difficult to control their spirit Qi consumption. The battle was becoming only more and more intense.

Standing outside the stage, Bai Xiaochun watched the battle in high spirits, his cheers rose and fell.

This battle lasted for over an hour before finally, with a loud rumble, Du Lingfei unhesitatingly destroyed a wooden sword, completely shattering it into countless wooden splinters. With the speed from her Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light technique, the splinters flying towards Chen Zi’ang became deadly technique. This forced Chen Zi’ang to continuously retreat. His spirit Qi was already completely exhausted so he released a long sigh before choosing to admit his defeat.

When the surrounding disciples saw the tragic outcome of this match, their eyes revealed both admiration and respect. They were thoroughly convinced of Du Lingfei’s prowess and even Chen Zi’ang’s standing was raised by this match.

Although he had lost, his fame would definitely spread in the following days.

Elder Sun was also fairly satisfied, especially with Du Lingfei, to the extent that he even considered taking her as a disciple.

Similarly, no matter what the results of this little competition were, Bai Xiaochun’s name would also spread...

When Chen Zi’ang’s words of defeat echoed out, Du Lingfei’s face was deathly pale. She stood on the stage with unsteady legs, her spirit Qi was almost completely depleted. At that moment, she took a deep breath, took out a medicine pill and swallowed it, but she already knew that this was useless since it would not replenish much of her Qi. What she needed right now was to cross her legs and meditate for an hour. After all, she had already continuously battled for four rounds.

But the rules of this small competition dictated that disciples would not receive much time to rest since after all, this competition was only a minor one.

“Bai Xiaochun, get the hell up here!” Du Lingfei gritted her teeth, her eyes revealing a ferocious killing intent as she gazed towards Bai Xiaochun who stood outside the stage. She wanted to use the time she had left before her spirit Qi would completely dry up to end the problem; this damned Bai Xiaochun who had relied on his sheer luck to enter the finals.

The moment Du Lingfei’s words left her mouth, the surrounding audience all looked towards Bai Xiaochun, their gazes exposing their glee from his impending misery. From their perspective, even if Du Lingfei was completely exhausted, she could still easily take care of Bai Xiaochun and achieve victory.

Bai Xiaochun blinked. As he gazed at Du Lingfei who was already unsteady on her feet, he suddenly felt like… he could attain first place.

“This time, I, Bai Xiaochun, can finally establish my name in front of thousands of people. After I step up and display my skill in Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light, I will make the surrounding people exclaim from surprise.” Bai Xiaochun puffed up his chest, an awe-inspiring image surfacing in his mind. Thus, with large strides, he stepped onto the stage.

But at the instant that Bai Xiaochun entered the stage, Du Lingfei’s eyes glinted coldly. With a violent point of her right hand, the wooden sword at her side instantly shot towards Bai Xiaochun.

The killing intent clearly spread outwards, causing a chill to instantly pass through the surroundings. It was obvious that Du Lingfei had put the energy of all the spirit Qi she could muster into this sword which made its power extraordinary.

What was even more shocking was that in this instant, Du Lingfei’s body also violently shot fowards and actually caught up with her sword! She pressed a finger onto the hilt as her body seemed to fuse together with the flying sword, destroying boundaries to become a single entity. She flew directly at Bai Xiaochun.

With a loud rumble, the speed of the flying sword instantly exploded to unbelievable heights, even eclipsing the speed she had used when fighting Chen Zi’ang earlier, creating a high pitched whistle. Then, with an air-splitting sound, the sword transformed into a long streak of light as it rapidly approached Bai Xiaochun.

All the surrounding people became excited. They yelled in shock as their attention was drawn to this sword.

“One Sword Flying Immortal!”

“Senior Sister Du has actually mastered that sword technique!”

Elder Sun’s eyes lit up brightly and Li Qinghou also nodded his head slightly. These two people could naturally see that in reality, Du Lingfei had not completely mastered that technique. Instead, at the moment when her spirit Qi almost completely dried up, she had spread out her power and with a single breath of spirit Qi, and she had actually managed to manifest the power of this sword technique.

“To comprehend the meaning of this sword technique under such desperate circumstances, this Du Lingfei is truly not bad. This girl is actually more suited for the Green Peak Mountain.” Li Qinghou’s eyes shone with approval.

At this moment, all the outer sect disciples on the scene were watching with great excitement. It was as if all the scenery before their eyes had blurred in contrast with Du Lingfei and the figure she formed when she fused with her sword that was exceptionally clear.

The sword that whistled and the person that followed the sword -- this became a startling strike. Du Lingfei’s expression was filled with exhaustion but her gaze revealed a sharp glint. She had complete confidence that with this strike, she would achieve victory.

At this time, just as the flying sword and Du Lingfei approached Bai Xiaochun, he squinted his eyes. His entire figure rumbled. The jade tablet, the curse tags, all of them shot outwards, forming layers of protection as he rapidly retreated.

But this flying sword was clearly not an ordinary weapon. It penetrated past all the defences, layer by layer. Even though its speed plummeted and it could not break apart the brilliant rays of protection, it still completely pierced through them, with the tip of the sword piercing into Bai Xiaochun’s body.

However, it seemed it couldn’t go any further. The moment it pierced Bai Xiaochun’s body, it became stuck and moved according to the sway of his body as he retreated. From his torn outer clothing, one could see that there were actually layers and layers of leather armour underneath.

The surrounding people who saw what had happened all stared in shock, their jaws agape. One by one, they sucked in their breath.

“This...this Bai Xiaochun, his body has yet another defense?!”

“This guy should just go and die! Is this really necessary? It’s just a small sect competition but not only does he have defensive treasures and talismans, he’s also wearing multiple layers of leather armour?”

Du Lingfei’s face was deathly pale. She looked at Bai Xiaochun, who was rapidly retreating like a rabbit whose tail had been stepped on - not only was he lightning fast but her flying sword had also stuck onto him. She gritted her teeth and pointed a finger to pull back the flying sword but her spirit Qi had depleted to the extent that only a strand of it was left. At the moment, no matter how she tried to move it, the flying sword only trembled without being able to extract itself from the leather armour.

In the end, Du Lingfei lost her patience and revolved her spirit Qi within her body again. Before the flying sword could even be extracted, fresh blood spilled from the corners of her mouth. She took a few staggering steps back before she could no longer stand steadily and dropped down on the ground. Her complexion was ghostly white and the spirit Qi within her had been completely depleted.

In her heart, she felt infinitely wronged. Thinking about how this Bai Xiaochun had effortlessly progressed to the finals, barely consuming any spirit Qi while she had suffered and toiled for the same position, the discontent in her heart turned into fury. She gritted her teeth and glared directly at Bai Xiaochun. If looks could kill, Bai Xiaochun would definitely have been exterminated by her over and over again. In fact, if she had any strength left, she would even go forward and bite him violently.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. The speed of his retreat had been extremely fast since even he had not expected that Du Lingfei would possess such a technique.

And to think that his defences had been pierced.

“Fxxk, good thing I came up with another idea when I came here and put on seven layers of leather armour.” Bai Xiaochun glanced at the flying sword that was stuck in his shoulder. After penetrating his defensive layers, its power had already decreased. Since it had then been blocked by seven layers of leather, when it made contact with his skin, its power had already been reduced to almost nothing.

With his impenetrable skin, it only felt as if a mosquito bit him.

Bai Xiaochun’s face held traces of lingering fear. He looked at the flying sword that was stuck into his shoulder and with a heave, he pulled the the sword out and glanced at Du Lingfei who was breathing heavily as she sat on the floor, her eyes fixed in a death glare towards him.

“Senior Sister, it’s not right to throw your precious weapons around so recklessly. Don’t you want this sword anymore? Since you don’t want it, I’ll keep it.” With a look of satisfaction, Bai Xiaochun put the flying sword in his storage sack. After that, he retrieved his small wooden sword, preparing to stun the audience by displaying his ability in Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light.

“You…” As Du Lingfei watched Bai Xiaochun take her flying sword away, her eyes had already turned red. She was about to go mad. Her rage shot to her heart and she actually fainted from anger.

In this small competition, this was already the second person who had fainted from being angered by Bai Xiaochun.

“Eh, fainted again?” Bai Xiaochun stared at the unconcious Du Lingfei, holding on to his small wooden sword helplessly.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular chapter 1/3 for the week

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33 - Beat Bai Xiaochun Down!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 33 - Beat Bai Xiaochun Down!

(Note to readers: grand elder will be changed to ancestor from now on. This has been changed in the previous chapters as well.)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The surrounding outer sect disciples, as well as the eliminated contestants, now had a common enemy as they bellowed loudly at Bai Xiaochun.

“Shameless, Bai Xiaochun, you’re simply too shameless!”

“To win like this, I can’t accept that!!”

“Beat Bai Xiaochun down!”

As the surrounding voices intensified right before his eyes, so did Bai Xiaochun’s alarm. Since it had already come to this, even if he displayed his skill in Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light, he wouldn’t be able to quell the audience’s raging fury. In fact, he anticipated that it would probably achieve the opposite effect, it would give them a deeper impression of shamelessness… so he quickly turned towards Elder Sun.

“Elder Sun, I’m ranked first. Quickly announce it!”

Elder Sun smiled bitterly while Li Qinghou, who was beside him, released a long sigh. He could never have imagined that telling Bai Xiaochun to participate in this small competition would lead to this kind of consequences.

“Uh...never mind. This time’s small competition, Bai Xiaochun, ranked first!” Elder Sun shook his head with a bitter smile. The moment his words resounded out, the surrounding people all angrily glared at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun felt that he was very powerful, but with this many people… the way he was being stared at made his heart anxious. But just as he wanted to exit the stage and leave this threatening atmosphere, Du Lingfei, at the side, was awakened by others. She breathed heavily while furiously gnashing her teeth and shot a death glare towards Bai Xiaochun, before a shriek left her mouth.

“Bai Xiaochun, in this time’s small competition, I, Du Lingfei, cannot accept this!

“Since you’ve become number one, then count your rank as something I, Du Lingfei, bequeath to you. But I cannot accept you as a person. Do you dare to compete with me once more?”

Bai Xiaochun chuckled without pausing his footsteps. In his heart, he thought that there must be something wrong with him if he agreed to compete another time with that crazy girl. If she fainted again, what would he do then?

“We won’t compete in battle techniques. The two of us are both outer sect disciples and medicine apprentices of Scented Cloud Mountain. We will compete in herbology achievements!” Du Lingfei’s gaze was fixed on Bai Xiaochun as she enunciated her words one by one, her voice imbued with resolution.

“If you win, then you can take that Green Pine Sword. Otherwise, with regards to what has transpired today I, Du Lingfei, will never forgive you!”

Bai Xiaochun suddenly stopped in his tracks. When he heard ‘compete in the herbology achievements’, he turned his head to look at Du Lingfei, hesitating for a brief moment.

“Bai Xiaochun, if you can exceed me in herbology achievements, then you can also take this Soaring Cloud Incense!” When Du Lingfei noticed that Bai Xiaochun had stopped and saw his hesitation, her eyes revealed hatred and even a faint killing intent towards Bai Xiaochun. Since she was afraid that he would not dare to accept her challenge, she reached into her storage pouch and retrieved a stalk of bluish-purple incense.

The moment the incense was taken out, waves of Qi wafted out. When the surrounding outer sect disciples saw this Soaring Cloud Incense, their eyes were slowly filled with envy.

“A spirit medicine of the first level, the Soaring Cloud Incense… it can be counted as good among first level spirit medicines. It is quite valuable and will produce miraclous effects on Qi Condensation practicioners of the seventh level and below.”

“This should be something that cost Du Lingfei quite a lot. She must have prepared it in order to break through the fifth level of Qi Condensation…”

“Senior Sister Du is already ranked within the top twenty on the first three stone steles in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion. This Bai Xiaochun is destined to lose!”

Bai Xiaochun instantly recognised the Soaring Cloud Incense. The effects of this medicine were introduced in the Soaring Cloud Grass’s section in the third volume of herbs. Instantly, his heart was stirred, especially after hearing the people around him say that his opponent was within the top twenty in the stone steles of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion, his eyes could not help but brighten up.

“You… you’re really in the top twenty of the herbology stone steles?” Seeking confirmation, Bai Xiaochun retreated a few steps before asking.

“Are you competing or not?!” Du Lingfei ground her teeth and said.

“But I’ve only studied only up to the third volume of herbs…” Bai Xiaochun replied with some hesitation.

“Then I’ll compete in the first three volumes with you! Do you dare to or not?” Du Lingfei bellowed in rage, feeling as though she was about to explode.

“I’ll compete… are you satisfied now?” When Bai Xiaochun heard her say this, his expression was one of tearful sorrow, but on the contrary, flowers had bloomed at the bottom of his heart from joy. He felt as though the Sister standing in front of him was rather silly.

Bai Xiaochun’s words raised a commotion in the audience. Du Lingfei also took a deep breath. Although the spirit Qi within her had not recovered much, her physical strength had somewhat replenished. She glared harshly at Bai Xiaochun before she took a few steps forward and cupped her hands towards Elder Sun.

“Disciple Du Lingfei requests Elder to witness the battle of herbology between Bai Xiaochun and I.”

Elder Sun’s impression of Du Lingfei only improved further and further. He stroked his beard while listeneing to her, before he finally opened his mouth with a trace of a smile.

“That’s fine. Today, this old man will bear witness here. Since we’re on the topic of competing in herbology, why not let the ancestor set the test?” Elder Sun looked towards Li Qinghou.

Hearing this, Li Qinghou looked deeply at Bai Xiaochun before nodding his head.

With this development, the surrounding disciples instantly grew excited. Even Du Lingfei felt invigorated, bowing to Li Qinghou in respect once again.

This kind of competition where he was able to display his superiority without any violence was what Bai Xiaochun liked the most. As he stood there in that moment, he no longer put on a tear-stricken expression, rather, he lifted his chin, appearing as lofty as the heavens. When the surrounding people saw this, they were even more displeased. Even Du Lingfei humphed coldly at him.

“The path of herbology is flexible and unpredictable. Although it is only three volumes worth of content, there still exist numerous variables. Today, I will set two problems. Let’s see who will attain victory between the two of you.” Li Qinghou said blandly, his gaze sweeping across Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei as he raised his right hand. With a pat on his storage pouch, two stalks of seeds appeared in the center of his palm.

“In my hand are two batches of flower seeds. Using your spirit Qi as a catalyst to stimulate the growth of these herbs, the victor shall be the person who can produce the most spirit flowers.”

Just as Du Lingfei received her batch of seeds with hesitation, Li Qinghou flicked a medicine pill that shot directly towards her. She caught it with a startle.

“This pill will restore your cultivation to peak condition.” Li Qinghou’s calm voice carried over. Du Lingfei was pleasantly surprised and hurriedly swallowed the pill after thanking him. In the span of a few breaths, her entire body shook before her eyes sparkled with the light of the flowing spirit energy. Her inner strength had been completely restored.

When Bai Xiaochun saw this scene from the side, he felt somewhat displeased but did not dare to say anything. Looking down at the spirit seed resting in his palm, he did not immediately begin to catalyse it, instead, he brought it in front of his eyes and inspected it carefully.

“If you can’t recognise it, I can tell you straightaway -- this is the seed of the Blue Spirit Flower.” Du Lingfei glanced scornfully at Bai Xiaochun before ignoring him completely. She closed her eyes and circulated the Qi within her body and guided it into her hands. Strands of Qi surged directly into the seeds.

Very soon, crisp green sprouts emerged from the seeds resting in her palm which grew with lightning speed. Before long, they had already reached a chi tall. Even after the first blue-coloured spirit flower blossomed, the plant continued growing.

Only at this moment did Bai Xiaochun stop examining the seed. He appeared as if he had realized something.

Li Qinghou had been observing Bai Xiaochun all along. When he saw this scene, a trace of nearly undetectable shock was revealed in the depths of his gaze.

During the time Bai Xiaochun had spent pondering, the surrounding disciples were all looking at Du Lingfei. By this point, the spirit plant in her hands had already grown to a height of two chi and a second flower had bloomed.

When the spirit plant in Du Lingfei’s hands sprouted a third flower, Bai Xiaochun finally mobilised his inner Qi, sending it into the seeds. Instead of maintaining a continuous flow, his Qi ebbed and surged. When the seeds finally sprouted, he even blew out a puff of air, blowing the seedling away.

Time continued to flow. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Du Lingfei’s face turned slightly pale but she clenched her teeth, and within a single breath, the spirit plant she was holding grew to the point where a sixth flower blossomed. Only then did she exhale, put the spirit plant aside and bowed in respect towards Li Qinghou.

“Six spirit flowers. This can be considered as a high grade product. Not bad.” Li Qinghou nodded.

In her heart, Du Lingfei was satisfied. When she looked towards Bai Xiaochun and noticed that the latter’s spirit plant was not even a single chi long, the contempt in her gaze grew even fiercer.

At this moment, the surrounding outer sect disciples all grew excited.

“That’s Senior Sister Du for you. For six blue spirit flowers to bloom, that’s truly extraordinary. That Bai Xiaochun hasn’t even created one, what an utter trash.”

“For this kind of catalysis competition, the first step is to observe what kind of seed is involved and then catalyse based on the growth patterns of each kind of seed. In this area, Senior Sister Du’s skill is can already be considered exceptional.”

While the audience were still discussing this, the spirit plant in Bai Xiaochun’s hands slowly reached the height of one chi. Immediately afterwards, a somewhat wilted blue flower popped out. Compared to the blue flowers produced by Du Lingfei, it appeared malnourished. But suddenly, amidst the mocking laughter of the spectators, a second small blue flower began to bloom despite the height of the plant clearly being a mere one chi. And then, a third flower, then a fourth one, a fifth, a sixth, a seventh...

In the short span of a few breaths, a whole nine flowers had actually sprouted on the spirit plant in Bai Xiaochun’s hands.

This scene caused a great shock to ripple through the audience as they carefully observed this inconceivable development.

“Blue Spirit Flowers bloom only once every chi. How can there be nine flowers on a single chi!” Du Lingfei was also stunned, feeling as though what was happening was simply unbelievable.

But it wasn’t over yet. The moment the ninth small blue flower appeared, Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes and took a deep breath before exhaling abruptly. When this breath, which was saturated with spiritual energy, landed on the nine small flowers, the nine flowers shook in unison before their colour changed into an azure shade in the blink of an eye.

Azure originates from blue but it is superior to blue!

“This...This isn’t a Blue Spirit Flower!” Within the surrounding crowd, someone instantly recognised the flower, widening his eyes and shouting in shock.

“Azure Spirit Flower, as a seed, it is almost indistinguishable from the Blue Spirit Flower. And its catalysis methods are entirely different. If the method used to catalyse Blue Spirit Flowers is used on it, then only Blue Spirit Flowers will appear which is a complete waste of the seed.”

Everyone in the audience was taken aback as they stared at Bai Xiaochun in disbelief.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes and put the Azure Spirit Flower in his hands aside. He chuckled before clasping his hands behind his back and looking towards Du Lingfei.

His ability to create herbs had already reached a level that was difficult to describe. Upon careful inspection, he had instantly picked out the differences. To him, deduction of merely this level was child’s play.

Du Lingfei’s expression changed as she felt like someone had just slapped her face. She took a few steps back, glanced at her own Blue Spirit Flowers, before looking at Bai Xiaochun’s Azure Spirit Flowers. She could only feel shame burning on her face. Just now, she had loftily pointed out the other party’s shortcomings, but now, the tables had turned and everything was testimony to the fact that she had wasted those seeds.

“This Bai Xiaochun must have gotten lucky. I was looking at a Blue Spirit Flower while he was looking at an Azure Spirit Flower. That must be the case. It should not be because he can differentiate between them!” Du Lingfei clenched her teeth and reasoned in her heart.

“Bai Xiaochun has won the first round. This type of flower is indeed not Blue Spirit but rather, Azure Spirit. They might look the same but their patterns are different. It is just that if a person isn’t careful, then the differences are hard to spot and they are easily mixed up.” Li Qinghou said blandly as he eyed Bai Xiaochun. With a wave of his right hand, a stalk of spirit grass appeared in his palm.

This spirit grass was very unique. It actually displayed four kinds of colours and each of its nine leaves were different. Among the two flowers that had bloomed, one was black and the other was white, and they appeared to be spiritually connected as they swayed and knocked against each other repeatedly, as though each flower wanted to suppress the other. Although it appeared to be a single entity, upon closer inspection, some marks caused by grafting could be spotted.

“The first round tested catalysis. Then for the second round, we shall focus on recognition. How many kinds of spirit grass were grafted together to form this spirit plant I am holding? The person who gets the highest number of correct answers will be the victor.”

Li Qinghou levitated this stalk of spirit grass in front of them as his gaze landed on Bai Xiaochun. He wanted to see whether this child who he had brought into the sect could startle him once again.

Du Lingfei gritted her teeth. She felt that she had been too negligent earlier so with great concentration, she took out a jade tablet and walked closer to the spirit grass.

A trace of interest appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s gaze as he also approached it. The two of them inspected the plant for a long time, recording on their jade tablets every once in a while. At some point, Du Lingfei rubbed the bridge of her nose and took a few steps back, gazing at Bai Xiaochun with a darkened, indecipherable expression. She had managed to distinguish eight types of plants. As for the rest, no matter how hard she tried to identify them, she could not recognize them.

But Bai Xiaochun had not only concluded his observations, his eyes were also slowly brightening up. He even hummed softly as he circled around the spirit grass a few times, occassionally releasing a shocked cry, as though he had been struck with a delectable enlightenment.

“So this is actually possible?”

“This is… interesting!”

The surroundings had fallen into complete silence as they looked at Bai Xiaochun. They also did not believe that Bai Xiaochun had been able to recognize the plant from earlier. Most of them thought that it was only because Bai Xiaochun had good luck and directly assumed that it had been the Azure Spirit Flower and then catalysed accordingly.

“Act, keep acting!” From the bottom of her heart, Du Lingfei looked down on him. The more she looked at him, the more she despised him.

Time continued to flow. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn had passed, Bai Xiaochun had still not finished. He was truly completely absorbed in his task, to the extent that he had forgotten it was a competition. This kind of grafted spirit grass seemed to have opened a floodgate within Bai Xiaochun’s mind. He no longer looked at those tens of thousands of herbal medicines as individual existences, instead, he integrated them together.

After a long time, Bai Xiaochun reluctantly retreated. As he gazed at the spirit grass, his eyes revealed obsession and admiration.

Li Qinghou and Elder Sun looked at each other before Li Qinghou suddenly opened his mouth.

“Okay, now the two of you can say the spirit grass you identified aloud. Du Lingfei, you go first.”

Du Lingfei gnashed her teeth, took out her jade tablet and began to list them out first.

“This disciple could only identify eight herbs. They are the Water Sky Ripple, First Root of Frost, Ground Dragon Fruit, Dawn Mist Grass… and the last one is the Yellow Earthen Essence!” As she finished speaking, Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun. She did not believe that Bai Xiaochun could exceed her. One should know that although eight kinds did not seem like a lot, in reality, identifying a part of a near perfectly grafted spirit grass was extremely difficult. To be able to identify eight was already quite a lot.

“Hm, if Bai Xiaochun also shamelessly says the same, then the jade tablet can act as evidence!” Du Lingfei smiled coldly as she reasoned darkly.

Bai Xiaochun coughed once. As he noticed that all the gazes of the audience were on him, he flourished his short sleeves and took out the jade tablet he had recorded on just now.

“Outside of the eight kinds that Senior Sister Du identified, this disciple has identified sixty-seven kinds of medicinal herbs. Unfortunately, I could not recognise thirty-one of them. I am only familiar with thirty-six.” When Bai Xiaochun spoke till here, without him even completing his sentence, the surrounding disciples had already all broken into exclamations of shock.

“Sixty-seven kinds, how is this possible!”

“For this kind of recognition task, recognizing eight kinds is already the limit. How can he recognize several dozens of types and more!”

Du Lingfei fixed her gaze on Bai Xiaochun and laughed coldly. Of course she would not believe the other party’s words and had decided that at that moment, Bai Xiaochun was just blindly bluffing.

“Junior Brother Bai, you might as well have said you identified thirty thousand types. If it’s like this, why not just recite the first three volumes of the herb almanac? You’ll definitely guess many of them.” Du Lingfei mocked.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular chapter 2/3 for the week

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34 - Triumphing in Herbology
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 34 - Triumphing in Herbology

Du Lingfei’s words immediately caused laughter to break out among the observing outer sect disciples. They just couldn't believe that Bai Xiaochun could best Du Lingfei in herbal knowledge.

Especially the words that Bai Xiaochun said at the end. To them, it sounded like the impossible. It was basically ignorant and foolish.

“If this Bai Xiaochun can really identify it, then his herbal knowledge in the first three volumes is comparable with Senior Sister Zhou Xinqi. How could that be!”

“This person is tricking us, how hateful! This time, we must expose him!”

Seeing as the people around him were continuously mocking him, Bai Xiaochun stood there, furrowing his brows.

“Has everyone finished speaking?” His expression slowly turned cold. He was really angry now. If they were in a fight, he wouldn’t behave in this manner. As a man whose goal was to become a great Medicine Master, being doubted in the matter of herbal knowledge was humiliating to him.

“All of you can doubt my fortune, as you can doubt my abundance of magic treasures, but for the ways in herbology, do not use your shallow insights to view the whole world.”

The way his voice echoed out, along with his stern expression, unexpectly gave people the impression that his small and skinny body was akin to tall mountains. His cold expression even more so stunned the outer sect disciples ridiculing him.

Even Du Lingfei was briefly stunned. In that moment, there was a too great of a difference with Bai Xiaochun’s previous demeanor. It was as though he was a whole different person.

“This mystical spirit grass is occasionally called Black-White Flower. It contains Gold-Silver Roots, Sky Yellow Leaves, Water Shell Grass, Nine Earth Fruit, Snail Thread Meat, Cloud-Edge Flower, Windseeking Stalks, Yang Fruit...:” Bai Xiaochun scoffed, flourishing his sleeves. In that moment, he no longer gave others the image that he was an obedient yet detestable boy. He had his hands behind his back, coldly gazing at the people around him. Slowly, there was an unfathomable aura exuded from him.

Followiing his speech, his momentum grew stronger and surprised looks surfaced on the spectators’ faces.

Especially Du Lingfei, whose eyebrows were tightly knit together while closely observing the mystical plant. She knew all about the herbs that Bai Xiaochun had mentioned, they were all recorded in the first three volumes of the herb almanac. But contrary to expectations, she was unable to identify this mystical plant at all.

“It seems that you really want to recite all the first three volumes of the herb almanac. In this way, there is no doubt that you will score higher than me. If you can really recite everything without missing a single one, then I will admit that you win this round.” Du Lingfei snorted. Until then, she still didn’t believe that Bai Xiaochun had truly identified it.

“That’s right! If you have the ability to do so, recite the first three volumes of the herb almanac. It would naturally be your win!”

“What trickery, what shallow insight, what viewing the world? I think that you’re actually the shallow one. If you can’t identiy it, then admit it straightaway instead of scamming people over there. What an eyesore!” The people all around him also sneered sarcastically.

Bai Xiaochun looked at Du Lingfei coldly, then he looked at everyone else. Suddenly, he smiled, retrieved his gaze, he opened his mouth to speak indifferently.

“Hundred Grass Root, thirty years to form Hundred Grass. By drying the meridians and adding in spirit water, grafting it on top of the Famine Leaf, a blotch is formed.” Bai Xiaochun pointed with his right hand and a gust of wind landed on the mystical plant, exposing a faint blotch on the plant..

“Famine Leaf. Every nine leaves combine together to form one leaf, devouring Scalding Flowers to grow. Right here!”

“Scalding Flowers. It does not bloom for a hundred years. Even when it blooms in a hundred years time, it is only for an instant.

”Four-Leafed Ginseng. Using mystical fire to roast it, its leaves dry, the extracted rich essence flows into the ginseng’s body. This can improve the Flat Shell’s development, fusing them into one!”

“There is also the Flat Shell...” Bai Xiaochun’s voice was calm. With every word that came out of his mouth, he explained in detail to the extent of even naming the method used. In the beggining everyone present still had a derisive expression on their faces, but those slowly disappeared. Faces quickly changed, followed by rapid breathing. The spectating crowd underwent a rapid transformation, till every last disciple present had an expression of disbelief. Some were even shocked to the point of being speechless.

“This is impossible!”

“Heavens, how could this be!”

Every sentence from Bai Xiaochun’s mouth was like an invisible slap across the face, aimed directly at those people’s. Everyone present was also herbal student. Previously they were unable to discover the mystical plant’s secrets, but under Bai Xiaochun’s detailed explanation, they all immediately recognised them.

Everything said by Bai Xiaochun turned out to be completely accurate without a single mistake. He suddenly became an awe inspiring person, slapping every single one of the disciples present across the face.

“This Bai Xiaochun’s herbal knowledge, it has unexpectedly… reached such astonishing levels!” The surrounding disciples were already in an uproar. The previous insults immediately stained their faces fiery red with pain.

What made them even more shocked than they already were, was how Bai Xiaochun had analyzed the plant. To directly explain the grafting methods used to create a grafted plant, this sort of Reverse Deduction required a person to have an astounding level of herbal knowledge to achieve.

“This… This is Reverse Deduction. He… His herbal knowledge is actually at this level…”

“As a herbal studnet, to deduce the mystical plant that the ancestor cultivated, this… this...” Elder Sun had also widened his eyes, his face one of disbelief.

There was an evident radiance in Li Qinghou’s gaze. The Bai Xiaochun in this instance was unbelievable.

Du Lingfei’s face quickly paled and she staggered backwards. Based on her herbal knowledge, once she heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, she immediately understood to the extent she felt faint many times.This kind of feeling embarrassed her to no end.

Bai Xiaochun then didn’t use any form of technique, only relying on words from his mouth, on his herbal knowledge. Every sentence that he spoke was like magical weapon, making Du Lingfei unable to parry his words. She only felt roaring in her head, as if the heavens were struck open by lightning, slowly retreating backwads, her face getting even paler.

“Pinellia Fire, Nine Summer. This is, from what I can see, the last mystical herb.” , Bai Xiaochun finally said his last sentence, his gaze like lightning. After sweeping the audience once over, he looked at Du Lingfei.

“Senior Sister Du, fellow disciples, herbalism is very profound. There is no absolute, for if there was, your herbal knowledge would only remain as it is. Since you wish for me to recite the first three volumes of the herbal almanac, where is the difficulty in that!” Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin up, flourished his sleeve and he actually remained there, reciting things one by one.

“Mystical Winter Bamboo…”

“Earth Dragon Fruit…”

“Water Ink Root...“ He calmly spoke, an indifferent expression on his face. Following his continuous recitations, his surroundings descended into silence. Only Bai Xiaochun’s voice resounded, as if after the previous slap across everyone’s face, he picked up his palm once again, dishing out a second one.

Those people listening intently, even though they had no face to see others, they also couldn’t help but gasp once again, stirring the air. Some even immediately took out their herbal jade tablets to compare. Those people who were comparing shuddered one by one, the shock in their eyes intensifying.

Du Lingfei’s face paled, retreating backwards. When she looked at Bai Xiaochun, it was as if she was looking at a ghost.

Previously, it was for the purpose of ridiculing him that she had said it. In reality, she had never met anyone that could recite all thirty thousand medicinal herbs. To her, this seemed impossible. If somone was able to do it, then that person’s herbal knowledge defied the laws of the heavens.

Fast forward in time, Bai Xiaochun’s recitation speed was quick, as if he recited it in a single breath, over an hour long. To the audience, how this hour had passed was unknown. They all seemed to have taken out their jade tablets to compare.

One whole hour after, when Bai Xiaochun named the last stalk of herb, everyone present, who was as deathly silent, erupted in cheers that echoed about. Even the disciples who were standing beyond the arena’s surroundings could faintly hear them.

“My gosh… Not a single one is wrong, all are correct! This… how could such a thing be true!”

“Thirty thousand types of medicinal herbs total… This Bai Xiaochun’s herbal knowledge is actually at such an extraordinary level. He… what is his ranking on the herbal steles?”

“Comparing Bai Xiaochun’s herbal knowledge to Du Lingfei’s is like hitting a rock with an egg!”

In the midst of the roaring crowd, Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun. An infinite bitterness filled her heart. Even in the previous fights, she had never felt like this. But now, in terms of herbal knowledge, it could be said that she had been completely crushed.

Never would she have imagined that the person before her eyes, the lucky Bai Xiaochun who used an abundance of magical treasures would actually have achieved such an unexpected level in herbal knowledge no matter how hard she tried.

This shock made her laugh miserably. Tossing out Soaring Cloud Incense, she turned around and quickly left. Staying here any longer would make her feel uncomfortable.

Du Lingfei’s depature made the surrounding disciples feel awkward. Everyone respectfully cupped their fist to the distant Bai Xiaochun silhouette before quickly leaving. One could only imagine how long would the shock from that day’s events linger in their hearts.

Very quickly, the disciples around the arena left till there were only a few left, leaving Bai Xiaochun standing there. He awkwardly coughed, feeling that previously… he had complicated things. Quickly retrieving Soaring Cloud Incense, he looked back carefully at Li Qinghou.

“This disciple… will take his leave first.” As Bai Xiaochun spoke, he quickly retreated, departing without a trace.

On the fighting stage, Elder Sun gazed upon Bai Xiaochun’s back, his eyes filled with shock.

“Ancestor, this boy is… extraordinary!” Elder Sun said softly.

Li Qinghou laughed heartily towards the sky, his laughter carrying his happiness. Flourishing his large sleeve, he made his way to the peak of the mountain.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular chapter 3/3 for the week, expect another chapter later today

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35 - Encountering Xu Baocai Once Again
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 35 - Encountering Xu Baocai Once Again

Half a month later, news of Bai Xiaochun’s triumphant victory over Du Lingfei had already spread among others and a commotion had risen within the sect.

Since then, disciples from the Outer Sect would always greet Bai Xiaochun with a smile whenever they see him out on the streets. Their actions led him to believe that he had became a famous figure. Hence, he enjoyed roaming around and striking up conversations with other disciples from the Outer Sect and then introduce himself, beaming with pride, to those who hadn’t heard of him.

Bai Xiaochun was delighted at the relaxed lifestyle that he was leading at the moment. He has also consumed the medicine pills from Du Lingfei after refining them thrice and this aided him in making his successful breakthrough from the fifth into the sixth level of Qi Condensation.

Through his vigorous training, Bai Xiaochun was mastering Lifting The Heavy As Though It Was Light and had even ventured into the second stage of the Purple Cauldron Qi Manipulation Technique, Lifting The Light As Though It Was Heavy.

It seemed easy to learn but despite all of Bai Xiaochun’s effort, he had been unable to cultivate it.

On one fine day, while Bai Xiaochun was seated cross-legged and cultivating Lifting The Light As Though It Was Heavy, his expression suddenly flickered. He held his wooden sword and focused his gaze on the outside of his courtyard. Not long after, he heard a knock on the door.

“Senior Bai, are you here?” Bai Xiaochun heard a familiar voice and he was astonished to find that he had a guest. There were few people that would visit him at his courtyard. He raised his right hand and pointed at the door, which opened itself with a creak to reveal a skinny lad behind it.

As soon as the door opened, the expression of the young lad, who was wearing the outfit of an outer sect disciple, turned respectful and he cupped his fist in the other hand to show his deep admiration towards Bai Xiaochun.

“I, Xu Baocai, extend my sincere greetings to Senior Bai”

“It’s you?” Bai Xiaochun was stumped for words as he realized that the Xu Baocai, whom challenged him to a death duel back at Burning Stoves Kitchen, was now right in front of him and addressing him as a senior. Xu Baocai had since then reached the third level of Qi Condensation and became a disciple of the Outer Sect.

“So… after becoming an outer sect disciple yourself, are you still feeling upset and unsettled about being defeated by me and came here to challenge me to another duel?” Bai Xiaochun asked while looking sternly at Xu Baocai. He felt at ease because he could tell that Xu Baocai had only cultivated to the third level of Qi Condensation.

Xu Baocai shook his head immediately after hearing those words, showing that Bai Xiaochun had mistaken his reason to visit. He let out a bitter smile and once again, extended his greetings to Bai Xiaochun.

“Senior Bai, I was naïve in the past, please do not ridicule me for my silliness anymore… I am here today to seek forgiveness from you and to resolve the conflict that we had in the past…” Xu Baocai said with sincerity. He truly wanted to resolve the conflict because ever since he became a disciple of the Outer Sect, conflicts that had happened in the past did not matter much to him anymore.

Most importantly, Bai Xiaochun was now a reputable figure in Scented Cloud Mountain and Xu Baocai had chosen to be an outer sect disciple of Scented Cloud Mountain. He came to seek forgiveness from Bai Xiaochun because he did not wish to get into unnecessary trouble because of their conflict in the past.

Bai Xiaochun blinked and recalled the events that had happened in the past. He could not help but be reminded of the Burning Stoves Kitchen and at this moment, he considered Xu Baocai to be an old acquaintance. He stood up and invited Xu Baocai into his cabin. The two of them then sat down and let out a sigh with regret.

“At the beginning, I couldn’t understand why you wrote the challenge letter in blood? Even though I understood your intention eventually, I am still curious; you used so much blood to write so many words, are you really not afraid of pain?” Bai Xiaochun asked. It was difficult for him to forget the blood-soaked challenge letter thrown at him back in the Burning Stove Kitchen.

When Xu Baocai thought about that incident, he felt his actions were outrageous. He was embarrassed and awkwardly avoided the question.

“Senior Bai, you must be careful of those handymen from the Administrative Department. I heard rumours that Chen Fei and his men still harbour deep hatred for you for pushing them to the mountain peak during your previous encounter with them.”

“Chen Fei?!” Bai Xiaochun was alerted upon hearing the name. Images of that man with a tough and burly build from the Administrative Department floated in Bai Xiaochun’s mind.

“What is his Qi Condensation level right now?” Bai Xiaochun asked with a lofty tone.

“I heard that he has cultivated to the peak of fourth level Qi Condensation.” Xu Baocai answered immediately. The reason that Xu Baocai was telling Bai Xiaochun all of this was because he wanted to show his good intentions and resolve the resentment between each other.

Bai Xiaochun calmed down and assumed a relaxed stance the moment he heard that Chen Fei was at the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

Xu Baocai stopped speaking about the Administrative Department and moved on to discuss the Spirit River Sect. Gradually, Bai Xiaochun realised that Xu Baocai was in the know about more affairs than himself, as though Xu Baocai knew about every major or minor event like the back of his hand. He also had sufficient knowledge of some secrets and was happy to share them in great details. Xu Baocai was especially knowledgeable of the gossips between some disciples within the Sect; he could speak about the gossips that he had heard so vividly and realistically, as though he had been there himself.

“Senior Bai, speaking of the Spirit River Sect, there are five great beauties. All five of them are stunningly gorgeous and if I could make one of them mine, I would have no regrets for the rest of my life.”

Bai Xiaochun was very interested and urged Xu Baocai to reveal more.

When Xu Baocai saw that Bai Xiaochun was engrossed with what he had said, and being someone that likes scouting information himself, he was radiant with delight as he continued his story.

“Of the five great beauties, they are equally pretty in terms of appearance; it is too difficult to determine which one of them is the prettiest of all. However, their status is different. The beauty that is ranked number one is Xu Meixiang, also known as Teacher Xu from the Purple Cauldron Mountain. She is alluring, unique and an outstanding beauty…. Oh right, she is also Zhang Fatso One’s master.”

“What?!” Bai Xiaochun was really astounished to learn about that. He had heard from Zhang Fatso One about his master a few times and each time Zhang Fatso One mentioned her, he described her as an old, evil witch; especially so when he first met Zhang Fatso One at the Purple Cauldron Mountain and saw that he had lost a lot of weight because that old, evil witch hated fatsos.

Thinking of his conversation with Zhang Fatso One, Bai Xiaochun could not help but form weird thoughts in his mind. He let out a dry cough and quickly dismissed his thoughts as he felt that it was too dangerous to continue with his train of thoughts.

“On the Scented Cloud Mountain, there are also two beauties; they are Zhou Xinqi, also known as Senior Sister Zhou and Du Lingfei, also known as Senior Sister Du.” Xu Baocai said with confidence, pridefully mentioning Zhou Xinqi.

“Senior Bai, you should know that at the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect, there are three brilliant cultivators. The first one is Zhou Xinqi from the Scented Cloud Mountain, the second one is Lu Tianlei from the Purple Cauldron Mountain and the last one is…. Guan Tianyou from the Green Peak Mountain! Speaking of the three of them, they are all exceptional talents!” Xu Baocai exclaimed with an envious look in his eyes.

“Even though they are so skilled, they are merely outer sect disciples, just like myself.” Bai Xiaochun sneered. He did not know, nor care about Guan Tianyou and Lu Tianlei but he had been associated with Zhou Xinqi before; the jade tablet in his pocket was given to him by Zhou Xinqi.

Xu Baocai let out a cough as he felt contempt for Bai Xiachun from the bottom of his heart but dared not openly belittle Bai Xiaochun, so he just looked at Bai Xiaochun with a forced smile.

“Senior Bai, if not for the law within the sect that every disciple must start from being an outer sect disciple, the three of them would have joined the Inner Sect long ago. Although they are currently outer sect disciples, each of them are indisputably the best among all outer sect disciples within their own Mountains. Even the disciples of the Inner Sect are wary of them because once the three of them fulfill the requirements to become inner sect disciples, they are bound to be outstanding talents! However, to the three of them, they are merely making use of the Inner Sect to achieve their goals of becoming grand disciples of the Spirit River Sect!”

Bai Xiaochun was now annoyed after listening to Xu Baocai.

“Zhou Xinqi possesses the Flora Spirit Pulse. She is sure to follow Ancestor Li’s steps to become another Medicine Master within the Spirit River sect. As for Lu Tianlei, he was born poor and he is skinny like a bag of bones. However, he possesses a rarely seen Thunder Spirit Pulse. He practices Thunder-related techniques on the Purple Cauldron Mountain and the sect master has personally said his techniques are original and unique!”

“Oh?” Bai Xiaochun was shocked to hear that. He was not new to the world of cultivation and he had quite an understanding of it but upon hearing about Thunder Spirit Pulse, he was green with envy. Possessing such a Spirit Pulse would allow one’s formidable technique to improve exponentially and furthermore, there were very little obstructions to cultivating the technique.

“There is also Guan Tianyou, who is even more impressive as he possesses the Sword Spirit. There are even rumours that he is the reincarnation of a famed swordman. Due to some unknown reasons, the Heavens favour him and Guan Tianyou was blessed with countless amount of good fortune. At the mere age of three, he stumbled upon an ancient legendary sword along his path; at the age of seven, a young Scarlet Celestial Beast descended from the Heavens and identify him as its master. At the age of thirteen, he received the Golden Ray that would protect his body from harm. His existence caught the attention of the Grand Elder of the sect.” Xu Baocai only spoke of Guan Tianyou when he saw that Bai Xiaochun had finally shown a befitting expression.

“The Heavens favour him?! Three years old… What kind of luck is this? And he is even the reincarnation of a famed swordman?!” Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes, took a deep breath and anger surfaced on his face. He had decided from the bottom of his heart that he would never provoke that Guan Tianyou, favoured by the Heavens.

“These three people are bound to reach the Foundation Establishment. Senior Bai, it could be said that joining the outer sect as a cultivator is already a difficult task but in reality, the actual difficulty is to breakthrough Qi Condensation level and reach the Foundation Establishment. Once you achieve that, your life will be changed completely as you will no longer be leading an ordinary life but instead, you will be on the actual path to attaining immortality; your lifespan will increase by a hundred years.” Xu Baocai was satisfied to see Bai Xiaochun finally lose his composure but sighed when he mentioned reaching the Foundation Establishment.

Xu Baocai sighed but Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone with such brilliance for the first time in his entire life since the moment he heard about being able to increase one’s lifespan by one hundred years. He was filled with so much excitement that his body trembled, tears flowed out of both eyes. His mind was completely filled with the thought and he grabbed onto Xu Baocai’s arms tightly.

“Did you just say that after a cultivator reaches Foundation Establishment, he can increase his lifespan by one hundred years?!”

Xu Baocai who was in a trance, grew fearful of Bai Xiaochun when he saw his bloodshot eyes and Xu Baocai quickly nodded his head.

Bai Xiaochun’s breathing quickened in an instant and he immediately started pacing around his courtyard with hands raised up in the air, as though he was trying to catch something from above. His eyes lit up and he started to mumble to himself and broke into terrifying laughter, like a man who had lost his sanity.

Xu Baocai was even more terrified right now as he did not know what was happening to Bai Xiachun. He could feel a gust of cool wind blowing at his back. He quickly stood up from his seat and bade Bai Xiachun farewell, who did not respond at all in the crazed state that he was at the moment.

Xu Baocai took a deep breath when he saw Bai Xiaochun’s appearance had become even more frightening and he hastily left the courtyard.

A moment later, still in his bewitched state, Bai Xiaochun abruptly came to a halt. He exhaled deeply, raised his head towards the sky and laughed.

“One hundred years of lifespan!! The Foundation Establishment… I must reach the Foundation Establishment!!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36 - Title of The Little Turtle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 36 - Title of The Little Turtle

Bai Xiaochun’s desire for the Foundation Establishment, upon being lit up by Xu Baocai’s words, prompted him to repeatedly visit the Scripture Library and even the Wulong Temple throughout the next couple of days.

Within the Wulong Temple, a lot of knowledge concerning the cultivation society, including detailed explanations and descriptions about the Foundation Establishment, could be found. They matched with what Xu Baocai had said, filling Bai Xiaochun with excitement.

He thought that if he managed to master the Foundation Establishment, it would be a huge step in his path to immortality.

It was especially so when he discovered the three methods that the Foundation Establishment actually had, each of them increasing the lifespan by different amounts. With his excitement only growing more and more, Bai Xiaochun studied without stopping, acquiring a clear comprehension of the Foundation Establishment.

“Sky, Earth and Human, a total of three types of Foundation Establishments…”

“Human Foundation Establishment requires the consumption of a Foundation Establishment pill. Not a high probability of success, but success does increase the lifespan by a hundred years.”

“Earth Foundation Establishment, merges with the Qi within the veins. It has an even smaller rate of success, but success gives jaw-dropping strength and double the lifespan of the Human Foundation Establishment.”

“Lastly, the legendary Sky Foundation Establishment. Rare to the absolute extreme, impossibly low probability of success, but success adds an insane five hundred years to the lifespan!” After a minute of research, Bai Xiaochun decided that the Sky Foundation Establishment purely had too small of a chance, while the earth Foundation Establishment required certain locations that provided earth energy.

So the simplest way to go was the Human Foundation Establishment, the one that required a Foundation Establishment pill.

“I need to plan the whole thing out now for the future. Preparations must be perfect, calculations should be stable, and there’s that pill I need…” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and put down the bamboo scroll. His eyes were shining with light.

“The Foundation Establishment pill is too costly. There could be accidents, so I need backup pills as well… The best way to do this would be to refine them myself!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened up. He had always aspired to be the great Medicine Master who would refine the Longevity pill, and at this moment, that aspiration strengthened.

“Spirit Child, Medicine Apprentice, Medicine Master… I’m a Spirit Child right now and if I want to become an Apprentice and refine real stuff, I need to go take the promotional exam. For that exam, I need at least the knowledge of five of the herb’s volumes, and even then, it may not be enough. I also need to comprehend five of the spirit beasts’ volumes before I’m sufficiently prepared.” With determination in his eyes, Bai Xiaochun took out the third volume of herbs. After he went over it, he charged out with everything memorized in his head.

But it wasn’t long before he ran back. Standing in the courtyard, he thought deeply for a while before taking out heaps of clothing, covering himself up before running back out again, feeling more confident.

“Those admirers of Zhou Xinqi are way too scary, saying that they’d tear me into eight pieces… no choice but to lay low now.” Bai Xiaochun felt unease.

“Hmph, wait until I’m done with my Foundation Establishment. Then I will look down at tens of thousands from above, telling them that I, Bai Xiaochun, am the Little Turtle. We’ll see who would tear me to eight pieces then.” Bai Xiaochun weighed the distance between the admirers and him as he said those words.

The Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion was always filled with people from not only the Scented Cloud Mountain, but also those from the Green Peak Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain. Any disciple with a yearning for herbal knowledge would eventually find himself there.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun squeezed past the crowds, making sure no one was watching, and walked into the wooden hut under the third volume of herbs’ stone stele. Soon after he pushed the door open, he immediately blended in with the crowd in a few quick steps.

He wanted to leave right away, but he couldn’t control his urges. Soon after, sounds of surprise could be heard as everyone saw the Little Turtle placed above the Aquarius symbol on the stone stele above the wooden house.

Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but be pleased with himself. When the crowds were getting riled up, Bai Xiaochun also put on a surprised expression to blend in, adding in a few shouts. Zhou Xinqi’s admirers made their appearance moments after, their faces covered with fury. Bai Xiaochun clenched his fists tightly.

“It’s because of these people that I have to lay low.” Bai Xiaochun gave them a furious glare, then turned around and left.

In the following days, any information regarding the Little Turtle was spread throughout the Outer Sect of Scented Cloud Mountain. Everyone was talking about it. After all, that symbol was very conspicuous on the stele.

But a month later, just as things were settling down, the disciples in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion suddenly saw another Little Turtle above the Aquarius symbol on the fourth stone stele, again in the first place.

The crowd went wild once more.

“This turtle is already first place on four of the steles, it has almost surpassed senior sister Zhou Xinqi!”

“He’s first on four of the stone steles, Senior Sister Zhou Xinqi is on five, who on earth is this Little Turtle…” Bai Xiaochun who was hiding among the crowd shrieked, his heart filling with satisfaction. Seeing the admirers ready to explode, he gave a dry cough, lowered his head and displeasedly hid himself.

Several days later, Zhou Xinqi appeared in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion, took a look at the stone stele, and paled. She went in the hut underneath the tenth stone stele, taking first place with her as she came out.

At this moment, the outer sect disciples of Scented Cloud Mountain started paying attention to the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion. Zhou Xinqi’s six steles against the Little Turtle’s four steles…

Everyone was wondering if the Little Turtle would appear once more to claim the first spot on the fifth stele to stand on equal grounds as Zhou Xinqi.

Some disciples were even betting on it, betting whether the turtle could take first place on the fifth stele. Even the elders of Scented Cloud Mountain were interested.

Bai Xiaochun was fired up as well. Each time he took first place on a stele and exchanged for a jade tablet, he didn’t even study it before exiting. Furthermore, he hated those admirers of Zhou Xinqi, so each time he took first place, he stayed with the crowd to yell out for a bit, displaying his admiration for the Little Turtle.

Slowly, he got to know quite a few of the Little Turtle admirers. He had, of course, also contributed to the existence of these admirers. He never gave up on a chance to promote the Little Turtle, just like what he did with Sister Hou, who now had extreme respect for the turtle.

Finally, a month later, on a nice day, the Aquarius symbol on the fifth stone stele flashed and dropped, the Little Turtle appearing above it once again.

At this moment, the outer sect disciples of Scented Cloud Mountain burst into an uproar. Many came to see what was happening, and in the following days, the Little Turtle was the hottest topic in Scented Cloud Mountain.

“This Little Turtle must have memorized the herb scrolls to such an indescribable extremes to reach such heights.”

“Amazing. Both this Little Turtle and Senior Sister Zhou are …”

It wasn’t as if no one suspected Bai Xiaochun of being the turtle, of course. Even the admirers of Zhou Xinqi, in their rage, paid attention to him, not letting a single person overlooked.

Deep down, Bai Xiaochun was even more displeased. To wash off the suspicions he could only put on a facade and sigh, walking to the fourth stele. He stared at it for a while, before declaring his intention to show everyone what he’s made of.

After that, the admirers of Zhou Xinqi often focused on people other than Bai Xiaochun. After all, without evidence, there wasn’t much they could do about their suspicions of him.

But threat was announced to everyone. If they ever managed to find the turtle, it’s not eight pieces, they’d tear him into eighty!

Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun thought about his body split into eighty pieces. Gritting his teeth, he was getting fired up again.

“So you guys are pissed off. The more pissed off you get, the more I want to be first!” Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth again. He couldn’t fight them openly, so he used this method to wage war with the admirers.

A month later, the turtle topped the sixth stone stele.

Another month later, the seventh was also claimed by the Little Turtle.

Applause erupted from the surroundings once more.

“First place of the seventh stele! Go Little Turtle! Go for the top of the ten steles that even Zhou Xinqi could not reach!”

“Haha! I have faith in this Little Turtle. He can do it!”

As the masses of people cheered, more than ten youngsters had dark faces. Especially the few outer sect disciples in the group - they had a cold expression on their faces. One of them, who had his face covered in freckles, looked even more furious than the rest in the long robes of an outer sect disciple.

“My brothers, if anyone has any information regarding the identity of this Little Turtle, he will be rewarded if he brings it forth!” The freckled man said suddenly, his mouth wide open, his voice booming, silencing everyone.

A lot of the people present turned immediately to the man, and recognized him at once, avoiding eye contact. Some were displeased at that outburst, but didn’t dare to speak up.

“It’s the senior brother who joined the law enforcement, Qian Dajin…”

“I heard he’s going after Zhou Xinqi and Du Lingfei…”

Bai Xiaochun, upon witnessing this scene, glared furiously at the freckled man with the people beside him. Even when he was back at the courtyard, he would burn with anger every time he thought about his face.

“You can’t find me anyway. I’ll fight you, what about it?” Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin. His studies in the volumes of spirit beasts only intensified, comprehending the materials within spirit beasts that could be used for finer pills. His knowledge about herbs improved greatly.

Especially after combining the two studies together, Bai Xiaochun’s herbal knowledge improved by the day.

A month later, the Little Turtle claimed the eight stone stele.

The month after that, the ninth stele was claimed.

He was first in nine of the stone steles.

All the outer sect disciples at Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion were burning with fervor and excitement, chanting for the Little Turtle to claim the final stele. His supporters increased even more.

Even Zhou Xinqi’s admirers couldn’t do anything to stop the ruckus caused by him. They could only look at the Turtle’s advance desperately as the cries and cheers drowned those for Zhou Xinqi out.

Finally, on the conclusive month, Bai Xiaochun waited until Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion was filled with the most people. With neat clothes and a glare of stern determination, he slipped in the wooden hut under the tenth stone stele while no one was paying attention.

Looking at the millions of herbs and spirit beast fragments in front of him, the determination in his eyes brightened. His two hands flew out, assembling piece after piece of herbal and spirit beast fragments, combining them together.

One thousand, five thousand, ten thousand…

Thirty thousand, fifty thousand, eighty thousand…

This was the hardest examination of all. His forehead gradually became covered with beads of sweat, and his eyes were bloodshot. He was like a demon, ignoring everything and focusing solely on the combinations in front of him, to the point where sharp pain pierced his hands, to the point where his head throbbed. He gritted his teeth, and proceeded.

Unaware of how long it had been, the examination ended. Bai Xiaochun’s hands trembled slightly as he finished the last herb, his body drained and his sight blurred. When he could clearly see again, he was in the wooden hut once again.

He was breathing heavily, but his eyes were shining with confident satisfaction. Wiping off the sweat and tightening his fist, he grinned with excitement.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular chapter 1/3 for the week

A bit late but special thanks to Jake Vieweg, Louis-Maximilian Gerhardt and Austin McFarlane for sponsoring the first sponsored chapter of A Thought Through Eternity, chapter 35.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37 - Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 37 - Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy

Ten steles, number one!

Shockwaves spread throughout the three mountains on the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect, causing a stir.

Outside of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavillion, the ruckus reached its peak as the news spread further. Numerous people arrived at the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion in a haste, and the moment they saw the Little Turtle placed first on all of the ten steles, they all sucked in their breaths.

“First on all of the ten steles, this Little Turtle actually did it!”

“The last time our Spirit River Sect had someone first on all ten steles was a thousand years ago. Who would have thought that I could witness such a scene in my lifetime!”

Cries of shock continuously arose from the crowd. Though previously, everyone did have some sort of expectations in their hearts, when such expectations became reality, they still couldn’t help but feel astonished. Especially when one recalled the events of the last 3 months, it was almost within succession - every month, one stele would be conquered. And nobody could stay still once they realised the speed at which the feat was achieved.

“This Little Turtle, just who exactly is he…...it has only been half a year, and starting from the third stele, he simply swept his way through, dominating everyone as he shot to fame!”

“His talent in herbs and plants has completely surpassed Zhou Xinqi. Could it be other than Zhou Xinqi, our Scented Cloud Mountain will have another Herb Master!”

The moment when all ten steles were topped, each and every one of the ten steles trembled for a second and produced a roaring sound. When all these roars came together, a roar was released from the cauldron on the mountain peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain!

As if a giant block of wood was striking the medicine cauldron, chime after chime echoed throughout the entire Scented Cloud Mountain and the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect. Even whiffs of medicinal fragrance silently enveloped the surroundings, causing the mist surrounding the Scented Cloud Mountain to thicken at a rate visible to the naked eye.

In a cave at the Scented Cloud Mountain peak, Elder Zhou was in the midst of feeding his precious five-coloured Phoenixes when all of a sudden, the chimes of the cauldron ringed in his ears as his gaze filled with shock.

“Scented Cloud Cauldron’s Chime?” He immediately sent out his divine sense and instantly discovered the change in the ten steles at the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion. His expression changed as he stepped onto the air and flew towards the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

Not long after, the silhouette of Elder Sun also appeared, arriving together with the other Foundation Establishment cultivators. Attracted by the chime of the cauldron, they all came out, and when they looked around, surprise and shock filled each of their faces.

And the last to appear was Li Qinghou. He had originally been meditating, but when he heard the cauldron’s chime, his expression similarly changed. Taking a glance outside, he immediately transformed into a prismatic beam and flew straight toward the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

Following the continuous echo of the cauldron’s chime, a commotion rapidly spread among more and more people. The entire Scented Cloud Mountain, be they outer sect or inner sect disciples, every single one of them were shocked as they came out and directed their gazes toward the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

“This is…….the sound of our Scented Cloud Mountain treasure, the Scented Cloud Cauldron!”

“Within the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion, someone who has actually placed first on all ten steles appeared, setting a record unprecedented in the past thousand years!”

Even the Green Peak Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain were alerted at this moment. At the same time, Zhang Fatso One hung his head down as a charming beauty beside him was reprimanding him. This lady was exactly the old demoness that Zhang Fatso One had mentioned to Bai Xiaochun when he was venting his grievances. When the lady heard the chime of the cauldron, her expression changed as she lifted her head to take a look. Zhang Fatso One was also stunned for a moment before he followed her gaze with a look of surpise.

“The chime of the Scented Cloud Cauldron, could it be that within the disciples of the Scented Cloud Mountain, one of them achieved a perfect score in some examination?”

The same scene transpired atop the Green Peak Mountain, as the elders and the mountain all turned to look in the direction of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

As time passed, more and more people gathered in the surroundings of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

As Bai Xiaochun stood within the crowd listening to the cries of shock around him, he looked towards the ten steles and surprisingly did not join in the cheers like what he would normally do. Instead, an indescribable feeling rose within him as he silently stood there. A smile lit up on his face, a smile that neither have any arrogance nor any pride, but simply just pure happiness.

It took a year's worth of time, starting from the first stele, to create the miracle of achieving the first place on all ten stone steles. But all of this was nothing but empty fame, his greatest reward was still the knowledge he had gained regarding medicinal plants and spirit beasts; all of this knowledge that was necessary to a herbal student had already been deeply engrained in Bai Xiaochun’s heart.

One could say that Bai Xiaochun had laid himself a foundation so solid that it was almost unheard of. When Bai Xiaochun looked back and reminisced about the past year - the countless days and nights of studying medicinal plants and analysing spirit beasts like

crazy - he could only sigh with melancholy.

If one were to look at the entire Spirit River Sect, even within the inner sect disciples, no one could compare to Bai Xiaochun when it comes to the foundation laid for medicinal herbs. At this point, Bai Xiaochun felt greatly satisfied.

In no time, streak after streak of prismatic beams arrived with the whistling of the wind. Following each prismatic beam, a silhouette that exuded a shocking cultivation was revealed; Elder Zhou, Elder Sun…...Li Qinghou too was among those people.

All of them gazed at the ten steles. Looking at the Little Turtle at the first place, a radiance shone in each of their gazes. Especially Li Qinghou, he was momentarily dazed when he first saw the picture of the Little Turtle, but gradually, a weird expression surfaced on his face. After which, he chuckled and swept his gaze across the crowd. When he saw Bai Xiaochun, his eyes revealed an admiration inconsipicuous to the others.

Not long after, with a flourish of his sleeve, Li Qinghou left with a hearty laughter; he knew, from the very first glance, that this Little Turtle was Bai Xiaochun.

After all the elders had left, the number of inner sect disciples started to increase. As they looked up at the Little Turtle, they couldn’t help but feel shock in their hearts. They too were once outer sect disciples, hence they clearly knew that these steles of the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion could only be challenged when one was in the Outer Sect, moreover, the difficulty of the test made the challenge incomparable to anything else.

“As an outer sect disciple, to be able to achieve such a level, he must be Heaven’s pride……”

“Hmph, as Medicine Apprentices, our focus should be refining sprit medicines, no matter how high your talent is in the herbs and plants, it is useless if you can’t refine a spirit medicine!” Among these inner sect disciples, some had praise while some had disdain. However, no matter what their stance was, they all had deeply ingrained this Little Turtle in their minds, and even deep in their hearts, most of them felt fear spread within them.

After all, no matter if this person has talent in refining medicine or not, with a foundation as solid as that, when that person becomes a Medicine Apprentice in the future, his path would be smoother and successful without a doubt.

The commotion among the crowd had not died down even one bit, up till the arrival of Zhou Xinqi. As she stood and gazed at the Little Turtle on top of all ten steles, only then did the crowd gradually fall into silence as they turned to look towards Zhou Xinqi.

That feeling of being thoroughly supressed at each of the ten steles made Zhou Xinqi’s eyes shine with dissatisfaction. In the past, she had always been the one giving others this sort of complicated feeling, but right now, when it was her turn to have a taste of this feeling, she could only remain silent.

“Just who exactly are you……” Zhou Xinqi grinded her teeth. She was dissatisfied, but after numerous tries, she had understood that this mysterious Little Turtle possessed a talent in herbs and plants that reached unimaginable heights. At the moment, she had no confidence in surpassing that level. Within that moment of silence, Zhou Xinqi burned the memory of this Little Turtle deep into the bottom of her heart.

“You might be stronger than me when it comes to herbs and plants, but after you become a Medicine Apprentice and tread the path of refining medicine, I don’t believe that you can stay ahead of me forever!” Zhou Xinqi sucked in a deep breath as her expression slowly calmed down. She had already taken the examination and had been promoted to a Medicine Apprentice. Giving one last look towards the steles, she turned around and left.

“This is only my first stop on my road of becoming a great Medicine Master!” In the midst of the crowd, Bai Xiaochun similarly gave one last look at the ten steles before he turned his body around and left with renewed determination.

The uproar of the ten steles’s number one lasted for months following this event. People still discussed it. When people visited the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion and saw the Little Turtle on the steles, these discussions grew even more heated.

At the same time, those admirers of Zhou Xinqi spared no effort in combing through the mountains to look for that Little Turtle. Especially the youth surnamed Qian, he was extremely frustrated and actively participated in the search.

After stirring up the entire South Bank of the Spirit River sect, despite the countless discussions about the Little Turtle each day, Bai Xiaochun was just in his courtyard, eyes bloodshot, as he controlled a small leaf in front of him.

He was currently studying the realm of Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy. In fact, more than half a year ago, he had already started studying the techniques of this realm. However, he had only grasped a small bit of it and was unable to truly comprehend it.

Now that the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion events were over, Bai Xiaochun could feel a sense of danger rise within while looking at those Zhou Xinqi admirers who were desperately searching for him. Henceforth, he used the chance to avoid all attention and put all of his focus into the realm of Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy.

“Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light is all about speed, and Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy…...is all about the technique’s control!” Bai Xiaochun eyes shone while he was deep in thought, this was the result of his enlightenment over this period of time.

“In other words, this sort of control is in fact just a type of dominating strength of the body’s spritual Qi!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glinted with a flash of light. With his current cultivation of the sixth level of Qi Condensation, the spiritual Qi in his body was akin to a big river, and the realm of Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light could already be maintained endlessly, exerting out a shocking speed.

With this enlightenment, he came to the understanding that this so called realm was simply just a technique to utilise one’s spiritual Qi - like how a small leaf, when stretched, could only be used to lift a small piece of wood, but when folded, it could lift a small rock. And if one shredded it into strings and bundled them together, one could lift even heavier objects.

The same materials, when utilised with different methods, would result in different amounts of durability.

And the Lifting the Light as Though it was Heavy realm had the exact same type of logic. Once one could comprehend and utilise it, it would be equivalent to achieving this realm.

Bai Xiaochun thought about it for a long time, and afterwards, with a wave of his hand, a small leaf flew toward him and hovered in front of his body. Under his incessant tries, this leaf sometimes moved with extreme speeds, and at other times, it moved as slow as if it was carrying the weight of a mountain.

If one try wouldn’t work, then he would try ten times, if ten times didn’t cut it, then a hundred times, and if a hundred times still weren’t enough…..then a thousand times.

Bai Xiaochun had long since lost count of how many times he tried, and all the leaves in his courtyard had already been torn apart. Therefore, he went out to look for more leaves. Until the end, every single non-spiritual plant, tree, flower or grass in the entire Scented Cloud Mountain was stripped and used by Bai Xiaochun. Finally, on a certain day, when the sun was about to set, a light flashed through Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. With a gesture of his fingers, the small leaf in front of him hovered in the air lightly like a feather, but the moment it descended, it was as if a mountain had just smashed upon the ground.

With a loud ‘hong’, the ground of the courtyard trembled, as if this willow tree’s leaf possesed an incomparably crushing weight.

“Success!” Although Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot, he wore an excited expression as he stood up and waved his right hand. Immediately, a small wooden sword flew out and transformed into a black streak that zoomed into the open space. Its speed was not only fast, but its power had also at least doubled from before. One could even vaguely hear the sound of the air cracking.

With a loud roar, a large boulder in the distance instantly shattered into smithereens.

Such power was already past the standards of a Qi Condensation in the sixth level, perhaps even a seventh or eighth level Qi Condensation would be shocked and stunned if they were to witness this.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular chapter 2/3 for the week

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch, Pawandeep

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38 - Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 38 - Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique

Bai Xiaochun got up and moved his body a bit, his face full of excitement. With his wooden sword in hand, he danced about in the yard, sometimes suddenly stabbing out, and at other times abruptly stopping.

The entire wooden sword became blurred as it spun around in the yard, almost disappearing from sight, replaced by the shockwaves it left behind as it moved. The air seemed to be filled with gusts at that moment, and Bai Xiaochun’s excitement only intensified.

After a while, he flung his right arm to the side, the wooden sword flashed, and returned to his palm. It didn’t seem like much, it’s colourful appearance was seemingly inconspicuous, but actually, the sword had went through three refinements. Its quality was on a completely different level.

“Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light and Lifting the Light as Thought It Was Heavy - if I could master both of these techniques, their combination would make me the only one capable of that godlike ability from the Purple Qi Cauldron Techniques! Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, his eyes full of anticipation.

“Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique!” Bai Xiaochun stored away his wooden sword, closed his eyes and stood in the courtyard. After a while, his right hand abruptly shot up, pointing at the sky. Immediately after that, the Qi, which was supposed to be invisible to the naked eye, became visible with flashes of light, forming into strings that began to form something similar to a cauldron.

As if guided by some mysterious force, the cauldron slowly took shape.

At the same time, shockwave after shockwave was emitted out from it. The Qi produced was stronger than the Qi from his swordplay earlier.

On the other hand, Bai Xiaochun’s face was rapidly paling. The Qi within his body was being rapidly depleted, and the cauldron had only finished materializing after burning eighty percent of his Qi. Floating in mid-air, the cauldron was surrounded by an intense Qi pressure, and followed by Bai Xiaochun pointing his finger forward, the cauldron shot out, crashing hard against the ground.

The instant the cauldron and the ground made contact, the cauldron shattered and a huge amount of Qi exploded out from it.

The roar of that explosion was intense, it reverberated throughout the courtyard, and the ground around the impact audibly fractured.

Fortunately, the Scented Cloud Mountain was protected by a formation technique, fixing the fractures as soon as they formed. The impact, however, was heard by many of the outer sect disciples, raising their curiosity about its source.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. He hadn’t expected the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique to be this overwhelming. That impact gave him the feeling that if he was to be matched against himself, he wouldn’t be able to put up a fight at all.

“Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique lives up to its name. It’s a very mysterious technique, and it requires an understanding of both the ‘Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy’ and ‘Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light’ methods.” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone, however, it was replaced by a frown moments after. It was very strong, but the Qi it consumed was way too much.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t know, but actually, he had only exhausted eighty percent of his Qi because of its purity. Other disciples would use up the entirety of their Qi before the eighth level of Qi Condensation even if they comprehended the technique. Those at the ninth level were the ones who could actually use that technique, but the cost for them wasn’t small either.

“The Purple Qi Cauldron Techniques are split into three grades. The cauldron I just made was only of the low quality. Medium quality would be two cauldrons, and high quality would form three cauldrons that will merge together to form a bigger cauldron.” as Bai Xiaochun thought hard about it, he sat down and started breathing deeply. Once the moon was up high, his eyes opened with a flash of light, the Qi within his body was already replenished.

“This technique can become my killer move. If those Zhou Xinqi admirers were to find any trouble with me, they’d have this cauldron on their heads.” Bai Xiaochun was just feeling relieved when the freckled man came to his mind, which made him furrow his brow.

“He’s in the Inner Sect, and to be in the Inner Sect, you need to be at least at the eighth level of Qi Condensation…” Bai Xiaochun felt unease as he was deep in thought while staring at his skin. He got up and took a few steps, his speed was extremely fast. He put his index finger and thumb together, which created a black light that he flung to the side.

“Ka-Ka” sounds could be heard as a subtle explosion rang in the air. Bai Xiaochun’s movement seemed flawless. He looked at his two fingers, and slowly calmed himself down.

“This is my trump card… it’s for saving my life.” Bai Xiaochun released a soft sigh, thinking that the self-defence killer move should be as strong as possible. He was, however, scared of the Unending Longevity Technique.

He did try to improve his Unending Longevity Technique after acquiring the impenetrable skin, but the sense of hunger that came with the training was just too much for him to handle.

Only small chicks were left here. There really was nothing left for him to eat, and if he relied solely on the spirit food here, Bai Xiaochun was sure he would starve to death before completing the training.

He had also searched the entire mountain for other spirit beasts to use as food, but after the great chicken thief events, people no longer kept their livestock in open areas in order to protect it.

Bai Xiaochun was stressed, his face troubled. Just as he was thinking about ways to solve the hunger problem, he suddenly thought of that Life-prolonging Pill.

“Oh yeah…” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened. There were many different types of spirit herbs, not only for cultivation, but also for replenishing Qi. Upon achieving the impenetrable iron skin, Bai Xiaochun had realized that practicing the Unending Longevity Technique essentially needed Qi.

“I haven’t taken the test yet, but my knowledge of herbs is completely sufficient for me to create medicine myself. The materials were expensive, but those found in the grass and on the trees are much cheaper.” Bai Xiaochun thought it wasn’t a bad idea.

“If I make medicine now, it’d be a lot more easier for me when I take the examination, and it’d also be a lot easier in the future when I refine the Foundation Establishment Pill.” Filled with great determination, Bai Xiaochun put his hand on his chin and started thinking. He stood up, the sun had already risen by the time he was done thinking.

“To create medicine I need the recipes. This should be easy, you don’t need to be a medicine disciple to get those. The city square at the bottom of the mountain has some recipes for sale.” Bai Xiaochun patted his pouch. Ever since his arrival at the Scented Cloud Mountain, there was barely any chance for him to spend his money. With outer sect disciples receiving some spirit stones every month, he had quite a lot saved up.

As for the superficial stuff, he never really cared about it. He dashed down the path to the foot of Scented Cloud Mountain.

It was his second time going down the mountain ever since he came here. The first time was to buy medicinal herbs and exchange for pills. Just as he left the Scented Cloud Mountain, two shadows dashed toward a courtyard on the Green Peak Mountain.

“Is Senior Brother Chen here!”

“Senior Brother Chen! Bai Xiaochun went down the mountain!” These two figure’s cultivation levels were strong, both of them at the fourth level of Qi Condensation. The two of them were excited as they walked in the courtyard towards a huge man.

He was burly, his back was like a tiger’s, and his waist was like a bear’s.

“Bai Xiaochun? Has he finally left the mountain?” The big man laughed as he slowly stood up. He was like a mountain, and he was at the fifth level of Qi condensation.

He was the old head of the Administrative Department, Chen Fei.

At that time, the three of them spent their days content in the Administrative Department. Almost everything they needed was there, and there were handymen who served them. They also had spirit stones. Their life was good until Bai Xiaochun and the others forced their way up the mountain, making them into outer sect disciples. The two hard years intensified their hate for Bai Xiaochun.

But Zhang Fatso One was not one you should make an enemy of, and Black Fatso Three was not someone you want to involve yourself with either. Bai Xiaochun, however, was weaker than the two of them, and was the only suitable target for revenge. But he never left the sect, and Chen Fei, while being known in the sect, dared not break the sect’s rules.

After all, he was just the elder cousin of an inner sect disciple. Having handymen subordinates was already the limit of what he could achieve.

All this time, he was waiting for Bai Xiaochun to leave the sect on an errand, and it took two years for that to happen. The time had finally arrived, and Chen Fei was confident. He had trained to the fifth level of Qi condensation, and scouted out how Bai Xiaochun was doing with his cultivation. His achievements were just lucky flukes.

“That year when he used the ‘Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light’ method, I actually thought he had mastered it. Hmph, forcing me into an outer sect disciple, I will not forgive him.” Chen Fei’s eyes burned with fury. He didn’t intend to kill Bai Xiaochun, but he planned to break his bones and damage his veins. He wanted him to be hospitalized for a year.

And this kind of thing wouldn’t be too concerning for the sect, but they’d investigate it nonetheless. However, he wasn’t going to be caught red handed. There’d also be no death. And Chen Fei had a reputation in the sect. There weren’t going to be any consequences for his revenge.

Chen Fei’s body shot out as he sprinted down the mountain, the duo following behind him. They reached the foot of the mountain soon enough, and hid near the path used to reach the city square.

The city square wasn’t big. Bai Xiaochun didn’t take long to find the recipes he needed. One was for replenishing Qi, and the other was for nourishing Qi. High quality ones were rare, but low quality ones were pretty common for commoners to use to strengthen their bodies.

For other people, they would be useless, but to Bai Xiaochun, they were treasure. He had the turtle-shell pot, and any common pill that was refined thrice would be on a whole new level.

Using the rest of the spirit stones for medicinal herbs, Bai Xiaochun patted his storage pouch as he hummed on his way back to the mountain, leaving the city square. In his mind, he was fascinated about the successful medicine he was about to make.

But just as he started walking up the path, he abruptly stopped. Upon reaching the sixth Qi Condensation level, his senses had sharpened up a lot. He immediately sensed the breaths of three people hiding in the bushes. At this moment, his heart started beating faster.

Seeing Bai Xiaochun stop there, the three jumped out and stood in front of him.

“Bai Xiaochun, today, I’m paying back all the wrongs you have done to me!” Chen Fei glared at Bai Xiaochun, laughing with his two followers who also circled around to surround him.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular chapter 3/3 for the week

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39 - Crushed…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 39 - Crushed…

“Chen Fei?” Bai Xiaochun blinked. He looked at Chen Fei and the two people who were surrounding him. He calmed down after sensing their cultivation levels.

“Bai Xiaochun, it’s too late to kneel and beg now. It was all because of your damned idea that we ended up becoming outer sect disciples. I’ve awaited this moment for so long!” Chen Fei laughed. He raised his right hand, and his cultivation of the fifth level Qi Condensation exploded out, sending many of the nearby fallen leaves flying. It was quite impressive.

“After entering the outer sect, I’ve been training without rest. And now, Bai Xiaochun, I’m at the fifth level of Qi Condensation. Let me tell you this, today, I’m here just to bully you. I’m going to break all of your bones!”

Chen Fei’s laughter was accompanied with a face filled with both glee and arrogance. Pinching with his index finger and thumb, the air vibrated and a green sword with merely half a chi in length appeared. It looked weak, and the cold light it was emitting was weak as well.

The two behind Bai Xiaochun were grinning as they used their cultivations to produce two swords as well.

The trio surrounding Bai Xiaochun were certain of their imminent victory because of their superior numbers. They were also stronger than last time and were assured that Bai Xiaochun hadn’t mastered Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light yet.

“It would have been fine if you hadn’t left the mountain. But now that you left the sect’s territory, I’m about to teach you how grave the mistake you made years ago.” Chen Fei felt some satisfaction after letting those words out.

“The three of you blocking me here… Aren’t you forgetting the sect rules?” Bai Xiaochun asked, curious as he looked at Chen Fei.

“Sect rules? Ha! We’re not in the sect anymore! What’s more, you’re weak, so who can you blame? At most, I’ll apologize and that’d be the end of it!” Chen Fei laughed blithely. He could already imagine what face Bai Xiaochun would be making later, it certainly wouldn’t be pretty. He had even prepared taunts and insults for that.

But it wasn’t long before he realized that something was wrong. Bai Xiaochun was way too calm. He was surrounded by three people, and yet his face was not what he had pictured. It actually looked a bit weird, it was as if he was superior. He even had the nerve to speak:

“Oh, I see. Then I have nothing to worry about.”

Chen Fei narrowed his eyes, thinking that something was not right. He stopped hesitating and instead barked out a command.

“At him!” As soon as the words left his mouth, he pointed his sword at Bai Xiaochun and charged, both his followers doing the same.

Looking at the incoming swords, Bai Xiaochun smiled. He didn’t even bother to get his equipment out, choosing to only step back, instantly vanishing before the three.

When he reappeared, he was already beside one of the two minions who were only at the fourth level of Qi Condensation. Chen Fei’s eyes widened as Bai Xiaochun hit the man with his right hand before he could even have the chance to react.

The attack was so fast, it hit the man’s stomach right after Bai Xiaochun reappeared. The man’s body shook as blood shot out from his mouth, his body curving as if hit by a great force, and was sent flying until he collided with a tree.

The tree shook from the impact as the man spat out blood again, fainting.

The scene happened so fast that the other two could only stare at Bai Xiaochun, their brains buzzing in disbelief. Never would they have imagined that Bai Xiaochun would be so fast and strong. They couldn’t even see his movements properly.

Chen Fei’s expression rapidly changed. Taking a deep breath, his body instinctively took a few steps backwards, his face full of doubts as he stared at Bai Xiaochun.

“You’re…”

“Too weak.” Bai Xiaochun put on an air of superiority as if he stood at the top of the world, unequalled. He took a step and reached for the other man at the fourth level of Qi Condensation.

The man roared as his cultivation erupted, then charged at Bai Xiaochun with his sword. Bai Xiaochun, however, was faster than him. His impenetrable iron skin and Unending Longevity Technique increased his speed and strength to a shocking degree. He dodged the sword with a jerk as his right fist crashed down on the man.

The boom was followed by the man’s screams as blood shot out from his mouth. He didn’t have a tree behind him so he was flung much farther away as his body shook. He was unable to get up and seemed at death’s doorstep.

“So weak.” Bai Xiaochun shook his head as he looked at the trembling Chen Fei.

“You...You…” Chen Fei’s brain buzzed as he tried to comprehend the situation. He couldn’t understand how he dropped from the position of power to the one of weakness. He was supposed to be the bully, but the target before him was a beast compared to him.

The two hits had knocked out his two subordinates. It was hard for him to comprehend how much strength this feat would take. He swallowed as his body instinctively took a couple more steps backward, completely losing the will to fight. A single thought flooded his entire being: “Run.”

He didn’t get the chance to back away much farther before Bai Xiaochun caught up with him in an instant. His right hand curled up into a fist and aimed for Chen Fei, but just as it was shooting toward him, a shield appeared in a flash of light, blocking Bai Xiaochun’s fist.

Another boom echoed out. Bai Xiaochun grunted as his body was momentarily stopped by the shield. The small shield, however, trembled as the Qi enveloping it grew slightly dimmer, and was quickly sent flying by Bai Xiaochun’s punch.

Chen Fei was terrified. He had spent quite a lot of contribution points for that shield, even if it was an adversary of the sixth Qi Condensation level, it shouldn’t be penetrated so easily in such a short amount of time.

“Bai Xiaochun, you… H-How dare you!” Chen Fei screamed.

“Hmph. Let me tell you this, today, I’m here just to bully you. I’m going to break all of your bones!” Bai Xiaochun was overjoyed inside as he looked at the terrified face his opponent was making. This was the thing that pleased him the most, and he wasn’t about to let this chance slip. So after returning the words his opponent just said right back at him, Bai Xiaochun unleashed the full power of his sixth level Qi Condensation. As gusts formed around him and his hair rose up in the air, he looked quite intimidating.

“Qi Condensation, sixth level…” Chen Fei’s eyes were so wide that it seemed as if they would pop out. He made another attempt to escape as Bai Xiaochun went after him, swinging his fist again. There was no shield to block the strike this time.

Chen Fei’s body shook as blood and screams escaped his mouth, as his body curled. He had a strong body, however, he was merely in the fifth level. He did not faint, instead, he put all of his remaining strength into escaping, his heart bitter and resentful to the extreme. There was still some distance before he could reach the sect… Why did he choose this place to ambush him?

Seeing Bai Xiaochun charge at him with beastlike ferocity, he screamed once again.

“Bai Xiaochun! The sect rules, the sect rules!”

“Sect rules? Ha! We’re not in the sect anymore! What’s more, you’re weak, so who can you blame? At most I’ll apologize and that’ll be the end of it!” Bai Xiaochun repeated Chen Fei’s words as he sent his leg out for a kick.

The kick sent Chen Fei flying up into the sky, blood shooting out from his mouth as his eyes were filled with desperation. He was still screaming in the air when Bai Xiaochun jumped up and barraged him with kicks and punches.

Chen Fei was shocked and terrified, his screams dying out as his body took the hits.

With his bones broken and his veins damaged, he could only lay on the floor with a pale face. His entire body was numb, and as he looked at Bai Xiaochun, his heart was filled with dread.

To him, the skinny and pure Bai Xiaochun was a beast clad in human skin, especially when he remembered the fact that Bai Xiaochun didn’t use any equipment but only his body’s raw power and speed to overwhelm them in this battle.

The other two fourth level followers of Chen Fei just woke up to see their boss being beaten up, dread filling them as well, petrifying them from fear of attracting Bai Xiaochun’s attention.

Seeing Chen Fei’s desperation, Bai Xiaochun was amused. He retracted his Qi and rummaged through the contents of the trio’s bags, taking everything with him, including the small shield. He hummed as he was heading back to the sect.

“Damn it. Who was the one who told me Bai Xiaochun’s achievements were all lucky flukes?” Staring at Bai Xiaochun’s figure, Chen Fei wanted to cry, but didn’t have the tears for it. He would have never approached Bai Xiaochun if he had known how strong he was.

The two men sobbed as they looked at Bai Xiaochun leaving. Intense dread filled them once more.

“Senior brother Chen, what do we do…? Maybe we shouldn’t go after him anymore, let’s drop the matter… Even Xu Baocai resolved his conflict with him.” The duo looked at Chen Fei.

Chen Fei felt utter agony as he gritted his teeth in silence.

“Naturally, I still want revenge. But I can’t beat him… There must be some way…”

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1/2 sponsored chapter of the week. Special thanks to the sponsor who wished to remain anonymous.

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: CPU

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40 - Pursuing perfection
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 40 - Pursuing perfection

Humming a melody, Bai Xiaochun joyfully stepped through the sect doors. When he returned to his courtyard, he couldn’t help but lament.

“Cultivation is for the sake of immortality, these people, who always go on about fighting and killing, must have something wrong with their heads.”

In his courtyard, Bai Xiaochun organised the storage pouches of Chen Fei and his gang. These three people weren’t wealthy and their pockets were rather shallow. Even though the loot this time wasn’t large, Bai Xiaochun wasn’t particularly disappointed with it. He took out the medicinal plants he bought, and looked at them closely as he held them in his hand, thoroughly inspecting each and every one of them.

Although he had a strong foundation in plants and herbs, he still didn’t have many opportunities to truly come in contact with actual medicinal plants and herbs. And at this moment, as he studied the medicinal plants, his observations and analysis gradually merged with the knowledge in his mind. He even lightly slit open the plants and conscientiously observed its inner structures.

After consolidating his knowledge of all of them, Bai Xiaochun fell deep in thought as he took out the two medicinal recipes. He only took a single glance towards the medicinal recipe for the Spirit Replenishing Pill, then shifted his attention onto the medicinal recipe for strengthening a mortal’s body.

“Longevity Incense Stick……” Bai Xiaochun murmured softly; this medicinal recipe did not require a lot of medicinal plants - only seven kinds - and it did not have any unique points when it came to mixing the plants. This medicinal recipe only used the principle of allelopathy to maximise the strength of these seven types of medicinal plants by grounding them into powder and then coagulating it into an incense.

(ED note: Allelopathy (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allelopathy) is the chemical inhibition of a plant (or other organism) by another, when exposed to substances acting as germination or growth inhibitors.)

Especially for two of the plant types in the medicinal recipe, they were actually poisonous. Although it wasn’t any kind of lethal poison for cultivators, one would still get diarrhea for about half a month. But for ordinary people, such poison could be a threat to their lives.

“Between the Heavens and the Earth, there is a boundless diversity of spirit plants and herbs; some can be eaten directly, some can be refined into pills for a better effect, and some, due to their poisonous content, can only be refined into incenses.” Bai Xiaochun pondered as he carefully scrutinised each and every medicinal grass used to refine the Longevity Incense Stick, until he could understand each of these seven types of medicinal grass down to the last detail.

“It’s still not safe. The main point of refining medicine is the success rate of completing the medicine, and even if it is just the most simple Grade One spirit medicine, there still exists a high risk of failure.”

“I only have ten sets of each type of medicinal grass, I can’t afford to be wasteful.” Bai Xiaochun’s personality has always been a cautious - one that seeks safety and stability. When he was memorising the plants and herbs, he made sure to remember them down to the finest detail. And at this moment, before Bai Xiaochun started refining medicine, he first approached the subject with a similar attitude - choosing not to start the refinement immediately, instead, thoroughly studying the medicinal recipe.

Time passed, one day after the other, until seven days later, he had completely comprehended the medicinal recipe; Bai Xiaochun had closed his eyes as he continuously analysed and simulated the medicinal recipe in his mind. Not until the sun was about to set did Bai Xiaochun finally opened his eyes again. After thinking for a moment, he took out the medicinal recipe for the Spirit Replenishing Pill and started studying again.

Half a month later, blood vessels filled Bai Xiaochun’s eyes; he had thoroughly comprehended both recipes and the medicinal plants they required. After pondering for a short moment, he suddenly stood up and walked out of his courtyard.

Medicine refinement required a pill furnace, however, the price of a pill furnace was not cheap and Bai Xiaochun could not afford to obtain one. Luckily, within the sect, there was a Medicine Refinement Pavilion specifically built for disciples to refine their medicine. A disciple only had to spend a certain amount of contribution points in exchange for the opportunity to refine medicine within the pavilion.

The Medicine Refinement Pavilion lay on the eastern side of the Scented Cloud Mountain, which was not too far away from where Bai Xiaochun stayed. The Medicine Refinement Pavilion was also peaceful, unlike the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion which was always packed with crowds of people. After all, even if one searched the entire Scented Cloud Mountain, there still wouldn’t be many who had the skills to refine medicine. Moreover, some of these people already possessed their own pill furnaces and as such they had no need to come here.

After paying the specified amount of contribution points, Bai Xiaochun obtained a month’s time in the Medicine Refinement Pavilion. As Bai Xiaochun walked in, a structure made up of over a hundred individual rooms greeted his eyes. Each room also had an array formation around it to prevent the medicine-refiner from being disturbed by the outside world.

Holding on to the wooden tablet he received, Bai Xiaochun walked into the thirteenth room and swept a glance around its interior. The room wasn’t big, it was almost empty except for a single pill furnace placed in the center of the room. Under the pill furnace, a flame seemed to be faintly burning.

Sitting down cross-legged, Bai Xiaochun took in a deep breath as he laid his eyes on the pill furnace. After closely inspecting it, he looked at the fire beneath the pill furnace and tried to stimulate it with his spirit Qi. In an instant, the fire grew fiercer, causing the temperature in the room to rise. The pill furnace also started to redden at a speed visible to the naked eye.

After trying numerous tries, Bai Xiaochun soon managed to control the strength of the fire with the help of his mastery in the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique. Once he familiarised himself with the control and could accurately manipulate the fire, he slapped his storage pouch and retrieved the medicinal plants and grasses.

“The Longevity Incense Stick is of great importance to me. I shouldn’t refine it first, only when I familiarised myself with medicine refinement should I refine this incense. In this case, I should start practicing with the Spirit Replenishing Pill first. This pill is ranked Grade One and is suitable for those under the fifth level of Qi Condensation.” Bai Xiaochun made up his mind as his expression turned to one filled with concentration. As he once again recalled the medicinal recipe of the Spirit Replenishing Pill in his mind, he immediately began refining the medicine.

He took out a stalk of a medicinal plant required for the Spirit Replenishing Pill and held it in front of his eyes. With a wave of his right hand, the leaves on the stalk of the plant immediately fell off. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned serious as he spread out his spirit Qi from within his body to form a gust of wind that instantly compressed the leaves together. Nine drops of sap dripped out of the compressed leaves and fell into the pill furnace.

‘Pfft’ ! Plumes of green mist immediately rose from within the pill furnace as Bai Xiaochun increased his concentration to its peak. The moment this mist had appeared, Bai Xiaochun rapidly waved both of his hands and removed the stem’s vessels from the medicinal plant in his hand. He threw each of them into the pill furnace while controlling the flame at the same time. During the process, more and more mist started to form within the pill furnace.

However, this mist refused to dissipate, instead, it coalesced together. As the mist continuously rolled in the furnace, Bai Xiaochun took out the second stalk of medicinal plant and catalysed it as he held it in his hand. Flowers immediately bloomed on the stalk of the plant from which Bai Xiaochun plucked the petals that he had thrown into the furnace.

Time passed by, Bai Xiaochun devoted his entire heart and soul into medicine refinement; he continuously took out medicinal plants and threw them into the furnace. After he had put in eight different plants, his gaze shone with a bright light as he stared at the pill furnace. He then slowly changed its temperature by controlling the fire. Under this intense concentration, beads of sweat formed on his forehead and they trickled down the silhouette of his face.

Two hours later, a dull sound echoed from within the pill furnace. At the same time, billows of black charred smoke dissipated into the air; although it was rapidly sucked away by the array formation in the room, Bai Xiaochun still coughed a couple of times from choking on the smoke. Looking at the the black residue in the pill furnace with an ugly expression, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but frown.

“Failed……” Bai Xiaochun sat down and propped his chin with his hand. His eyes revealed that he fell into deep thought, carefully recollecting the details from the medicine-refining process. Since his personality was cautious, he did not continue attempting to refine the medicine again. Whether it was memorising the plants and herbs or medicine refinement, Bai Xiaochun always pursued perfection.

This lasted over three days. On the third day, Bai Xiaochun had replayed his first medicine-refining process in his mind over a thousand times, finding no less than fifty mistakes. Finally, he took in a deep breath, resting for a moment, and lit up the furnace once again.

The actual time to refine the pill did not take long. Four hours later, the same sound resounded from the pill furnace as a similar smoke spread into the air, revealing the residue in the furnace once again.

The tenacity and stubbornness in Bai Xiaochun’s character surfaced once again. He scooped out the residue and carefully studied it. Coupled with the recollection of the medicine-refinement process, Bai Xiaochun studied the medicinal recipe and the medicinal plants once more. This time, the analysis took ten days, after which, with bloodshot eyes, Bai Xiaochun finally started the furnace for the third time.

The third attempt with the furnace started out steady, however, just when the pill was about to form, cracks appeared and the dull sound echoed once more. Bai Xiaochun jumped and fixed a death stare on the residue inside the pill furnace. Silence reigned for a long time, and then finally, Bai Xiaochun sat at one side, closed his eyes, and once again fell into deep thought.

This time, he pondered for almost half a month, not until his time with the medicine room was almost over did Bai Xiaochun finally open his eyes, grit his teeth, and start the furnace for the fourth time.

At the moment his time with the medicine room ran out, this attempt had already ended up as a failure.

If other Medicine Apprentices were to see this scene, they would definitely find it unbelievable. In a single month, if it was any other person, they would have easily refined over ten times, and no matter what, at the very least, they would produce some medicine.

Even if the medicine was refined into just a single grain, that was still an achievement.

After all, no matter how one looked at it, medicine-refining was extremely difficult. Otherwise, throughout the entire Eastern Forest Continent, there would not have been just two true Medicine Masters.

Even if one counted all the Medicine Apprentices, they would not amount to a particularly large number. Moreover, most of them wouldn’t have the chance to promote themselves into a Medicine Master their whole life.

In reality, the main reason for this was…...there simply weren’t not enough resources to groom a Medicine Apprentice. If one had enough resources, and under constant and repeated practice, though it may not necessarily ensure that one would definitely become a Medicine Master, the chances would definitely be much higher.

Hence, the success rate of medicine refinement in the eyes of everyone only had a single method to be increased - through constant practice and increased proficiency.

And what everyone was pursuing was indeed this kind proficiency.

Only when one has reached a sufficient level of proficiency could they increase the success rate of medicine refinement. Even when the medicine-refining failed sometimes, most Medicine Apprentices think of it as nothing out of the ordinary; one just had to learn their lesson and start refining again, only then would their proficiency increase. Especially when it came to refining ordinary pill medicines, where the ingredients were inexpensive, Medicine Apprentices would use the chance and spare no effort in practicing.

As for Bai Xiaochun, though his path was the same, his speed was much slower than normal. Every single time he failed, he would spend countless of his precious medicine-refining time to continuously study, analyse, and simulate the process in his mind.

All of this stemmed from his personality - cautious and meticulous. This meticulousness had just barely been revealed when he was studying the plants and herbs. However, now that he had come into contact with medicine refinement, this trait had been exponentially magnified, overtaking his character and attitude.

And because of this meticulousness, Bai Xiaochun was able to discover more mistakes than the average person, and this amount was not just a small amount. Instead, because he pondered a lot and thoroughly analyzed everything, including areas where others would not even think there was a mistake, he would still feel there was a problem when he looked at it.

And because of his cautiousness, no matter how miniscule the mistake was, he would always make sure he corrected it first before continuing with medicine refining. As a result, his time spent on thinking was many times that of the time spent on medicine refining.

The month's worth of time had finally ended, Bai Xiaochun walked out of the Medicine Refinement Pavilion exhausted; his hair disheveled, his face black with soot. Once he returned back to his courtyard, he fell silent for a long time as he constantly recollected his experiences in his mind.

“There are still nine areas with mistakes, once these nine areas have been cleared up, I can continue with the medicine refinement.” Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth as he sat in his courtyard. With his eyes closed, Bai Xiaochun was deep in thought. He continuously analysed the problems in his mind, taking out the medicinal plants to observe them in detail from time to time.

Half a month later, he fervently dashed out from his yard and once again spent some contribution points to enter the Medicine Refinement Pavilion.

The fifth time…..failed!

He used seven days in analysing the process, seeking out the problems, and solving them before starting to refine again.

The sixth time…….failed!

With his eyes bloodshot, this time, Bai Xiaochun spent twenty days before he finally felt that there were no more mistakes, then started the furnace for the seventh time.

Two hours passed, yet the dull sound did not appear, instead, a pill aroma rose toward Bai Xiaochun, and he excitedly looked at the two green-coloured medicine pills within the pill furnace. He sucked in a deep breath, it was the seventh attempt, and he had finally succeeded!

Following that, he continued to refine. The eighth time…... success, with three pills!

The ninth time…... success, with five pills!

The tenth time…...still a success, however, when the pill appeared from the tenth refinement, there was only one of it. Moreover, it wasn’t green coloured, instead, it was black. It did not exude any pill aroma, and when one tried to smell it, there would even be a strange scent…...

Just when Bai Xiaochun was still in shock, the entire Medicine Refinement Pavilion immediately trembled.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2/2 sponsored chapter of the week. Special thanks to an anonymous sponsor and FriendsFavor for sponsoring this chapter.

Translated by: Xin

TLCed by: Xin, Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41 - Effects of Spirit Refinement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 41 - Effects of Spirit Refinement

There were no rats on the Scented Cloud Mountain. It was a land of cultivation, and rats, who were not spirit beasts, had no place there. However, in the mountains, quite a number of ants dwelled.

These ants were animals of nature, and their daily activities in the cracks of mountain rocks bothered no one. They were seen as a part of the mountain, and no one paid much attention to these little creatures.

But this day near the Medicine Refinement Pavilion, the sentries stationed there abruptly stood up as an immeasurable amount of ants streamed out from the ground, heading for the pavilion.

“W-what’s happening?” A sentry took in a deep breath as he gazed at the endless swarm of ants, frightened.

At the same time, the rooms in the Medicine Refinement Pavilion were full of disciples refining pills. Upon seeing the ants, all of them jumped up as even more swarms of ants filled the room despite the protective formations. After all, the pavillion was part of the mountain, and the ants had plenty of cracks here and there to enter from.

And the entirety of the swarm was headed in a single direction.

This direction lead to the room where Bai Xiaochun was. At the moment, Bai Xiaochun was curiously inspecting the black pill in his hand when rumbling sounds suddenly came from outside. He blinked, realizing that swarms of ants were entering his room.

These crazed ants charged at Bai Xiaochun.

“An ant crisis in the Scented Cloud Mountain!” Bai Xiaochun jumped up, feeling uncomfortable from the sight of these ants. The ants, to his surprise, jumped with him, aiming for the black pill in his hand.

Bai Xiaochun’s hair stood on end after witnessing such a scene. For him, it didn’t matter whether the black pill was useful or not. Without hesitation, Bai Xiaochun tossed the black pill out of his hands, and as soon as the pill left his hands, the ants madly charged towards where the pill was thrown.

Once it touched the ground, the pill was covered in ants within the blink of an eye. A huge sphere formed, causing Bai Xiaochun’s face to pale.

In the next moment, the sphere made of ants collapsed, and the countless ants retreated into the cracks, leaving not even a trace of the pill behind.

The entire pavilion was void of ants from that point onwards. The ants came and left just as fast. The sentries didn’t feel comfortable about that ant invasion, but seeing that nothing was damaged or lost, they didn’t give it much thought, and didn’t report it either.

After all, only Bai Xiaochun witnessed the ants’ insanity. To others, it was just a great number of ants passing by.

Bai Xiaochun picked up the pill he was refining, his thoughts still filled with ants. There didn’t seem to be a problem, until he realized he was way too attentive toward the details. He wanted not just success, but utter perfection.

“Could it be that the pill I refined is suitable for ants?” Shaking his head, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but feel proud from the fact that he could make pills not only for humans, but even for ants.

Upon leaving the room, he saw other disciples who were just leaving as well. The surrounding rooms were full of whispers and moaning, which was partly Bai Xiaochun’s fault, so he left in a haste.

A few days later, after seeing that nothing about the ants was being discussed, Bai Xiaochun went back to the pavilion, and exchanged his pills for contribution points. He picked another room and started refining once again.

This time, he started refining the Longevity Incense Stick.

Refining incense sticks and refining pills may sound similar, but the technique involved was very different. After all, one inhales from an incense stick, but pills were consumed..

With the experience from his last refinements, Bai Xiaochun was much more careful and calm when he was refining the incense stick. After two months, he had finished seven.

He left with satisfaction, taking the seven Longevity Incense Sticks with him. In his wooden cabin, the three successive refinements resulted in a deep purple hue on the incense sticks. The patterns on the sticks dulled, but they were still standing out. These incense sticks were on a completely different level compared to before.

Bai Xiaochun was deep in thought as he held the sticks in his hand. He was different now. His knowledge of spirit medicines had vastly expanded, and as he refined them, it increased even further. He knew that any medicine that came out after refinement had impurities inside them. The impurities weren’t supposed to be consumed, but they were extremely difficult to separate from the medicine. But nonetheless, if impurities entered the body, they would build up and coagulate into toxicity referred to as medicine toxicity.

This was also the reason why many of the sect elders were unwilling to let the disciples consume pills. The underlying problems, theoretically, shouldn’t be too serious as a certain amount of the medicine toxicity would be expelled from the body over time. However, if the medicine pills were consumed more than necessary, the medicine toxicity would naturally increase. By letting it gradually build up, it would hinder future cultivation.

Thus, based on the amount of impurities, medicine was classified into six levels.

“Low, medium, high, fine, great and supreme…” Bai Xiaochun looked at the incense sticks in his palm while mumbling. If the impurity level of the medicine was ninety percent: it was poison. Unless forced to do so, no one would consume it.

If it was eighty percent, it would be classified as a low quality medicine. This was the most common type. Sixty percent would be a medium quality medicine, which was uncommon these days, and was only crafted by true Medicine Masters.

As for those with a forty percent impurity level, they were high quality medicines. Rare. The ones with only twenty percent impurity level were fine medicines, and those with ten percent were known as great medicines which could only be seen in large scale auctions every once in a while.

The supreme medicine that had zero impurities only existed in legends.

Bai Xiaochun stared at the incense sticks. When he was refining medicine last time, he didn’t understand anything. Now, as he inspected the incense sticks with heightened attentiveness, he immediately discovered that refining medicine with the turtle-shell pot was about changing the quality rather than improving it the way he strengthened the power of his equipment.

And the incense sticks in his hand had only forty percent impurities. It was a fine medicine.

This discovery excited Bai Xiaochun. He headed to the Purple Cauldron Mountain, not for Zhang Fatso One, but for the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect, towards the Spirit Refinement Hall only found on the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

The disciples could pay contribution points for the elders of the Spirit Refinement Hall to help with their refinements. The success rate wasn’t too high, but nevertheless, many disciples still came.

Bai Xiaochun looked around as he entered the Refinement Hall and did some research. He confirmed that it was possible to learn how to remove impurities from refined medicine.

Returning back to the Scented Cloud Mountain, Bai Xiaochun looked happily at the results of his work in his hands. He lit one of the incense sticks and sniffed, feeling a sense of satisfaction one would have after finishing a lavish meal. The scent entered his body wave after wave, filling him with warmth. If life was a ball of fire, then at this moment, this fire had firewood thrown inside, blazing it.

Sniffing the incense stick and cultivating the Unending Longevity Technique, things were going well. As soon as he felt hunger from cultivating, he would take a deep breath to abate it.

Seven of these incense sticks supported his cultivation for half a month, until he felt that his impenetrable iron skin had obviously toughened, and his body had become indisputably stronger.

The success rate in refining these Longevity Incense Sticks rose under his care, from seventy percent success rate to eighty, ninety, and in the end, one hundred.

But Bai Xiaochun still felt dissatisfied. He had a perfect success rate, but the medicines he created were still only low quality medicines.

But this sort of thing was hard to improve in the short term. All he could do was use refinement to remove impurities and sniff an incense stick from time to time. It made him incomparably happy.

His Unending Longevity Technique improved day by day along with his cultivation, reaching the peak of the sixth level Qi Condensation.

As for the Unending Longevity Technique that was improving the fastest, only a bit more was left before he could reach the peak of the Impenetrable Iron Skin. The hardness of his skin had vastly improved, and his two fingers now had a much darker colour when he casted his Throat Crushing Grasp.

But the effects of the incense sticks wore off. In the end, there was almost no effect from sniffing them. Bai Xiaochun sighed. He understood that his body had gotten used to the incense sticks after using them too much.

He wanted to continue training, but he needed a replacement for the incense sticks. This type of medicine was controlled strictly, and wasn’t sold in the city square. The only way he could get them was to pass the promotional examination and exchange contribution points for them afterwards.

Or he could go to an even larger city. However, those city squares were a long way from the sect. After careful consideration, Bai Xiaochun made a decision.

“Onwards to the promotional exams!”

He thought that with his experience in refinement, and his knowledge about herbs, passing shouldn’t be very difficult. However, to be safe, Bai Xiaochun purchased more recipes and practiced all of them. He signed up for the examination after feeling sufficient confidence.

This type of promotional examination was not open for only a single person. After enough people had signed up, the promotional examination’s preparations would begin. After he had waited for a month, Bai Xiaochun was pondering a question regarding the refinement of Spirit Medicines when his identity plate vibrated in his pouch. Taking it out, an elderly voice rang inside his head.

“Tomorrow, at dawn, at the Medicine Master’s Temple, the promotional examination will commence.”

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Regular Chapter 1/4 of the week. Schedule has been changed to 4 guaranteed chapters a week and up to two sponsored chapters a week.

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42 - Promotional Examination!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 42 - Promotional Examination!

The Medicine Master’s Pavilion, which was located south of the Scented Cloud Mountain, was surrounded by the thick foliage of green trees. A small, winding trail, filled with limestones, lead to the main path on the Scented Cloud Mountain. Except for the times when a promotional examination was being held, the Medicine Master’s Pavilion was usually devoid of people.

Other than those participating in the promotional examination, most of the attendees were either their friends or those that wanted to participate in the examination but were not confident of their abilities and were therefore hoping to gain experience from observing the participants.

From afar, the Medicine Master’s Pavilion looked very similar to a person seated cross-legged in meditation, and there was even a huge pill furnace in front it. The underside of the furnace was hollow and a large hole was dug through the furnace for people to access the public arena of the pavilion.

There were 20 identical pill furnaces that were placed in the public arena, and in each of the furnaces, there was a bag that contained the ingredients required for medicine refinement.

At the crack of dawn, Bai Xiaochun had already arrived at the public arena because he had been worried that he might get lost again. However, upon reaching his destination, he realised that there were numerous people that had already arrived before him. All of them were quietly having their own discussions in groups of twos and threes, and a few others that were more reclusive were mediating while sitting cross-legged.

Bai Xiaochun was clearly not keen to just meaninglessly wait for the promotion examination to begin. He took a quick glance at the crowd and unexpectedly saw Xu Baocai who noticed him as well. He quickly cupped his fist in the other hand, greeting Bai Xiaochun, and the two of them made some small talk, most of which were news about sect disciples that Xu Baocai had found out recently.

“Senior Bai, have you heard? Chen Fei and two of his men encountered unknown enemies when they were away six months ago, and they were beaten up so badly by their enemies that they are still recovering from their injuries even now. For some unknown reasons, the three of them unexpectedly insisted on not revealing who were the culprits.” Xu Baocai said while he sized up Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun chuckled and just when he was about to brag, the crowd suddenly got noisier. He had a gut feeling that he was being watched, so he quickly turned his head to the side and saw a lady on a narrow road approaching him in big strides.

That lady was wearing the long robes of the Outer Sect but they were unable to conceal the enchanting figure underneath. Her waist was as thin as a willow and the alluring curves outlined by her robe made her a beauty incomparable to others, especially her long, slender legs. As she drew nearer to Bai Xiaochun, the crowd was increasingly anxious while waiting.

The lady’s appearance was even more alluring than just that; she had a snow white skin, as delicate as glass. From head to toe, she was absolutely perfect, and her irresistable charm had caused all the disciples to fall head over heels for her.

The crowd was bewitched by the lady to the point Bai Xiaochun even heard the people around him swallowing their saliva when they looked at her, especially Xu Baocai. Seeing him like this, Bai Xiaochun held him in contempt.

“It’s Senior Sister Du Lingfei… One of the five great beauties from the South Bank... She is the goddess in my heart… Oh! She is looking at me now!” Xu Baocai licked his lips, his eyes revealing his infatuation for her. He spoke softly as he suddenly grew excited.

“She is looking at me!” Bai Xiaochun said to Xu Baocai with disdain.

As Du Lingfei approached them, she glared at Bai Xiaochun, her eyes evidently filled with anger. Even though she was convinced of Bai Xiaochun’s mastery in herbs and plants, she still had an unspeakable hatred for him as a person. Du Lingfei snorted softly and moved to the other side of the road.

Xu Baocai’s eyes remained locked on Du Lingfei, and in his muddled mind, he ignored Bai Xiaochun’s look of disdain. He was more obsessed about Du Lingfei than ever.

“Du Lingfei must also be here for the promotional examination….” Bai Xiaochun thought to himself as he glanced at the twenty pill furnaces on the public arena, settling his heart.

“It’s alright, I’m not competing with her for the first place anyway. This time around, it’s a promotional examination and anyone skilled enough can pass and be promoted.”

Not long after, Chen Zi’ang appeared too. When he noticed Bai Xiaochun, he hesitated for a moment before greeting him with a smile, whom also returned the greeting to Chen Zi’ang, and then sat cross-legged at a side to await for the start of the promotional examination.

Zhao Yiduo, the disciple Bai Xiaochun met at the Mission Exchange Pavilion, was also there at the public arena. Gradually, the crowd got bigger as more people arrived for the promotional examination.

Soon after, the main gate of the Medicine Master’s Pavilion creaked open and a white-haired elder walked out of the gate. He had a profound look in his eyes and the crowd fell silent the moment they saw him.

He appeared expressionless as he clasped both of his hands behind his back. He slowly walked toward the arena and sluggishly scanned the crowd before nodding his head and speaking in an unhurried manner.

“My surname is Xu, the host of this Spirit Child to Medicine Apprentice promotional examination.”

“There are two components to this examination, namely, the herbs and plants test and medicine refinement.” Elder Xu seemed to be reluctant to say more and shut his eyes, ignoring everyone else after his short speech.

At the beginning, there was nobody that went up the public arena. A short moment later, a young lad with an ordinary appearance came out of the crowd. He greeted Elder Xu from afar before heading straight to the arch that was shaped like a pill furnace.

Right when he neared the arch, there was a flash of light that shrouded him before quickly fading away. The pill furnace shook violently and five notes sounded.

“Those five notes means that the young lad has attained the fifth volume of herbs and plants mastery…” Xu Baocai, being a knowledgeable person, told Bai Xiaochun softly.

Bai Xiaochun was a little taken aback because before he arrived here, he was unaware that the promotional examination would be conducted this way. After he heard what Xu Baocai had said, he curiously measured the size of the pill furnace that was made of stone. He had a gut feeling that those pill furnaces were somewhat related to the stone steles in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion.

“What should I do…. that bunch of Zhou Xinqi admirers are looking for me…” Bai Xiaochun was a little hesitant.

Participants went towards the arch in quick succession and all of them revealed the attainment of the fifth volume of herbs. However, when one of the participant approached it, only four notes were heard. Elder Xu florished his sleeves and told the disciple to immediately leave.

“Elder Xu, weren’t participants only required an attainment of the fourth volume of herbs to enter the promotional examination in the past?” the rejected discipline’s expression changed and anxiously asked.

“The rules have changed, only those who have attained the fifth volume may enter.”

“This…” The young disciple was stunned for a moment. He had a bitter look in his eyes as he bade farewell to Elder Xu. He quietly left as he dared not say more.

Everyone in the crowd focused their attention on the incident and many started whispering about it. Xu Baocai was also flabbergasted and he quickly took out a notebook to record the new rule. Bai Xiaochun took a peek at the notebook and realised that all the thickly dotted words in it were records of every major and minor news in the sect. Bai Xiaochun had some admiration for Xu Baocai when he saw how serious he was about it.

At this moment, Zhao Yiduo stood up and walked toward the arch. There was a loud echo and six notes sounded out. Elder Xu widened his eyes and nodded his head slightly. Zhao Yiduo cupped his hands together to bid Elder Xu farewell and left the arch.

Chen Zi’ang eyes brightly shone; he had always been on bad terms with Zhao Yiduo. At this instance, he scoffed and took big strides towards arch. After a rumble, six notes were heard as well.

Chen Zi’ang gave a ‘tit for tat’ look at Zhao Yiduo and went to sit cross-legged beside the pill furnace.

One after another, people in the crowd turned green with envy after learning that Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo had both attained mastery over the sixth volume of herbs. At the same time, Du Lingfei’s eyes lit up and walked towards the arch. After another rumble, echoes of six notes were heard as well. Onlookers in the crowd got even more envious.

“The trio of Chen Zi’ang, Zhao Yiduo and Du Lingfei from the Outer Sect are outstanding talents of our generation. Not only have they fully mastered the fifth volume of herbs and plants, they have also fully grasped the first volume of spirit beasts mastery. For this promotional examination, there is almost a seventy to eighty percent chance for them to become a Medicine Apprentices.”

“In the past, for participants who had appeared on the sixth stone stele for spirit beasts, so long as they did not perform too poorly in the medicine refinement, they would most likely succeed in their promotion.”

While the crowd was discussing, Bai Xiaochu clenched his teeth as he chose to ignore the bunch of Zhou Xinqi admirers. Right before he made his way toward the arch, suddenly, a silhouette appeared in the distance. Within a blink of an eye, it reached the public arena. The silhouette was that of a young lad who had very messy hair, but his eyes were bright and lively.

“I, Han Jianye, have kept myself in seclusion for seven years and I have finally acomplished mastery over herbs and plants. Now that I have come out of seclusion, not only do I intend to be promoted to a medicine apprentice, I intend to be the first medicine apprentice in this examination!” he said proudly. In a flash, he abruptly rushed straight toward the arch.

Elder Xu did not take notice of him and kept his eyes closed as usual, however, one by one, the people in the surrounding were astonished when they heard Han Jianye’s name.

“Who is Han Jianye? I have never heard of his name.”

“Based on his age, he should be an outer sect disciple from seven to eight years ago… his wish to become the first medicine apprentice is too difficult to achieve.”

When the crowd was still restless, Han Jianye walked towards the arch. He had a proud expression and was full of confidence as he stepped into the arch. At the instance he stepped into the arch, there was a sudden rumble and another set of notes echoed.

One, two…, five, six, seven… Before the crowd could even react, an eighth note echoed from the pill furnace.

Elder Xu’s eyes opened in a flash. When he looked at the young lad, he showed a smile, and in his eyes, there was a look of praise directed at Han Jianye.

“Fifth volume of herbs and plants, third volume of spirit beasts. Not bad!”

Han Jianye was elated. He cupped his fist to bid farewell to Elder Xu and turned his body to take a glance at Du Lingfei and the others. He was full of himself, and after flourishing his sleeves, he chose to seat cross-legged beside the most central pill furnace.

At this moment, one after another, everyone in the crowd inhaled deeply and exclaimed in surprise.

“Only when a person has fully mastered herbs and plants and has attained mastery of the third volume of spirit beasts will eight notes sound out!”

“Now it does not seem as impossible as when Han Jianye said he wanted to be the first medicine apprentice in this examination!”

Bai Xiaochun felt indifferent from what he saw, but he found it strange when he saw how surprised the crowd was.

“Isn’t it just the third volume of spirit beasts, why are these people making such a big fuss out of it?” Bai Xiaochun, being shocked, asked Xu Baocai. He recalled there were thousands of people that had attained mastery of the third volume of spirit beast stone steles, and even if it was the number ten stone steles, there were already hundreds of people that have surpassed it.

Xu Baocai rolled his eyes, deep down in his heart, he despised Bai Xiaochun but dared not to reveal it to him in person. Xu Baocai coughed dryly and began talking.

“Senior Bai, you don’t understand. It is difficult to attain mastery of the fifth volume of herbs and plants and to achieve the same for spirit beasts is even more difficult. If one achieved the sixth volume, people would be envious of that achievement; to have reached the eighth volume will naturally lead to people being surprised and awed. Do you think everyone is as exceptionally talented as Zhou Xinqi and that Little Turtle? Let’s not even talk about them; out of the thousands of disciples in Scented Cloud Mountain, there are less than fifty who have attained mastery of the fifth volume herbs and spirit beasts!”

“Of the fifty, all of them are dragons among men. If you take a look at those stone steles in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion, even though there are many names on it, in reality, in that thousand-year-old name list, there are quite a few names of cultivators that are already Inner Sect disciples. What is left on the steles is the rank they attained during their youth!”

“In addition, for this kind of promotional examination, it only requires a person to produce the fifth note, but there is someone that joined the examination only after he was able to produce the eighth note. It is evident that he wants to be the number one medicine apprentice and earn five thousand contribution points.” Xu Baocai finished his sentence with a scornful tone that was belittling Bai Xiaochun. However, Bai Xiaochun was not concerned about it at all, instead, he looked elated at Xu Baocai and asked.

“Just now you mentioned that Zhou Xinqi and the Little Turtle are exceptional talents. Are they really that formidable?”

“Of course, especially the Little Turtle who really surprised people. He is the first in a thousand years to be ranked first on all ten stone steles. Senior Bai, please allow me to advise you to not bite off more than what you can chew.” Deep inside his heart, Xu Baocai despised Bai Xiaochun even more. Right after Xu Baocai finished speaking, Bai Xiaochun laughed. The more he looked at Xu Baocai, the more he felt that this Xu Baocai looked even more pleasing to the eyes. He patted Xu Baocai’s shoulders and walked away.

Xu Baocai stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun as he saw him walk towards the arch. He was only slightly flabbergasted because he recalled that Bai Xiaochun was a reputable figure in herbs and plants, and after defeating Du Lingfei, joining this promotional examination was reasonable.

A brief moment later, both of Xu Baocai’s eyes widened when he saw a brilliant ray of light, followed by thunderous sounds that reverberated throughout the surroundings when Bai Xiaochun entered the arch with big strides

One, two, three… six, seven, and eight!

The surroundings fell completely silent but the thunderous sound did not stop as it continued to sound the ninth note until… the tenth note!

Boom!

At the second the tenth note was heard, Elder Xu’s eyes suddenly opened widely, revealing an unprecedented look; he locked his eyes onto Bai Xiaochun. Even Elder Xu himself was astonished by Bai Xiaochun’s talent.

Out of thousands of disciples on the Scented Cloud Mountain, there were not many that had attained fifth volume in both herbs and plants mastery and spirit beast mastery, and those disciples had joined the promotional examination long ago. For someone to have the patience to join the examination only after attaining mastery of the tenth volume of herbs and plants as well as spirit beasts, Elder Xu had not seen anyone do it before, not until today.

Even Zhou Xinqi joined the promotional examination when she reached the ninth stone stele.

Du Lingfei widened her eyes and stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun. She knew that Bai Xiaochun’s mastery in herbs and plants was better than hers, but she had never imagined Bai Xiaochun’s skills to be so superior to hers, to the point where he had complete mastery of herbs and plants and spirit beast to everyone’s shock.

There was a buzz in her head and she fell into a daze as images of the past floated in her mind. She recalled the time when she had a minor competition against Bai Xiaochun, she willingly suggested to compete in herbs and plants. Bai Xiaochun was prudent and asked of Du Lingfei’s ranking with an apprehensive look on his face. When he agreed to the competition, he had an anxious look on his face.

“BAI, XIAO, CHUN!” Du Lingfei furiously clenched her teeth. At this moment, she finally understood that during that time, Bai Xiaochun was probably laughing at her from the bottom of his heart.

Both Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo also took a deep breath, and when they turned their gaze toward Bai Xiaochun, they were stunned and stood there, expressionless.

As for Han Jianye who had went into seclusion for years, his body trembled and he menacingly glared at Bai Xiaochun. There was a huge buzz in his mind and he already classified Bai Xiaochun as the biggest enemy in his lifetime.

“The importance of this medicine apprentice promotional examination lies in medicine refinement. Even though Bai Xiaochun is strong, I don’t believe he can compete with me in medicine refinement! I have been in seclusion for seven years just to be the number one in this examination!”

Meanwhile, the observing outer sect disciples inhaled deeply. The cries of surprise and even alarm from the crowd were even louder than before, to the point where some even lost their voice.

“It’s actually… ten notes. Doesn’t that mean that he has already attained mastery of the fifth volume of spirit beasts in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion? Among all the outer sect disciples in Scented Cloud Mountain, there are less than fifty that can achieve that!”

“This guy is too good at restraining himself. He actually joined the promotional examination only after he passed the tenth stone steles in the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion!”

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2/4 guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Kah Keng

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43 - Very Slow… Very Slow...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 43 - Very Slow… Very Slow...

“It cannot be… He is the Little Turtle!!” Everyone was in an uproar.

Compared to everyone else, the person who was shocked the most was Xu Baocai. He looked dumbstruck at Bai Xiaochun. His eyeballs felt as if they were going to pop out of their sockets. He had just scorned Bai Xiaochun in his heart for not taking the third volume of the spirit beasts seriously, but looking back, Bai Xiaochun didn’t really need to take it seriously……

“Mastery of herbs, mastery of spirit beasts… By being here, Bai Xiaochun is clearly ridiculing me now! However, this is too unbelievable, he has only been in the sect for a few years… He couldn’t possibly be the Little Turtle?” Xu Baocai took a deep breath. He quickly retrieved the small notebook and recorded everything. Deep down in his heart, he was thankful that his resentment towards the other party had already dissipated, and that the scorn in his voice wasn’t too obvious.

While everyone was still shocked, Bai Xiaochun stepped away from the arch with a sigh. In reality, if there was no need to reveal his attainments in the ten herb and spirit beast steles, he wouldn’t have exposed them either. After all, among Zhou Xinqi’s admirers, there are inner sect disciples as well.

But he didn’t have a choice today. He couldn’t let such reasons stop him from being promoted. Although he was annoyed, seeing everyone’s expressions and hearing their voices, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but feel touched.

“They really are a good bunch of fellow sect disciples. If everyone was like this, how nice would that be!” That was how Bai Xiaochun felt as he walked away from the arch. Under everyone’s gaze, he chose a pill furnace and sat down.

Elder Xu glanced thoughtfully at Bai Xiaochun, the corner of his lips giving away a hint of a smile which quickly disappeared. Calming down once again, he lightly spoke.

“There are ten herbs in the bags in front of you. The Grade One medicine which is to be refined ten times is the Black Incense!”

“Using the success rate as the basis for the assessment, two successes and you qualify. To the candidate who refines the most… The reward is five thousand contribution points. Begin.”

As soon as Elder Xu’s words reached them, the outer sect disciples observing the assessment were shocked.

“The assessment this time is actually Black Incense!”

“Even though this Black Incense is not the most difficult herb to refine amongst those in the first grade, the level of difficulty is not to be underestimated….. It is not like the Dried Incense that a lot of Spirit Children have practiced beforehand.”

“Humph, even a better way to test a person’s herb refining abilities. Have all of you failed to notice that the previously required fourth volume of herbs has already turned into the fifth volume? And now the increase in the level of difficulty for the medicine shows the examination’s difficulty will only increase more in the future.”

While everyone was whispering among themselves, the participants, who were sitting in front of their pill furnaces, were awaiting their assessment with composed expressions. Although many felt like crying in their hearts when they heard ‘Black Incense’, they did not have the luxury to be distracted. All of them quickly opened the bags and inspected the herbs.

Despite having heard of the five thousand contribution points reward from Xu Baocai, after hearing Elder Xu’s words, Bai Xiaochun felt his heart racing. He did not have many contribution points left and regardless of whether it was to purchase medicine recipes or to purchase herbs itself, it all required contribution points.

“If I can obtain the five thousand contribution points, it will save me a lot of work. I won’t need to think of ways to earn more for a while.” As Bai Xiaochun’s thoughts reached this point, he opened the bag in front of him. Besides the ten sets of herbs inside, there was also a jade piece. Pinching it in his hands, it turned out to be the medicine recipe for the Black Incense.

Bai Xiaochun did not immediately start refining the herbs. He concentrated, attentively examining the medicine recipe.

He inspected it very slowly. This was related to his habit of refining herbs. Even if it was just a minuscule problem, he felt the need to overcome it first in order to feel prepared.

This inspection took him an hour.

In this hour, Du Lingfei and the others had already completed their inspections of the herbs and had started refining them. In fact, they acted so fast that the first half of the sets had already been refined.

Looking at the whole arena, with the exception of Bai Xiaochun, the rest were all already refining their herbs. It was only Bai Xiaochun who was still inspecting the jade piece in his hands. This strange scene surprised the observing outer sect disciples, including Xu Baocai.

It was at this time that bursts of muffled rumbles rang out, showing the results of the first batches of medicine. Besides Bai Xiaochun, the eighteen other participants also fell silent. Black smoke emerged from within their pill furnaces. Their first batch had failed.

Only Han Jianye threw his head back and laughed. When his pill furnace rumbled, rich medicinal aroma wafted in the air and at the bottom of the pill furnace, a piece of Black Incense the size of three cun appeared.

(ED note: one cun is aproximately equal to 3.5cm)

The observing outer sect disciples immediately looked in his direction.

“The very first batch is successful!”

“This Han Jianye is adept in refining herbs!”

Han Jianye’s face showed his delight as his proud gaze swept the other candidates, especially Bai Xiaochun. Realising that Bai Xiaochun was actually still examining the medicine recipes, his eyes revealed disdain. Lowering his gaze, he took out the second set of herbs and started refining once again.

Du Lingfei and the others had disgruntled expressions on their faces. They all gritted their teeth and began refining once again as well.

Time passed and when the second hour ended, everyone’s second batch of medicine was completed one after the other. Dull rumbling sounds rang out once again. This time… not a single person had succeeded. Everyone failed.

It was at this point that Bai Xiaochun finally put down the jade piece. He had completely memorised the medicine recipe of this Black Incense. But just when everyone thought that he was going to start refining the herbs, they looked at Bai Xiaochun with shock when he took out one of the herbs and began scrutinizing again. He had a serious expression as he focused intensely.

“What is this Bai Xiaochun doing? He examined the medicine recipe for two hours. What more can he learn from this herb?”

“Even if it is an inspection, surely it shouldn’t be this slow…”

Xu Baocai’s eyes widened. He too felt incredulous seeing that the others were already on their third batch.

While everyone was wondering about that, the third hour arrived. This time, all of the eighteen participants failed once again. This followed in the fourth hour before finally in the fifth hour, there were four people that successfully refined the Black Incense. Du Lingfei, Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo were among those successful in refining their first piece of Black Incense.

Followed by a drifting aroma, Han Jianye’s proud smile appeared. He was the first to refine a second Black Incense stick. Looking at his surroundings, his expression became increasingly prideful while his contempt for Bai Xiaochun similarly intensified.

Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun was currently studying the fourth type of herb. He even cut one open to inspect it. Not only were the observers finding it increasingly surprising, even Elder Xu couldn’t help but throw a couple more glances in his direction.

Time flew by and soon the sixth hour arrived. Everyone failed their sixth batch of medicine, except for Han Jianye’s sole success.

At this moment, an uproar rose among the observing crowd. Even Elder Xu slightly nodded.

“This Han Jianye has already refined three batches while the others have only done one!”

“In previous assessments, two successful refinements were enough to qualify, four successful refinements would mean he’s a genius. Han Jianye has a couple more attempts, if he succeeds in refining another stick, he would be crowned as a genius.”

While everyone was busy discussing, Han Jianye’s eyes revealed a surging confidence as he mumbled softly to himself.

“I will definitely be able to refine the fourth piece of Black Incense and be known as a genius, obtaining first place in the process!” He flourished his long sleeve in high spirits, beginning the seventh batch.

Du Lingfei had an ashen look on her face, viciously clenching her teeth. Following Han Jianye, she and the others began their seventh batches as well.

When the seventh hour ended, happiness was revealed in Du Lingfei’s eyes. Inside the pill furnace in front of her, a medicinal aroma flowed. It was mixed with the black fog formed by the surrounding participants’ residue. She was actually the only one who had succeeded with this seventh batch.

“I passed, I can now be promoted, but just passing is not enough!” Du Lingfei controlled her excitement by taking a deep breath, then she started the refining process once again under Han Jianye’s cold expression.

The eighth hour passed swiftly and this time, a thunderous rumble sounded out, once again …… everyone had failed.

At this point, among the nineteen candidates participating in the promotional examination, Han Jianye had succeeded thrice, Du Lingfei had succeeded twice and both Chen Zi'ang and Zhao Yiduo had succeeded once. As for the others… they had not succeeded even once.

On Bai Xiaochun’s end, he was now starting to examine the last type of herb.

“The assessment this time is just too difficult…”

The observing outer sect disciples could also feel the tension in the air. There were enough materials for only two more sets in front of most of the candidates. Other than Du Lingfei and Han Jianye that were sure to pass, if Chen Zi'ang and Zhao Yiduo succeed in none of the two remaining attempts, then they would fail the assessment today.

Compared to the four of them, the other ten or so candidates were even more bitter and distressed. This was because they only had one chance left. If they failed a ninth time, there was no need to go through the tenth try. Elder Xu would also prevent them from wasting the herbs in such a manner.

If they failed their ninth batch, their assessment too would have… failed!

Amids everyone’s nervousness and uncertainty, all of them focused their full attention and began the ninth batch…… Regardless of who it was, everyone was extremely focused. Those who had qualified hoped to obtain a better result, those who did not qualify were giving their last push.

Only Bai Xiaochun… sat there holding his last type of herb, as if he had come across a difficult problem, furrowing his brows while deep in thought. His presence… had already been completely forgotten by the others.

This ninth hour seemed to pass very slowly. While everyone was waiting, a rumble echoed out as soon as the the ninth hour ended. It came from a disciple that had failed to succeed from start till end. His expression turned ashen in an instant. Laughing miserably, he stood up, paid his respects to Elder Xu and left dispiritedly.

Everyone turned silent. Slowly, continuous rumbles echoed, and one by one, disciples silently got up and left the arena. In the end, the ones left in the arena were only the six people who were still refining at their pill furnaces.

Not long after, another thunderous rumble rang from the pill furnace of those six. Only one pill furnace had the medicinal aroma and it belonged to Zhao Yiduo.

Zhao Yiduo firmly clenched his fist while breathing unevenly. Both his eyes were red as his heart was filled with excitement. He had finally completed the requirement of the assessment. He had succeeded twice and qualified!

Some participants were joyous and some were in despair. Among the five that failed, two disciples that hadn’t succeeded yet laughed miserably. Sighing softly, they also stood up and left the arena.

Chen Zi'ang felt as if his whole being was on fire. He stared squarely at Zhao Yiduo, breathing rapidly with a feeling of bitterness in his heart. Retrieving his gaze, his eyes already red when he looked at the last set of herbs in front of him.

Du Lingfei furrowed her brow, closing her eyes to think. The pressure on Han Jianye was the least, however, he was not content to succeed in refining the medicine only three times. He wanted to break into the realm of geniuses.

“The last batch!” Everyone sucked in their breath, looking at the scene in the arena. Only five people were able to remain in the arena. Han Jianye, Du Lingfei, Zhao Yiduo, Chen Zi'ang and…… Bai Xiaochun.

The former three had already qualified. Chen Zi'ang had only one chance left. As for Bai Xiaochun…… Everyone glanced at him once and forgot about him once again. They even started to suspect Bai Xiaochun’s appearance here. He had used nine hours to examine the medicinal recipe and herbs themselves, even though the end result was yet to be seen. Could it be possible that he came just to see what the fuss was all about?

With unprecedented seriousness, Du Lingfei and her company of three started refining their tenth batch of medicine. Under everyone’s attention, the tenth hour slowly passed.

“Hong!” Black smoke rose from the pill furnace in front of Zhao Yiduo. He sighed. Even though he failed, it did not matter as he had already passed.

In the instant that Zhao Yiduo failed, a medicinal aroma rose from the pill furnace in front of Chen Zi'ang. But it was not only from his direction. The medicinal aroma also drifted from Du Lingfei’s pill furnace and even Han Jianye’s pill furnace!

The medicinal aroma quickly spread around. The expressions of those three revealed immense joy. All of them had succeeded!

“I succeeded! The fourth piece of Black Incense! I am first!!” Han Jianye stood up abruptly. His laughter contained his excitement which echoed in the surroundings. Du Lingfei also sighed. Although she did not achieve the status of a genius, succeeding three times was already impressive.

Chen Zi'ang felt as he had come to life, laughing heartily.

At this moment, after suppressing themselves for an hour, everyone broke out with cheers.

“The assessment this time was too difficult. With this level of difficulty, that Han Jianye still succeeded four times. He is indeed worthy of being titled a genius!”

“Du Lingfei thrice, Chen Zi'ang and Zhao Yiduo both twice…… They both fulfilled the conditions for the promotion. If not for the increase in the level of difficulty this time, I reckon that these three would have also achieved four successful refinements.”

Some people were talking to each other, while those who called themselves friends of Du Lingfei and company cheered for them from the sidelines. Elder Xu nodded, especially when he looked towards Han Jianye, his eyes shone with approval. But just when he was about to announce the results, suddenly, Bai Xiaochun moved.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3/4 guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44 - It’s Dawn Already
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 44 - It’s Dawn Already

Bai Xiaochun had finally finished inspecting the last type of herb and had solved the final and hardest question, paying no heed to the cheers around him. He was utterly immersed, having lost himself in inspecting the medicinal recipe and the herbs from the very moment he picked up the jade piece.

Other than the thunderous rumbles, none of the surrounding disruptions had managed to break his concentration. He paid no attention to those who finished their refinement either, ignoring everyone around him.

His focus had attracted the attention of the surrounding people, Xu Baocai included. All of them looked at him oddly, sensing a different air about him, as if his perception of time was different compared to everyone else.

“This Bai Xiaochun is way too slow. He has just been staring while the others have already finished - I think that concludes the test?”

“Hmm? I don’t recall hearing there’s a time limit for the exam takers…” Everyone blinked, searching for the one who had spoken that last sentence amidst the crowd’s discussions. It was Elder Xu.

And he was right. The promotional examinations did not have a time limit. And so, he stood there, observing Bai Xiaochun.

Han Jianye felt no pressure as he smiled coldly, his eyes darting from one test taker to the next. He had seen Bai Xiaochun as a strong opponent, but currently, he found it difficult to think that Bai Xiaochun could surpass him.

Du Lingfei frowned, she found Bai Xiaochun extremely irritating no matter how she looked at him.

Bai Xiaochun worked fast, his eyes shining, leaving the whole world in the background, the only thing left was him and the furnace in front of him. The shifting stalks of herbs in his hands turned into either liquid or powder, all of them falling into the furnace. He pointed at the furnace with a finger from his right hand, and it lit up.

An hour passed by and a thick aroma of medicinal fragrance spread from the furnace. Bai Xiaochun grabbed with his right hand as a four inch Black Incense stick appeared. Bai Xiaochun frowned as he stared at the incense stick in his hand.

At this moment, the surrounding people focused their attention on him, Elder Xu included, his eyes with a hint of anticipation. But just when everyone was expecting him to start the second batch, they realized that the incense stick in his hand was under Bai Xiaochun’s inspection.

“What the hell is he doing?”

“Why would he continue to inspect a successful incense stick? He should be on the second batch after that!” everyone was shocked.

Bai Xiaochun, at this moment, stared at the incense stick in his hand with great dissatisfaction. It was successful, yes, but in his estimation, it should have been seven inches.

“What went wrong?” Bai Xiaochun mumbled as he tried to figure it out. Three hours passed.

Just when everyone had just about enough, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened. He took out the herbs and started refining again, attracting the attention of the crowd once more.

An hour later, an even stronger fragrance spread from the furnace as a five inch Black Incense stick came out.

Du Lingfei, Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo were surprised. Han Jianye’s eyes flashed, but kept his appearance calm as he panicked inside.

They weren’t surprised because Bai Xiaochun succeeded twice - they were surprised because it was two successful refinements in a row!

Suddenly, the third batch shook as an even thicker fragrance spread out. In the furnace, a six inch incense stick appeared.

“Three in a row, how is this… How is this possible?”

“How is he doing it... this Bai Xiaochun? Was it possible that he has refined the Black Incense stick before?” The crowd was shocked - it was just unbelievable.

Du Lingfei was breathing hard, staring at Bai Xiaochun with a death glare, waves of rage churning inside her. The others simply stood there, stunned.

“Three in a row… He must be very familiar with the Black Incense sticks and lucky as well… There is no doubt, the next one will not succeed.” Han Jianye clenched his fist tightly, his eyes bloodshot.

Just as everyone was waiting for Bai Xiaochun to get on with the fourth batch, he started staring at the six inch incense stick in his hand, his brows furrowed. He placed his hand under his chin and started thinking.

And five more hours passed.

If he had taken five hours to think at the first attempt, no one would have stayed to wait for him. But Bai Xiaochun was now a man who had three successful attempts in a row. If the fourth one were to succeed as well, he’d be a man surpassing the others, one at the same level as Han Jianye. The curiosity burning within the crowd made them stay.

“Bai Xiaochun is way too slow. It’s just Grade One medicine, does he really need to think that long?!”

Du Lingfei and Han Jianye in particular stared at Bai Xiaochun with more alertness than the others, and were very reluctant to leave.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly lit up once more, beginning the fourth batch under everyone’s stares.

An hour later, the resounding roar from the furnace was not one of failure, but one caused by the billowing aroma. In the blink of an eye, a fragrance even thicker and stronger than the preceding ones spread around the arena as a seven-inch-long Black Incense stick appeared.

The fourth batch was yet another success.

The crowd burst into an uproar.

“Four in a row!”

“Such an event… How could it be? How many times can Bai Xiaochun succeed in a row?!”

“Twice is a passing grade, but four times… I remember Zhou Xinqi at the promotional exam last time, her record was seven!”

Du Lingfei was displeased. She knew that Bai Xiaochun was better than her, but to see such a great difference exhibited right in front of her… She did not like it.

As for Han Jianye, he was already gnashing his teeth and clenching his fist even more, his entire body trembling. He could barely believe the scene right in front of him.

“Four times, that has to be the limit. No way can he keep that up!”

As the anticipation and excitement was at its peak, the crowd soon realized that Bai Xiaochun was staring at the incense stick and thinking again.

“This fellow, he’s inspecting it again!” The crowd could only feel helpless as they continued to watch Bai Xiaochun. There was no way they’d leave now. They could only wish that Bai Xiaochun would stop scrutinising for so long.

Time flew by and eight more hours had passed. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, his eyes showed exhaustion. The spectators were unaware, but he knew perfectly well that he had almost failed the fourth refinement.

As for the discussions the people were having around him, he chose to continue ignoring them. When it came to refining, his determination was inconceivable. Regardless of what people said about him, he couldn’t have easily succeeded without a firm view of his success.

After a while, he finally began the fifth batch, to the relief of the spectators straining their eyes to observe him.

Soon after, an explosion echoed out as a thick aroma billowed out, waking the crowd up.

It was a success once again.

Han Jianye just stood there, speechless. He felt deep bitterness, but no words could come out from his mouth.

Without having everyone wait this time, Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeve and proceeded to refine the sixth batch.

Not long after, another explosion echoed out and an even denser aroma wafted out, signaling that the sixth batch was a success.

His eyes shining, his hands continuously in motion, Bai Xiaochun picked up another set of herbs and started refining the seventh batch. An unusual burnt smell was released, shocking Bai Xiaochun. It was subtle, and only he was able to smell it.

He pinched with his right hand’s fingers, lowering the temperature to correct it. The seventh batch - success!

The incense stick that was produced, however, was only three inches long, and was full of impurities, almost falling into the low quality category. Even so, it was still a success!

At this moment, everyone was wide awake and breathing heavily. Xu Baocai, especially, was even more shocked, his eyes full of disbelief.

“Seven in a row! Heavens… This Bai Xiaochun... he succeeded seven times in a row!”

“The same as Zhou Xinqi! According to a legend, one guy from the Jade King Mountain succeeded eight times in a row, but he was already the best of the best, the absolute top of his generation!”

“As for nine times… Is that even possible? None have managed!”

The crowd was in an uproar. Bai Xiaochun, on the other hand, thought silently, his eyes fixed on the furnace. He had already forgotten about the examination, all that was in his mind was the batch in front of him. He had almost failed, and after careful and lengthy thinking, he took out the herbs and inspected them once again, finally locating the reason.

“It’s these spirit roots, this Black Spirit Fruit… All the basic black components have a slight difference in the roots.” Bai Xiaochun stared at the Black Spirit Fruit in his hand, thoroughly analyzing the fruit as he tried to create possible solutions.

Time passed by bit by bit, the people around him were fascinated with his absorbed thought and research, while smiling bitterly. They were excited, but Bai Xiaochun’s thought process were too long for them.

Unwilling to just leave after all that, the disciples crossed their legs and sat down, waiting for Bai Xiaochun. Some, who were at their limits, even took a nap on some nearby boulders.

Elder Xu had an odd expression on his face. He coughed dryly and took a seat on the ground as well, his legs crossed.

Du Lingfei and Han Jianye refused to leave as well. Naturally, they were also tired, but they were forced to sit along with the others.

It was quiet. Some snores could be heard coming from the surrounding spectators. As for those who weren’t snoring, they were still staring at Bai Xiaochun. Xu Baocai was one of them.

Several hours later, some of the nappers woke up to see Bai Xiaochun still thinking.

“He’s still inspecting it?”

“It’s dawn already…”

At long last, ten hours later, Bai Xiaochun’s bloodshot eyes opened as he lifted his head.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4/4 guaranteed chapter of the week.

To our continuously growing reader base, expect another chapter soon! And perhaps even more in the weekend. Again, thank you so much for the support!

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45 - Ain’t That Hard To F*ck You Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 45 - Ain’t That Hard To F*ck You Up

With his eyes bloodshot, only refinement existed in Bai Xiaochun’s mind. He paid no heed neither to the promotional examination’s results, nor to how many times he had succeeded. At that moment, the only thing that mattered to him was how to ensure success for the next batch.

Unless he was absolutely certain, the furnace would never start.

After all, he had that meticulous personality, and its extremity was reflected in his refinements.

But at this moment, he felt that it was to no avail. Unless he condensed the black components from the Black Spirit Fruit, the problem wouldn’t be resolved. If he did that, it would be a small adjustment, and it wouldn’t be considered as changing the recipe. Having considered it for a moment, he settled on it.

“Looks like those small adjustments are the only way to go. I can’t follow the recipe completely.” said Bai Xiaochun as he squeezed the fruit in his hand.

Under the pressure, the fruit was crushed as many droplets of its juice dropped down. They didn’t land in the furnace, but remained suspended in mid-air. Bai Xiaochun was controlling the concentration of the liquid, condensing the droplets together.

This did not impress the audience, nor did it impress Bai Xiaochun. He used this method because of a personal preference for the stability it provided, that was all.

Elder Xu, however, did not view it the same way, in fact, his eyes were burning with shock. Compared to the seven successes in a row which had managed to only surprise the elder, this shock was much stronger.

“This kid, he’s trying to adjust the recipe! It’s no wonder I was asked to keep an eye on him!” Elder Xu thought.

A moment after, Bai Xiaochun swung his fist hard, removing the excess black components, leaving only a small amount which was the size of a fingernail. Only after he threw it in the furnace did he finally take out the rest of the herb set. The eighth batch was then in progress.

The furnace was turning visibly red, and before an hour had passed, the furnace once again shook from the medicinal aroma exploding out. It was, once again, a success.

Elder Xu immediately focused his attention on the furnace. In the furnace, an incense stick ten inches long lay, it had a faint purple hue that could easily be distinguished from its black colour!

“It has almost reached the medium quality!” Elder Xu was astonished.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone, he finally understood why the medicine he had refined before were all low quality.

“Recipes aren’t set in stone… they have to be adjusted according to the person making the refinements, that’s how you reach above medium quality!” Bai Xiaochun felt enlightened, his body filling up with excitement. He then began the ninth batch before the crowd even had time to burst into an uproar.

No one spoke; they were all in shock. Bai Xiaochun had succeeded eight times in a row, it was too much to take in.

Not only had Bai Xiaochun surpassed Zhou Xinqi, he had reached the level of the legendary disciple from the Jade King Mountain!

Bai Xiaochun’s speed had increased. This time, it only took half an hour; this refinement only consumed the time it took for an incense stick to burn. Rumbles followed, and the ninth batch… was successful as well!

“Never before-!”

“Never before has anyone done that! And the fact that these are Black Incense sticks… Bai Xiaochun did use an incredible amount of time for scrutiny and thinking, but his success rate broke all records!”

Xu Baocai could only blink as he stared at Bai Xiaochun. As for Du Lingfei, she was suffering a headache.

Han Jianye, on the other hand, was actually relieved. He was bitter about the whole thing, but Bai Xiaochun was simply on a another level. There was no point for him to compete with him. It was his loss.

“The last one… Will Senior Brother Bai create history? Will he create a… miracle?”

“It’s worth it! It doesn’t matter how many days we wait for him! It’s all worth it now!”

They were all on Bai Xiaochun’s side now, excitement filling them as they waited for Bai Xiaochun to create history. Even Elder Xu stared at Bai Xiaochun, not daring to turn away, the shock he felt was far stronger than the rest of the audience.

Soon after, Bai Xiaochun started working again, his face filled with seriousness. He sorted out the components and ingredients, placing them into the furnace accordingly.

Time flowed by, the spectators were so silent that their heartbeats could be heard. One incense stick burned up, half an hour had passed.

As an explosion resounded, the furnace shook. No smoke of failure spread out, nor was an aroma exuded. At this moment, the tension was high.

“Did he fail?” Xu Baocai asked hoarsely.

Staring at the furnace, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened up. He had some idea what would happen next.

Light shone from the furnace, gradually seeping through the cracks. Elder Xu walked toward the furnace where the audience had their eyes fixated. Within the furnace, there was an incense stick that was completely purple and one inch long. The elder’s lips widened as he smiled.

“Medium quality!”

Elder Xu laughed, and flung his sleeve to the side.

“This examination has concluded! Bai Xiaochun, Han Jianye, Du Lingfei, Chen Zi’ang, and Zhao Yiduo, you five have passed the promotional exam. Bai Xiaochun… first place... and five thousand contribution points!”

The crowd roared, their cheers shook the ground.

“Ten in a row! Ten in a row!”

“That last refinement actually produced medium quality… Medium quality! And he’s just a Medicine Apprentice! Unbelievable!”

Everyone still found it hard to believe and all of them were still in shock.

Bai Xiaochun felt helpless. He didn’t have the chance to look at his medium quality work before Elder Xu took it away. He wanted it for himself, but it didn’t seem likely that something like that would happen.

Taking in a deep breath, he walked out of the plaza, exhausted. The people looked at him with respect and admiration. They knew that ten in a row would never be a coincidence, and it wasn’t something an ordinary person could achieve.

“Congratulations to Senior Brother Bai for making history!”

“Senior Brother Bai, you have my admiration!”

“Senior Brother Bai, there’s something I want to learn about herbs, can you help a lady out…”

Bai Xiaochun blinked. He was so focused on his refinement that he hadn’t noticed what happened around him. It took him a moment to realise that he did something phenomenal, and the excitement and passion of the crowd touched him. He turned to the crowd and raised his fists.

He felt warm and happy. He never got to do anything big in front of ten thousand people like he wanted when revealing himself as the Little Turtle, but it had finally happened; it had now finally happened.

As for the Junior Sisters who requested help with their studies, he nodded without hesitation. He did not forget to remind the other Senior Brothers that his name was Bai Xiaochun, worried that they might forget who he was.

Just as he was enjoying himself, he noticed a youth staring at him with a death glare. With a glance, he knew that it was one of Zhou Xinqi’s admirers, so he hurriedly left because of the killing intent that youth displayed.

Bai Xiaochun’s head was spinning when he reached his wooden house. The days he spent on refining medicine took a great toll on his body, and he fell asleep right after collapsing on his bed.

His slumber lasted two whole days.

On the third afternoon, Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes, the exhaustion and throbbing in his head swept away. He recalled his medium quality work and sighed. Elder Xu had taken it away. However, he still felt better when he checked the five thousand contribution points in his pocket.

With these contribution points, Bai Xiaochun readied himself to continue his cultivation and refinements. He went to the sect and exchanged the points for eight recipes. Choosing one that replenished Qi, he also brought home a great amount of herbs.

The trip was fast, but it was unpleasant. He felt changing expressions as people looked at him, one of them being an admirer of Zhou Xinqi, who smiled icily, taking out a jade piece as if to inform other admirers.

Panicked, Bai Xiaochun had went straight to the Refinement Pavilion instead of the courtyard after obtaining the herbs. With his remaining contribution points, he rented a room for a year’s worth of time and rushed in.

“I was too careless this time… Just you wait, when I return, my impenetrable skin will be way stronger. Any of you who dare to challenge me will get beaten to a pulp, and if you bring ten, well, I… I’ll go to an elder for help!” Bai Xiaochun ranted, and began refining, without leaving the room.

He knew perfectly well that during the two days he had spent asleep, the news about his success would spread to all corners of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

Actually, people inside the sect had already started suspecting him of being the Little Turtle!

It would be way too coincidental otherwise - the herbs used were all the culmination of what was available to them. Not to mention Bai Xiaochun’s final medium quality product and that he had even succeeded ten times in a row during the examination.

Zhou Xinqi’s admirers became even more active, even Du Lingfei’s admirers joined in. They, however, did not expect Bai Xiaochun to be so cautious that he went to the pavilion instead of returning to his cabin. They were unhappy when they learned that Bai Xiaochun had the room rented for an entire year.

They couldn’t just charge in the Refinement Pavilion, after all. Bai Xiaochun was also a disciple, they couldn’t really do anything to him either. If they did beat him up, however, the sect wouldn’t make a fuss - should that happen, it would just mean that Bai Xiaochun was weaker than them.

With no other methods available, they could only go home grudgingly. The only one left was a freckled youth who stared at the pavilion with a cold glare.

“Don’t think I can’t do anything to you just because you’re hiding in the pavilion. You beat up my cousin Chen Fei, you bullied my dear Junior Sister Zhou… Even Junior Sister Hou, you took the girl I was interested in away from me! You have some talent, Bai Xiaochun, but it ain’t that hard for me to f*ck you up!” The youth laughed coldly. He was the inner sect disciple, Qian Dajin!

Bai Xiaochun was without a worry in his room, refining medicine every day. Sometimes he’d cultivate. He improved as the days passed.

His skin grew harder, and his speed increased.

“Two more days and my impenetrable iron skin will be utterly complete!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, feeling pleased.

But on dusk that day, a ray of light shone from the Mission Exchange Pavilion, aiming straight for the pavilion, bypassing the security measures. It appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s room.

After a closer look, Bai Xiaochun was stunned. It was a token!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here’s a bonus chapter for our dear readers. Enjoy!

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46 - The Law Enforcement Agency’s Mission!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 46 - The Law Enforcement Agency’s Mission!

(ED note: from this point onwards, “identity plate” will be replaced by “identity token”)

The token of authority was painted pitch black, except for the word ‘LAW’ in the center which was exuding a faint chill.

While Bai Xiaochun was frozen in shock, a cold voice suddenly sounded from within the token, echoing throughout the room.

“Outer sect disciple Bai Xiaochun, according to the investigations of the Law Enforcement Agency, you have entered the sect years ago, but have only managed to complete a single Spirit Plant cultivation mission. You have breached the Sect rules and as such, you are to be conscripted in the outfield mission three days later, no delays will be entertained!”

The cold voice emitted an icy-cold aura, telling Bai Xiaochun that if he dared to object, only the merciless punishment of the Law Enforcement Agency would await him!

“Law Enforcement Agency!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened in shock, his heart felt as if it stopped for a moment. The token of authority transformed into a black streak and disappeared without a trace.

Silence fell as Bai Xiaochun’s expression changed. Taking out his own identity token, he realised that a mission he had to complete had appeared against his will.

He had indeed neglected the sect’s requirement of completing at least one mission each year, however, no matter how much Bai Xiaochun thought about it, the sudden appearance of the Law Enforcement Agency’s token of authority made him feel that the entire matter was a bit fishy.

(ED note: I’m just as baffled as you are. chapter 16: “Every half a year outer sect disciples were required to complete at least one mission. Bai Xiaochun would never forget this law.” )

Pondering for a moment, Bai Xiaochun walked out the room, left the Medicine Refining Pavilion, and headed straight for the mountain peak.

“There’s something not right about this matter, and why do I keep feeling a chill on my back…...I have been on this mountain for so many years and I have never been invited to meet the ancestor. This time, I have to find him and ask him clearly about this matter.” Along the way, Bai Xiaochun’s heart was heavy with worries. However, after he reached the mountain peak and asked Li Qinghou’s assistant, he discovered the Li Qinghou had left months ago and hadn’t come back yet.

Bai Xiaochun could only bitterly lament in his heart. With an uneasy feeling, he turned around and left. Bai Xiaochun did not immediately go back to the Medicine Refining Pavilion, instead, he went to look for Xu Baocai. After all, the other party was akin to a walking encyclopedia, and Bai Xiaochun was hoping to dig out some clues from him.

As an outer sect disciple of the Scented Cloud Mountain, Xu Baocai stayed in a courtyard on the other side of the mountain. As the sun was about to set and as the sky gradually darkened, Bai Xiaochun sprinted towards Xu Baocai’s courtyard; barely meeting anybody else on the way, he reached his destination in no time.

Xu Baocai’s courtyard was not isolated and quiet like Bai Xiaochun’s, instead, it was squeezed together with seven-eight other courtyards. As night fell, one could see the faint candlelight shining from within these courtyards.

Bai Xiaochun hung his head low and dashed into the house without knocking on the door. He immediately saw Xu Baocai hunched over, writing something in a notebook.

“Xu Baocai.” Bai Xiaochun said softly. The moment the words left his mouth, Xu Baocai jumped up in shock as he sharply lifted his head up. Only when Xu Baocai saw that it was Bai Xiaochun did he regain his composure.

“Senior brother Bai.” Xu Baocai greeted in surprise as he quickly stood up and invited Bai Xiaochun into the room.

“Wasn’t Senior brother Bai in closed door training in the Medicine Refining Pavilion, what brings you here?” Xu Baocai curiously asked.

“Xu Baocai, how much do you know about the Law Enforcement Agency?” Bai Xiaochun immediately asked.

“The Law Enforcement Agency? It is split into the North and the South Department where they have the authority to supervise all outer sect disciples and handymen within their designated area. However, they would usually not show their faces unless someone has committed a grievous crime.” Looking at Bai Xiaochun’s gloomy expression, Xu Baocai immediately felt that something was wrong and quickly answered the question.

“But once they appear, with their overwhelming authority, to forcefully make some arrangements is easy, towards those who betrayed the sect, they could even directly kill them. To put it simply, the Law Enforcement Agency is like a knife - a knife that hangs above the heads of the outer sect disciples, making every single one of them fearful of breaking the sect rules.”

“And if one commits an offence and is targeted by the Law Enforcement Agency, even if one doesn’t die, they would probably still lose a layer of their skin……”

“However, even though the Law Enforcement Agency possesses a considerable amount of authority, they are also bound by numerous restrictions. As long as one does not break any sect rules, then there is no need to pay attention to the Law Enforcement Agency.” Xu Baocai explained in detail, giving Bai Xiaochun every single piece of information he knew about the Law Enforcement Agency.

As he continued explaining further, Xu Baocai even told Bai Xiaochun about the disciples who were being targeted by the Law Enforcement Agency before and their miserable endings.

“500 years ago, our Spirit River Sect had a defector who betrayed the sect. He was chased by the Law Enforcement Agency for seven days until he was finally killed, his body and soul destroyed!”

“300 years ago, an outer sect disciple committed a serious offence but the Law Enforcement Agency gave him another chance. However, he neither turned over a new leaf nor paid heed to any advice. In the end, the Law Enforcement Agency reported him to the Sect and punished him at the Black Wind Pass. Merciless winds tore through his body from day to night, and till this day. he is still carrying out his punishment.”

“100 years ago, Zhou Shandao started a rebellion. The Law Enforcement Agency gave him a warning but he did not listen. They then went into action, killing Zhou Shandao and all the others except for the ordinary civilians, causing shockwaves to be sent throughout the Spirit River Sect.”

The more Bai Xiaochun listened, the uglier his expression became; his heart furiously pounded.

“So what you are saying is, the way the Law Enforcement Agency works is to first give a warning, and if the person does not repent, then a heavier punishment will be carried out?”

“Yup, this is one of the restrictions of the Law Enforcement Agency. Otherwise, wouldn’t their authority be limitless.” Xu Baocai took a glance at Bai Xiaochun as he vaguely guessed in his heart that the other party must have been targeted by the Law Enforcement Agency. However, such matters were too sensitive, sharing this information was still acceptable, but to play it safe, Xu Baocai didn’t dare to involve himself any further.

Up until the end, when Bai Xiaochun was about to leave, Xu Baocai was in hesitation. Recalling Bai Xiaochun’s talent in the herbs and plants, he softly spoke to Bai Xiaochun.

“Senior brother Bai, do you know about the Green Peak Mountain’s Inner Sect disciple…...Qian Dajin? He is Chen Fei’s elder cousin and is also one of the members of the Law Enforcement Agency.”

After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Bai Xiaochun had already left and was on his way back. Looking at the moon shining brightly in the sky, Bai Xiaochun thought back about Xu Baocai’s words. Combing these words and his previous understanding, he came up with a definite conclusion and let out a long sigh.

“In this sect, I have never really offended anyone, if I must pick, only Chen Fei comes to mind, and those Zhou Xinqi admirers could be counted as well…...Qian Dajin, Qian Dajin!” Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth as he returned to the Medicine Refining Pavilion. Sitting cross-legged in the room and looking at the pill furnace in front of him, his facial muscles twitched for a moment.

“It is more or less clear now; the fact that I did not complete a mission every year is just a red herring. In reality, if no one really investigated, it would not even be such a big matter, after all, it couldn’t possibly be that I am the only one who hasn’t completed any missions for over a year. As a member of the Law Enforcement Agency, that Qian Dajin is simply using authority to settle his personal grudges!” Bai Xiaochun pondered in silence with bloodshot eyes.

“If I were to carry out the mission, this person will definitely take action along the way, otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone to such great lengths. Though this might be the case, his plan still has to be carried out secretly, he wouldn’t dare to let the sect find out about this. All in all, he is still in a passive position.”

“But if I ignore this warning, then I would be truly falling into his trap; he would no longer be passive, but instead, he could take the initiative to punish me under the guise of a Law Enforcement Agency member!”

After thinking about it for a long time, one way held no answer while the other held no promise. Bai Xiaochun decided to take out his identity token and carefully study the details of the mission. In no time at all, he quickly spotted a familiar name.

“Hou Yunfei?” Bai Xiaochun was stunned for a moment. He immediately recalled that when he was first promoted to an outer sect disciple, it was Hou Yunfei that introduced him to the sect in details. After looking through the details of the mission, Bai Xiaochun closed his eyes and fell in deep thought.

The mission was not difficult; Hou Yunfei had accepted a mission and went out to complete it a few years ago. Every month, he would send a report back to the sect without fail. This was a requirement for any disciple that had accepted a long-term mission.

However, two months ago, the sect lost all contact with Hou Yunfei and no longer received any reports.

Hence, this gave birth to the mission this time around - to have three outer sect disciples go out and investigate the matter, there weren’t any certain requirements to find all clues either.

This type of missions were common in the sect. Normally, one only had to search a little, investigate a bit, find some clues, report back to the sect and the sect would handle it from there on.

After all, the disappearance of an outer sect disciple was not a matter of great importance for the sect. But a disciple was still a disciple, no matter what. As such, when it comes to missing people, a proper investigation still had to be carried out.

This was gist of the mission.

Bai Xiaochun weighed the pros and cons as he pondered in silence. A moment later, he clenched his teeth.

“This mission, I’m going!” Bai Xiaochun breathed raggedly. With his eyes bloodshot, he immediately continued the refinement; he had to advance his mastery of the Impenetrable Iron Skin before leaving for the mission.

Two days later, a cracking sound resounded from within Bai Xiaochun’s body, making each and every inch of skin in his body to tremble. In that instant, the colour of his skin turned pitch black before it quickly recovered back to normal. However, if one were to look closely, one could vaguely see strands of red streaking across the surface of his skin.

“Black for Iron and red for Bronze!”

Bai Xiaochun pressed on his skin and a metallic sound immediately resounded. Standing up, his figure blurred - his speed had significantly increased too!

To test his strength he leaped into the air; his thumb and his index finger gave a vicious pinch as he executed the Throat Crushing Grasp. Unlike before, it didn’t produce a cackling sound anymore, instead, a muffled roar echoed. Though it wasn’t loud, Bai Xiaochun could still feel that the strength of his Throat Crushing Grasp was now more than twice as strong compared to before.

“Impenetrable Iron Skin, advanced mastery!” Bai Xiaochun exclaimed as he felt more confident with regards to the mission.

“It’s a pity that I can only refine Grade One medicine which are only suitable for the fifth level Qi Condensation and below. Even if I use spirit refining, the effects after consumption would still not be very good.” Bai Xiaochun lamented as he stood upright in his room. He could only feel pity since time was running out and he still couldn’t refine the Grade Two medicine suitable for the eight level Qi Condensation and below.

Hence, in terms of his cultivation, his progress wasn’t huge, and he had only reached the peak of the sixth level of Qi Condensation.

“Tomorrow, when dawn breaks, I will have to leave…..” Bai Xiaochun’s heart was filled with anxiety. Ever since he had entered the Spirit River Sect, this was truly his first official trip out of the sect and deep inside, he still felt insecure. Thus, he immediately took the shield he had gotten from Chen Fei out of his pocket and used spirit refinement on it three times. Still feeling that it was insufficient, he took the leather armours he wore during the small competition and used spirit refinement on it as well.

After thinking for some time, he spent the night looking for Zhang Fatso One and borrowed his big black pot that was rumoured to have an Earth-Fire Array. Even though he still felt anxious, Bai Xiaochun could no longer come up with any more ideas. In the end, Bai Xiaochun did not go back to the Medicine Refining Pavilion, and instead, he went to his courtyard, awaiting dawn with a gloomy expression.

“Qian Dajin, just wait until I reach Foundation Establishment, I will definitely teach you a good lesson!” The more Bai Xiaochun thought about it, the more nervous he became, his eyes gradually turning bloodshot. He was afraid of death - he was no longer the innocent child that had just stepped through the sect doors, and through his time here, he had gained a certain understanding about the world of cultivation.

A night of ridiculous thoughts and unnecessary worries passed…...gradually, the sky brightened and dawn arrived

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here’s yet another bonus chapter for all the readers of ATTE! Expect ‘more’ tomorrow and also some announcement regarding ATTE! Also, adding ATTE in your novel updates’ reading list + some nice ratings would really help a lot. Again, thank you so much for your support!

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47 - Bai Xiaochun leaves the Sect
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 47 - Bai Xiaochun leaves the Sect

When the first ray of dawn fell on earth, Bai Xiaochun felt his identity token vibrate. He let out a long sigh as he turned around and glanced at the cabin where he had lived for the past two years.

“I must be careful during this journey and not lose this small life of mine……” Bai Xiaochun had a troubled look on his face as he put seven-eight layers of leather clothing as well as Zhang Fatso One’s big black pot on his back. Physically, he was small and skinny, so this attire of his made him look like a ball.

Bai Xiaochun left the Scented Cloud Mountain with a heavy heart, heading toward the South Bank’s gate. Along the way, many disciples saw Bai Xiaochun and were stunned by his attire.

Bai Xiaochun had a depressed look on his face. If he met acquaintances, he would wave his hand, bidding them farewell. As he slowly approached the South Bank’s gate from the side, he discovered two people already waiting there. One of them was a youngster who was meditating with his legs crossed, whereas the other was a girl. Seeing her figure from behind, Bai Xiaochun felt that she looked familiar. This lady was currently impatiently pacing back and forth near the gate.

“Du Lingfei?” Bai Xiaochun was stunned.

Du Lingfei also saw Bai Xiaochun and was stunned for a moment, especially when she noticed Bai Xiaochun’s attire, after which, she could only frown.

“The last person on the mission to investigate Senior Hou’s disappearance is you?”

“It is indeed me. What a coincidence……” Bai Xiaochun dryly coughed and averted his gaze towards the youngster at Du Lingfei’s side, as if it was a random gesture. This youngster was expressionless but there was a certain menacing aura surrounding him. When Bai Xiaochun looked at him, the youngster opened his eyes and glanced at Bai Xiaochun with a vague smile.

Something stirred in Bai Xiaochun’s heart. Before he had arrived, Bai Xiaochun had already analysed how Qian Dajin could act during this mission. One of the easiest way was to find a person from the Sect who was similarly executing this mission and once they had left the Sect, this person would secretly dispose of Bai Xiaochun. This way, it would be known to neither God nor a soul.

In this moment, regardless of whether it was Du Lingfei or this youngster, Bai Xiaochun was equally suspicious. Naturally, he wouldn’t let such thoughts show on his face, he even smiled at that youngster.

“This young one’s name is Bai Xiaochun, and who might this Senior Brother be……”

“Green Peak Mountain’s Feng Yan.” The youngster similarly smiled as he spoke.

“So it is Senior Feng. One look at Senior Feng and I can tell that you are definitely not an ordinary senior. This is my first time executing a mission outside the Sect and I hope Senior Feng will offer guidance along the way.” Bai Xiaochun quickly cupped his fist in greeting with an expression suggesting that he was already aware of the other party’s cultivation which was at the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

“Well said, well said.” There was a hint of scorn that flashed past Feng Yan’s eyes. The only reason why he was participating in this mission was because an inner sect disciple, Qian Dajin, had promised him something extremely tempting. Only then did he agree to kill this Bai Xiaochun during the mission’s execution.

This was a very easy task for the youngster, to the point that he did not even need to personally dispose of Bai Xiaochun. Just by giving Bai Xiaochun a slight shove, he could make it look like Bai Xiaochun had died from an accident.

The only thing that he had to be careful of was to not let Du Lingfei notice. However, it was clear to him that Du Lingfei being involved in this mission was also part of Qian Dajin’s plan.

Du Lingfei frowned. She would have never thought that she would actually meet that hateful fellow in front of her when she was going out to execute a mission. This mission was not forced onto her by others, but one that she herself had taken the initiative to accept. After all, even though this mission was somewhat dangerous, overall, it was still easy and worth a lot of Contribution Points.

She had been stuck at the peak of the fifth level of Qi Cultivation for a very long time and wanted to obtain enough Contribution Points to exchange for another Soaring Cloud Incense and break through to the next level. At the thought of the Soaring Cloud Incense, her animosity toward Bai Xiaochun increased.

“He is as cowardly as a mouse!” Seeing Bai Xiaochun look her way, Du Lingfei loathed him even more from the bottom of her heart, especially since the other party’s getup made him look like a ball from head to toe. He was even carrying a big black pot on his back. No matter how you looked at him, it was an appearance of one who feared death to the extreme.

Du Lingfei scoffed coldly and ignored Bai Xiaochun as she cupped her hands, greeting Feng Yan.

“Senior Feng, everyone is accounted for. Please take out the Wind Rider. The earlier we finish the mission, the faster we will be able to return.”

Feng Yan smiled and used his right hand to pat his storage pouch. A white ray shot against the wind. It then quickly turned into a white boat about two zhang long in mid-air.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards)

Bursts of fluctuating spiritual energy spread out from the top of this boat, forming an imposing pressure.

“Senior Feng, what is this?” After seeing this, Bai Xiaochun sized the boat up with excitement. This was the first time that he had seen such a thing, especially with regards to the fact that this boat was floating in mid-air. With a single look at the boat, Bai Xiaochun could tell that it was meant for transportation, making him feel even more amazed.

Du Lingfei had a look of contempt in her eyes, whereas Feng Yan, who was standing aside, smiled.

“This thing is a Wind Rider. When going out to execute missions, or if going to a faraway place, the Sect would offer this kind of boat for rent. It’s very convenient to operate as it does not consume much Qi when controlling it. Its only downside is that it consumes a lot of Spirit Stones.” As Feng Yan was speaking, he jumped up and landed inside the boat.

Du Lingfei followed closely behind him, and Bai Xiaochun also quickly jumped onto the boat. This boat was not big and there was not much space inside, but it was more than enough to fit three people. Bai Xiaochun sat at the back, and as he touched here and looked there, he found this object even more impressive.

“I should also get myself a boat like this.” Bai Xiaochun said to himself.

“Even if you were to sell yourself, you still wouldn’t be able to afford one!” Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun as if he was a country bumpkin and mocked him.

After hearing this, Bai Xiaochun narrowed his eyes at Du Lingfei, sizing her up, and nodded his head.

“Then if I were to sell you, I reckon that I would be able to afford one.”

“You!” Du Lingfei glared at Bai Xiaochun with her eyes curved upwards at the corners. Under Feng Yan’s control, the Wind Rider turned into a rainbow headed towards the horizon.

The boat was fast enough to produce a whistling sound, however, a curtain of light blocked the fierce wind, so even though the trio could hear the wind outside, it didn’t cause them any discomfort.

From afar, one could see the boat’s rainbow slowly disappear beyond the horizon.

At the same time, on top of the Scented Cloud Mountain and inside the Medicine Master’s Temple, Elder Xu, who had been in charge of the Medicine Apprentice’s promotional examination, was frowning slightly as he held a jade tablet in his hands.

“The Law Enforcement Agency actually bypassed my Scented Cloud Mountain and forced Bai Xiaochun to execute a mission?” Elder Xu closely looked at the jade tablet. After a long while, his eyebrows loosened up. He saw that this mission was easy and even though it was dangerous to a certain degree, it still wouldn’t endanger Bai Xiaochun’s life.

“This boy has made a habit of being lazy. Occasionally punishing him by making him do a small task is fine too.” Elder Xu thought of the task that Li Qinghou had entrusted to him before leaving and remembered what he was told about Bai Xiaochun’s personality. Therefore, he put down the jade tablet, not bothering with it any longer as he continued to refine medicine.

Meanwhile, Qian Dajin was standing outside one of the official caverns in the Green Peak Mountain where the inner sect disciples resided. He was looking at the distantly departing boat with a cold smile on his face.

“With Feng Yan’s cultivation, secretly killing this Bai Xiaochun is as easy as turning one’s hand. Bai Xiaochun…… your herb and plant mastery is impressive, unfortunately, you will not have the chance to grow any further. This time, you will die without a doubt!”

The blue sky extended for tens of thousands of li. On the boat, although Bai Xiaochun was slightly nervous, watching the ground below still gave him a feeling of excitement.

(ED note: ah, the wonder of ancient chinese units. One li is slightly more than ½ of a kilometer, or approximately ⅓ of a mile)

He poked his head out and looked down. He could see mountain peaks as sharp as swords and mountain ranges as long as dragons, especially one…… earth-shaking river.

“The Tongtian River……” Bai Xiaochun inhaled deeply. After he had become an outer sect disciple, he had seen a lot of materials and discovered that, in truth, the whole cultivation world relied on this Tongtian River to cultivate.

This river was the root of all Qi.

Therefore, all sects would be established near the Tongtian River. The higher up the stream, the richer the Qi.

The location of the Spirit River Sect could only considered to be midstream. Even so, it stood tall for tens of thousands of years without falling. In the writings that Bai Xiaochun had read, it was said that the Spirit River Sect from tens of thousands of years ago had not been in its current location but downstream. There had been an outstanding ancestor that had killed countless sects and cultivator clans, obtaining the upper sects’ recognition and only then did they earn the qualifications to open a sect in the midstream.

“It is said that even multiple Spirit River Sects can’t compare to the might of a sect located further up the stream of this Tongtian River. Legend has it that at the source of the Tongtian River……exists an even more terrifying sect.” Bai Xiaochun suppressed the excitement in his heart, he had to be vigilant on this journey.

Not far below was the Tongtian River, a golden coloured river that was continuously rolling and tumbling like a sea. On the other side of the river, there were four towering mountain peaks emitting a pure and imposing dense Qi.

“That must be the North Bank of the Spirit River Sect.” Bai Xiaochun looked into the distance at the four mountain peaks at the North Bank. He even saw the Spirit River Sect’s main peak which crossed over the Tongtian River, forming an enormous bridge!

“Zhong Dao Mountain!” Bai Xiaochun had seen all these locations when he was first brought over by Li Qinghou. The only difference was that he was still an ordinary person at that time, and now he was already an outer sect disciple. Looking at the mountains once again, the feeling that he got from it was completely different.

The boat was quick and it gradually got further away from the sect. It wriggled with the Tongtian River as it flowed downstream, flying in that same direction.

“Junior Du, Junior Bai, I am sure that the both of you have also read the mission’s details. The place we are heading to this time is the Fallen Star Mountain Range located downstream of the Tongtian River. This was the place where Junior Hou delivered his last message. This Fallen Star Mountain Range is as far as the Spirit River Sect’s influence extends to. On the other end of the mountain range is the Blood River Sect’s territory.” Feng Yan lightly spoke. His voice was muffled by the sound of the wind hitting against the boat and was somewhat fuzzy.

“This journey might be dangerous to a certain degree, but having accepted this mission, we should already be mentally prepared. As long as we are cautious, there shouldn’t be any serious problems.”

“Our destination is too far, so as to prevent from consuming too many Spirit Stones, we will be walking most of the time, only if the place is rather difficult to cross, will we use the boat.” Feng Yan finished speaking and a cold glint flashed in the depths of his eyes. He sat down in the front and closed his eyes in meditation.

Du Lingfei was unwilling to pay attention to Bai Xiaochun, so she leaned on the side and also began meditating.

Bai Xiaochun was rather vigilant. Even though he was meditating with his legs crossed, he had never stopped thinking about who it was that Qian Dajin had sent among the two people before his eyes.

“The possibility of it being Du Lingfei is minimal……. As for this Feng Yan, eight or nine out of ten, it would be him!”

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It has been decided that we'll push our limits in the following week and try to release more chapters. As such, expect 10 guaranteed chapters and up to 5 sponsored chapters the following week. Again, thank you so much for your support!

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48 - This world
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 48 - This world

A day later, when the first spirit stone inside the boat was consumed, Feng Yan had the Wind Rider descend. The three of them landed on top of a mountain peak overlooking the stretching forest that gradually grew darker as the last rays of the sunlight disappeared below the horizon.

When they landed, the surroundings turned humid and the chirping of birds as well as monsters’ roars occasionally echoed from within the forest.

“Let’s take a break after crossing this forest, what do you guys think?” Feng Yan lightly spoke as he glanced at Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei.

“The sky is going to get dark soon, and who knows whether there are monsters inside the forest. I think we better fly across using the Wind Rider.” Bai Xiaochun suggested.

“If you want to rest then do it yourself, it’s just a forest.” Du Lingfei snorted, evidently exasperated at how scared Bai Xiaochun was of death. She spun around, then headed into the forest.

A look of scorn flashed deep within Feng Yan’s gaze. Nonetheless, he still faked a smile towards Bai Xiaochun and followed Du Lingfei down the mountain.

Looking at the reactions of the two people, Bai Xiaochun knitted his brows and let out a sigh. Finally, with a vigilant expression, he followed both of them down the mountain and into the forest.

The humidity inside the forest was even higher; they even came across with swamps from time to time. Occasionally, different types of birds would appear in their path, however, being Qi Condensation cultivators, the three of them had agile bodies and had considerable speed. Hence, they easily avoided the animals as they continuously travelled deeper into the forest.

Time passed and in the blink of an eye, the sky had already darkened and the moon hung brightly in the sky. The trio had already traversed half the distance to their destination and hadn’t met any monsters along the way, making the journey extremely smooth. However, when Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun, who wore a fearful expression on his face as if he would jump from fright every time he felt something move, Du Lingfei couldn’t help but feel contempt for him in her heart.

“Watch out!” Bai Xiaochun suddenly exclaimed as he immediately stopped in his tracks and put on a worried expression.

Du Lingfei gave a cold laugh and was just about to make a sarcastic comment.

But right at this moment, gusts of violent wind suddenly filled the surroundings, carrying the putrid smell of blood with them. Du Lingfei’s expression immediately changed as she raised her head to look deeper into the forest, only to discover countless pairs of eyes staring back.

Every single pair of eyes was crimson red, and as soon their gazes met, sounds of fluttering wings immediately burst forth as palm-sized, Twin-Headed Bats flew out in flocks.

“Twin-Headed Bats, their fangs have deadly poison that will clot your throat with blood until you stop breathing!”

“Split up. We will regroup on the mountain peak on the other side of the forest.” Feng Yan cried out in shock as his expression turned serious. He turned to another direction and dashed off with explosive speed.

Du Lingfei’s pupils shrunk in fear. With a wave of her hand, a piece of talisman appeared in front of her body. The talisman slowly burned with a blue glow until it transformed into a light barrier enveloping her entire body. With a similar burst of explosive speed, Du Lingfei darted off in another direction. When she glanced back, she was astonished to find that Bai Xiaochun, who was supposed to be the last in line, had already disappeared without a trace.

Long before the gust of wind had appeared, Bai Xiaochun had already taken the chance to retreat. His personality was one that prefered stability and safety; moreover, his meticulous character made him all the more sensitive to danger when compared to the average person.

When Du Lingfei retreated, the incoming flock of bats released a piercing screech and split into three smaller flocks that each chased after the trio.

Within the forest, Feng Yan sneered and quickly stashed away an incense stick from his hands. The appearance of these bats was due to this incense stick, and his decision to stop on this mountain to cross the forest was also because he had discovered the existence of these Twin-Headed Bats when he had previously come to this forest for a mission.

“Every single one of those bats is no weaker than a cultivator in the third level of Qi Condensation. Bai Xiaochun, don’t blame me, someone just wants you dead.” Feng Yan smirked as he slapped his storage pouch and took out a piece of black wood. Giving it a gentle blow, the black wood immediately started burning and black smoke started to rise from it. Instantly, the flock of bats that was chasing after him let out a piercing screech and flew away, evidently disgusted by the fumes.

Feng Yan chucked as he nonchalantly strolled away and disappeared into the foliage.

In another part of the forest, Bai Xiaochun sprinted quickly as the bats chasing after him whistled through the air. However, no matter how much these bats accelerated, they were still unable to catch up with Bai Xiaochun. In no time, Bai Xiaochun had already widened the distance between him and the bats considerably. Occasionally, the beam of a sword would flash across, causing an unlucky bat to let out a piercing screech before dropping onto the ground.

After the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, Bai Xiaochun gradually slowed his pace and stopped. After turning around to look behind him, a frown appeared on his face.

“The appearance of these bats is a little strange…” Bai Xiaochun fell deep in thought as he traced his steps back. Picking up one of the bats he had killed with his flying sword, he studied it closely, and his eyes suddenly brightened.

“This is not a Twin-Headed Bat, this is a Purple-Veined Bat. Although it also has poison, its fangs are the main ingredient for refining the Grade Two medicine, Boiling Blood Incense Stick!”

“This ingredient can be exchanged for 50 contribution points back at the sect.” Bai Xiaochun immediately exclaimed in surprise. This knowledge was part of the 5th chapter of the Spirit Beasts jade tablet, hence, not many people distinguished it.

Fired up by this discovery, Bai Xiaochun immediately started gathering the corpses of the bats and found more than ten of them in no time. After plucking out their fangs, his heart trembled with joy.

“These bats don’t seem to be very strong……” Bai Xiaochun let out a soft chuckle as a protective light barrier flashed over his body. Afterwards, he began his search in the forest. In no time, a flock of Purple-Veined Bats spotted him and came screeching toward him.

Bai Xiaochun gestured with his fingers as the speed of the flying sword surged and streaked toward the bats. Its speed was so fast that before the bats could even come close, mournful cries had already filled the air. The sword quickly pierced the flock of bats, causing them to drop one after another. A few bats managed to come close to Bai Xiaochun, however, the moment they collided with the protective light barrier covering Bai Xiaochun, they were immediately bounced back.

Bai Xiaochun stepped forward and collected the loot. After making sure there was no more danger, he heaved a sigh of relief. With a puff of his chest, he confidently started his search again.

Just like that, he roamed the forest alone, constantly searching for the bats as he gradually collected more and more fangs……

Four hours later, Feng Yan left the forest and reached the rendezvous point at the mountain peak. Sitting cross-legged with a hint of a smile on his face, Feng Yan patiently waited.

After another two hours had passed, Du Lingfei dashed out of the forest with a disheveled look. She looked back at the pitch black forest with lingering fear and immediately hastened her pace. Upon reaching the peak, she saw Feng Yan, but when she swept her glance around, she did not find Bai Xiaochun.

“Bai Xiaochun is still not here?” She asked.

“I can only wish him luck. A pity the Twin-Headed Bats are most active during the night, if we were to go back into the forest, I fear we will be unable to save even ourselves.” Feng Yan let out a gentle sigh as he shook his head with a bitter smile. To make it more realistic, he did not rest but put on a worried expression as he fixed his anxious gaze on the forest.

Du Lingfei fell into silence. Even though she disliked Bai Xiaochun, she did not hate him enough to wish he was dead. After all, they were still from the same sect. Sitting cross-legged on the mountain peak, she gazed down on the forest. After a long while, she let out a soft sigh.

Time passed and the sky gradually brightened.

Having waited throughout the night, Bai Xiaochun still had not appeared and Du Lingfei more or less had a certain premonition deep in her heart.

“To have not arrived by this time, I’m afraid the odds that Bai Xiaochun is alive…..are slim.”

“It’s all my fault, if I had not suggested walking through this forest, Junior Brother Bai would not have…...ai.” Feng Yan sighed as he stood up. Having spent the night without rest, his eyes were already bloodshot. With an expression of grief and indignation, he gazed at the forest.

“Do not blame yourself Senior Brother Feng, none of us knew that there would be Twin-Headed Bats here. Perhaps Bai Xiaochun did not die, and even if he is dead, as his fellow sect members, we should at least bring his body back!” A complicated feeling arose deep within Du Lingfei’s heart. She had no idea why she was feeling such an emotion; every time she thought of Bai Xiaochun’s cowardly figure, though she truly despised it, she still felt a sense of pity for him. After all, there was no enmity or deep hatred between the both of them.

“You’re right Junior Sister Du, no matter what, we must not give up.” Feng Yan sucked in a deep breath and nodded his head gravely as the two of them prepared to once again go down the mountain to search for Bai Xiaochun.

Just at this moment, however, they saw Bai Xiaochun lazily stroll out from the forest. Bai Xiaochun yawned as he walked out and even started to stretch his body as if he had just woken up.

Du Lingfei’s eyes widened with surprise and Feng Yan’s gaze was filled with disbelief. He was bewildered while watching Bai Xiaochun casually tread the mountain trail, slowly heading in their direction.

Especially when looking at Bai Xiaochun’s current expression, it was as if he had such a good night’s sleep - lively and vigorous. This was in sharp contrast with the both of them who hadn’t rested since the previous night and were fighting their fatigue just to stay awake.

In no time at all, Bai Xiaochun had ascended the mountain. The moment he saw the duo, he immediately ran over and greeted them.

“Morning! Senior Brother Feng, Senior Sister Du, this forest is too scary, I almost lost my life.” Bai Xiaochun indeed had a good rest after eliminating almost all of the bats in the forest. Not only had he gained a bountiful harvest, he even had a peaceful sleep in the bats’ cave.

Du Lingfei stared at Bai Xiaochun with an ugly expression and gave a cold snort. Looking at his face and recalling the conflicted emotions she felt a while ago, she felt even more irritated with Bai Xiaochun.

A hint of coldness flashed deep inside Feng Yan’s eyes, though on the surface, he showed a joyful expression.

“It doesn’t matter so long as Junior Brother Bai is fine. We were worried throughout the whole night.”

Bai Xiaochun chuckled embarrassedly, however, deep within his gaze, a streak of coldness similarly flashed for a moment.

Not long after, the trio continued their journey without using the boat. Having experienced this incident, Bai Xiaochun suggested flying with the boat during the night and walking on foot during the day. Du Lingfei showed a rare agreement with Bai Xiaochun’s suggestion and Feng Yan also nodded his head after thinking for a moment.

The trio slowly faded into the distance as they continued their journey downstream along the Tongtian River.

Time slowly passed and before they knew it, a month had already passed.

And in this month, Bai Xiaochun had walked more than ever before in his whole life. He saw mountains after mountains, forests after forests; the surroundings were bereft of any humans. The entire area was just like a wasteland.

Once when the three of them were on their way, the ground suddenly started trembling. To his horror, Bai Xiaochun discovered that far away in the distance, amidst the mountain range, a giant whose body was covered with hair from head to toe was slowly approaching them. With every step the giant took, the ground shook.

This giant made Bai Xiaochun take a deep breath of shock.

At another time, the trio were in the flying boat during the night, when they suddenly heard a thunderous roar in the distance. And what greeted Bai Xiaochun’s sight was ……an enormous bird, as big as the size of the Scented Cloud Mountain, soaring through the sky, with countless streaks of lightning wiggling all over its body, looking especially imposing in the darkness of the night.

But what Bai Xiaochun remembered the most was that during one bright and sunny day, he saw this short-limbed monster with a head as big as a small mountain get devoured in a single bite by a 10,000 zhang long golden crocodile. The four-limbed beast was at the bank of the Tongtian River when the crocodile jumped out from the river with a cold gaze. It even took a glance at the trio who were hiding far away in the distance, and this unforgettable scene deeply shocked the three of them.

With just a single glance, a boom had resounded within the trio’s minds as blood seeped out from the corners of their mouths. The three of them had a splitting headache which lasted for days before they finally recovered.

“It’s too scary, the outside world is too scary!” Bai Xiaochun repeatedly murmured to himself as his body shivered with fear.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1/10 guaranteed chapter of the week. Thank you for reading!

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 - The Fallen Chen Clan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 49 - The Fallen Chen Clan

Even though Feng Yan had participated in outfield missions numerous times before, this was his first time travelling this far out. And after encountering those hair-raising sights one after another, he could feel his scalp grow numb. For Feng Yan to feel like that, one needn’t mention Du Lingfei who had even less experience than him.

Fortunately, the fearsome creatures that they came across on the way did not launch any attacks against them; at most, these creatures would throw them a glance, as if there was some kind of aura shielding them from the enmity of these creatures.

Bai Xiaochun guessed that it was because they were disciples of the Spirit River Sect and after all…..in this boundless area, every inch of land was under the Spirit River Sect’s influence.

Just like that, the trio continued their journey with some dread. Every month, on a fixed date, they would send a report on their current location back to the Sect. Two months later, they had finally arrived at the borders of the Spirit River Sect’s influence - the Fallen Star Mountain Range.

Along the way, it wasn’t that Feng Yan didn’t want to covertly take action, but rather, he wasn’t in the mood to do anything because of the constant shocks and hair-raising situations throughout the journey. Not only did he have to deal with his own fears, but Bai Xiaochun had also became more cautious and sticked closer to Du Lingfei. Hence, with so many factors involved, Feng Yan could not find any opportunity to take action and thus, the only thing he could do was to endure.

Currently, they had arrived at the Fallen Star Mountain Range. Feng Yan gazed at Bai Xiaochun as a dark chill unnoticed by the others flashed in his eyes.

“This is some serious determination to have me killed…...just how big is this grudge.” Bai Xiaochun lamented in his heart as he narrowed his eyes. His meticulous personality had long since noticed Feng Yan’s intentions.

The Fallen Star Mountain Range stretched across a large area from the north to the south. One could not even see its end with the naked eye; as if it was a dragon waiting in ambush, dividing the ground into two.

If one could see far enough, they might even notice the sky on the other side of the mountain was a little different - as if there was a tinge of blood-red.

According to legend, in distant times, a star fell from above the skies and crashed into the ground. This caused the ground to crumble, and some parts of the ground were raised while some sunk; thus, forming this mountain range.

Within the mountain range, dense forests thoroughly spread, filling the area with various monsters and a diversity of rare herbs and plants. Because of that, even if this area was filled with danger, many cultivators still took the risk to explore it.

“We have reached the Fallen Star Mountain Range.” Du Lingfei slowly opened her mouth and spoke. The experiences she had along the journey had laden her with fatigue. And now that they had finally reached their destination, she heaved a sigh of relief from the bottom of her heart.

“According to the last time Junior Brother Hou contacted the sect, the coordinates came from this area.” Feng Yan slapped his storage pouch and a compass-like device appeared in his hand.

The device had a needle attached to it which was currently spinning rapidly.

“According to the rules of the sect, disciples who travel on outfield missions have to send their coordinates back to the sect every month. This Spirit River Compass will help us find the location where Junior Brother Hou last sent his coordinates from.” Just as he was holding the compass and explaining its uses, the compass needle suddenly stopped and pointed in a certain direction.

“Found it!” In a flash, Feng Yan leapt following the direction. Du Lingfei’s expression changed and quickly followed.

Bai Xiaochun gazed at the enormous Fallen Star Mountain Range before his eyes; in this place, the grasses and plants formed into forests, and these forests were like an ocean - boundless and limitless. From time to time, the chirping of a birds could be heard, and sometimes, a distant roar of a monster would echo from deep within the forest.

With a serious expression, Bai Xiaochun activated the protective light barrier of the jade tablet. After ensuring that even the slightest movement of the wind or grass would alert him, Bai Xiaochun then carefully started his journey forward, making sure to keep his distance from Feng Yan at the same time.

Both Feng Yan and Du Lingfei did not slow down the whole way, they sped through the Fallen Star Mountain Range and slowly travelled deep into a mountain valley. In this mountain valley, there was a large number of trees, and if one looked closely, they would discover that some of these trees seemed to be very old. These trees had trunks and branches that criss-crossed each other like a weave of pythons, with every branch joint forming a weird knot. If it was nighttime, such a sight would have sent chills ran down everyone’s spines.

Two hours later, the trio had already travelled deep into the the mountain valley when they suddenly came to a stop. Feng Yan looked down at the compass in his hand; the needle was clearly pointing towards a humongous tree by the side.

“Junior Brother Bai, go check it out.” Feng Yan looked towards Bai Xiaochun and pointed towards the big tree.

Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment as he closely inspected that tree. After making sure that there was no danger, his right hand pressed onto the jade tablet hanging on his waist. Immediately, the protective light barrier that was already covering Bai Xiaochun thickened by another layer. Bai Xiaochun even took out some talismans and plastered them onto his body. Only when all of this was done did he finally approach the large tree, step by step.

“If you are so scared of death, why did you even become a cultivator at the first place!” Du Lingfei snorted coldly. She already held Bai Xiaochun in contempt; throughout the journey, even though there were some dreadful situations, Bai Xiaochun’s reactions were simply just too exaggerated, as if he could die any moment. Now that they had reached their destination, Du Lingfei could feel her contempt for Bai Xiaochun increase even further, seeing that he still had such a cowardly mentality.

Bai Xiaochun did not have time to care about Du Lingfei, right now, having cautiously approached the huge tree, he took out a flying sword and peeled the tree bark. There was a patch of tree bark that had recently grown out, and the moment it was peeled off, a jade slip hidden behind it was revealed.

After carefully taking out this jade slip, Bai Xiaochun swept it with his divine sense and his expression changed slightly. He then threw the jade slip to Feng Yan.

The jade slip only contained a sentence the explained neither heads or tails.

“I found some other clues, I’ll go to the Fallen Chen Clan to confirm them…...:”

After Feng Yan read it, his brows knitted into a frown then threw the jade slip to Du Lingfei. After Du Lingfei had read the message, she too frowned and fell deep in thought.

“Fallen Chen Clan……” a few moments later, Du Lingfei softly murmured under her breath as she turned her head and gazed deep into the Fallen Star Mountain Range.

The Fallen Star Mountain Range covered a large area and was filled with bountiful resources. Such an area was not only under the control of the Spirit River Sect, it was lying right at the border between the Spirit River Sect and the Blood River Sect. The Spirit River Sect naturally had to arrange some people to protect such an area, and the clan responsible for this protection was…...the Fallen Chen Clan.

The Fallen Chen Clan had a considerable amount of people and had already been garrisoned at the Fallen Star Mountain Range for a thousand years. Every generation had a Foundation Establishment patriarch to watch over the clan; be it for protection or deterrence purposes, it was more than enough.

In their mission’s details, it was even stated that if there was any danger, they could contact the Fallen Chen Clan for help.

But according to Hou Yunfei’s message on the jade slip, it actually pointed them towards the Fallen Chen Clan, and it seems that…..Hou Yunfei went to the Fallen Chen Clan to investigate some of the clues and went missing from there on.

“What do you guys think, should we go take a look at the Fallen Chen Clan?” Feng Yan seemingly gave a superficial glance over Bai Xiaochun before looking at Du Lingfei.

“Senior Brother Feng, Senior Sister Du, having found this jade slip, our mission can be considered to be completed…...I think we should put safety first, there is no need to do unnecessary actions.” Bai Xiaochun quickly opened his mouth and he nervously surveyed his surroundings; he felt some intangible pressure from this place.

Du Lingfei hesitated for a moment, if they went back like that, she speculated that they would just get the basic amount of contribution points. However, if they investigated more leads, the amount of contribution points would also be larger.

Feng Yan frowned slightly as he watched Du Lingfei hesitate; if they were to go back now, he was worried that he would be unable to find any opportunities to kill Bai Xiaochun. Thinking up to this point, Feng Yan calmly opened his mouth.

“My opinion is that we should go take a look at the Fallen Chen Clan. Since we are here already, we can’t simply leave just like that. Not only can we ask clearly what exactly happened to Junior Brother Hou, but we might also be able to enlist the Fallen Chen Clan’s help in the search. If this is the case, our contribution points would be much higher.

“Moreover…...we do not have to enter the deep areas of the Fallen Star Mountain Range for this journey. As long as we stick close to the borders, there would not be much danger. As for the Fallen Chen Clan, hmph, any cultivator clan within the influence of the Spirit River Sect has a seal placed on their bloodlines; regardless of how many generations have passed, they could never betray us, even more so, show us any disrespect.” Feng Yan spoke slowly and gazed at Du Lingfei after finishing.

Du Lingfei nodded her head as she felt that the words Feng Yan spoke had made sense.

“Okay, let’s go take a look at the Fallen Chen Clan, perhaps they might know the reason why Senior Brother Hou went missing after leaving the Fallen Chen Clan.”

Seeing that Du Lingfei had agreed, Feng Yan smiled. He then looked towards Bai Xiaochun as a cold glint flashed deep within his gaze.

“Since the mission is already completed, why are we asking for more trouble?” Bai Xiaochun furrowed his brows.

“If you’re scared of dying then don’t follow us anymore.” Du Lingfei did not bother with Bai Xiaochun anymore as she turned her body and proceeded onwards.

“Junior Brother Bai, I am also responsible for the team during this mission, the three of us should advance and retreat together, no matter the circumstances. If you do not go, it will only make things hard for me when we get back to the sect.” Feng Yan looked at Bai Xiaochun with a vague smile and then proceeded in Du Lingfei’s direction. He deduced that Bai Xiaochun would definitely follow them, otherwise, with Du Lingfei as a witness, he could simply give Bai Xiaochun a ‘negligence of duty’ offence and Bai Xiaochun would be unable to avoid the investigation of the Law Enforcement Agency.

With a gloomy expression, Bai Xiaochun could feel his blood boiling. Looking at the disappearing silhouette of Feng Yan, blood vessels started to slowly appear in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. Even though he was scared of death, he was slowly reaching the conclusion that the safest and best method was making the first move in order to disrupt Feng Yan’s plans.

“Feng Yan, you shouldn’t have forced me!” Bai Xiaochun stood there immersed in his thoughts for a couple breaths. Finally, he lowered his head and dashed forward, following behind Feng Yan and Du Lingfei as the three of them slowly disappeared into the depths of the forest.

Four hours later, under the constant pace of the trio, dusk arrived and as the sun slowly dipped below the horizon, the forest grew darker as well.

“We’re here!” Feng Yan suddenly opened his mouth as the trio came to a halt. When they lifted their heads to look forward, they saw that the trees grew sparser on the path ahead, and the number of bluestones on the ground increased, paving a path in the open area.

In this area, there were a few courtyards that huddled together to form a mansion that looked big enough to house a couple hundred people. However, now that it was dusk, the time when the family clan was supposed to be the most rowdy and active, the mansion was instead bathed in darkness and silence, as if it had perfectly blended into the night, giving a desolate impression.

The only light came from the two lanterns that hung on the two sides of the main door, releasing a dim light. There was no wind blowing, yet these two lamps slowly swayed in the air, illuminating the two lion statues erected in front of the main door, each wearing a dark and unsettling expression.

Upon seeing this scene, the expressions of both Feng Yan and Du Lingfei immediately changed.

As for Bai Xiaochun, the instant he saw this mansion, a strong sense of danger surged within the bottom of his heart, as if every fiber in his body was screaming at him.

“Something’s not right……” Feng Yan’s heart skipped a beat, his words hadn’t even finished.

All of a sudden, with a long, harrowing creak, the main door of the mansion slowly opened. A gust of chilly wind blew out from within, and faintly, a silhouette seemed to appear behind the door, without sound nor breath.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd of 10 guaranteed chapters for the week. Expect one more tonight.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 - The Eerie Courtyard
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 50 - The Eerie Courtyard

While the main door was opening, the trio anxiously faced it. Bai Xiaochun was panicking, pulling out protective seals and sticking them on his body one after the other.

The figure that appeared held a lantern in its hand, blocking the entrance. It seemed to merge with the darkness, gazing at the trio in front.

“To what does the Luo Household owe this visit?”

Under the light of the lantern, the trio saw a youth with a pale face and calm eyes, clothed in a long cyan robe.

Seeing that it was just a human, Feng Yan and Du Lingfei let out a sigh of relief, the previous anxiety gradually subsiding.

“Fellow cultivator, we three are sect disciples of the Spirit River Sect. We came to ask some questions…” Feng Yan began talking.

When Du Lingfei noticed a layer of protective light covering Bai Xiaochun, her brows furrowed.

Not paying attention to Du Lingfei, Bai Xiaochun felt intense danger from the mansion and the youth.

“Ah, friends from the Spirit River Sect… Come in.” The youth spoke softly as the lantern swayed, the glow it was emitting occasionally lit up his face as he took a few steps back, and turned to leave.

The main door was opened, as if welcoming the trio.

Feng Yan hesitated shortly before going in first with Du Lingfei following behind him. Bai Xiaochun, on the other hand, surveyed the surroundings, gnashing his teeth as he vigilantly followed the two into the mansion.

The door closed shut as soon as they entered, the two lanterns on the wall rocked even more violently. Underneath the lanterns were the two lion statues, their eyes rolled as it turned blood-red.

Inside the mansion, a jadestone path was surrounded by vegetation and breakstone. The suroundings were dark and concealed even under the moonlight. Their only guide was the youth with the lantern in front of them, swaying with each and every step.

Feeling isolated from everything else, the four followed the path engulfed by silence.

On the right were fruit trees, swaying their red fruits despite the absence of wind.

Du Lingfei and Feng Yan warily looked about, staring at the rustling trees in particular, the eeriness they exuded was unsettling. Bai Xiaochun was walking behind them.

Slowly, a faint scent of blood reached his nose.

Surprised, Bai Xiaochun was just about to open his mouth.

Suddenly, the fruits on the trees started dropping down one after the other, rolling toward them after landing on the ground. On each of the fruits, there were faces of smiling children, as though drawn onto them. They started laughing as they made their way to the four of them.

“Lalala, Good evening.”

The fruits started growing arms and legs, and held their hands together while running towards the trio, surrounding the pale-faced Bai Xiaochun, Du Lingfei, and Feng Yan as they laughed merrily.

“Aunty said to be good kids! We can’t cry, we can’t wail, smiling fruits are most swell!” The fruits skipped around them in circles, their voices carrying a creepy laughter.

As they neared, a sweet fragrance spread in the air. This smell, however, was so unpleasant to the nose that one would feel like vomiting out their organs.

Some of the fruits even ran up to the youth who seemed oblivious to their laughter and songs as he stepped on them, crushing them in the process. However, the fruit pieces quickly reformed themselves with their smiles and song uninterrupted.

“What the hell?” Feng Yan’s eyes were wide as he swept his sleeve, a gust formed and blew away the fruits, crushing them upon impact with the ground. However, they reformed once again, their laughter constantly lingering in the air.

Bai Xiaochun was covered in goosebumps. His exterior defensive light barriers were all activated.

Du Lingfei was even paler, staring at the dancing fruits with sheer terror, she held down her vomit as she clenched her teeth. Just as she was about to gesticulate with her fingers for an attack, the fruits put on terrified faces.

“Aunty is coming!” They sprinted back to the fruit trees and jumped back up to their former positions, their smiling faces disappeared as they turned into normal fruits again.

“These are spirit fruits that my ancestors brought back from the deep parts of the mountain. They never stop singing. Did you three like it?” The youth in front of them did not turn his head and continued his advance towards the source of the voice.

After briefly hesitating, Du Lingfei and Feng Yan sighed before following the youth again.

Bai Xiaochun felt a chill ran down his spine as he proceeded following them again. As they walked, Bai Xiaochun noticed that there were an extra set of footsteps...

Before they knew it, the footsteps no longer belonged to four, but five people!

Perhaps it had been this way ever since they entered the mansion, but the fruits had distracted them. The following silence would make the fifth set of footsteps much more audible.

Bai Xiaochun listened carefully, realizing that the footsteps were right behind him. The hair on his body stood up as he felt a breath on his neck.

“You guys, maybe… have you guys been hearing some extra footsteps, other than ours…” Bai Xiaochun looked pale as Feng Yan’s eyes widened once more. He now heard them as well.

Du Lingfei’s pupils constricted, her breathing immediately quickened.

The three stopped in their tracks, the fifth set of footsteps disappearing along with theirs.

Bai Xiaochun was panicking. He clenched his teeth and turned around, coming face to face with a woman clad in red.

Her red clothes were swaying, and her face ashened. Smiling mischievously, the corners of her lips moved. She was saying something...

“Need more fire. Help me.”

The scene made Bai Xiaochun jump, screaming his lungs out. At the same instant, the red clothed woman dissipated into a red light, vanishing into the darkness.

Pale, Bai Xiaochun stared at the emptiness in front of him, his scream echoing throughout the mansion.

Du Lingfei and Feng Yan were terrified and shocked as well, their eyes darting around the courtyard. They hadn’t noticed the figure, but they also sensed something that made their hearts racing.

A voice of a woman singing eerily spread in the darkness, the song was a lullaby, one that could make even men shiver in this silent mansion.

“My dear child, go to rest, may the winds blow and the flames flow, don’t you sway, don’t you yell…”

“This mansion is haunted!” Panicked, Feng Yan summoned a sword, swinging it in a circle as he scanned the area.

At the same time, the youth, with the lantern in his hand, turned around slowly. His figure as well as the lantern’s light gradually blurred.

“Why did we stop? Come, come.” The youth smiled. It was not a kind smile.

“Maybe we shouldn’t be going in. We’re just here to investigate someone who went missing, perhaps you remember someone like us entering this courtyard about five months ago?” Feng Yan breathed heavily, his eyes stern as he asked the question.

Du Lingfei had already armed herself, focused and prepared.

“Nope.” The youth had a light voice that seemed to merge with the woman’s voice.

“Where are the members of your household?” Du Lingfei asked.

“They had some things to attend to outside. Have you finished asking?” The youth had a weird smile on his face, the corners of his lips stretched further, it was very unnatural.

“We’re done. Farewell.” Feng Yan backed off at the same time he spoke his words, with Du Lingfei behind him. Bai Xiaochun had already taken a few steps back long before them.

“Since you refuse to come in, then why don’t you stay? Just stay here… stay here with us…” The youth laughed, his mouth splitting into a gaping maw.

The lantern in his hand shook, becoming dimmer and dimmer, and soon, the mansion turned even darker. The youth’s words flowed out of his mouth as his head twisted backwards and he charged at Feng Yan.

With a pale face, Feng Yan shot out his sword at the youth who didn’t even bother to evade it. The sword went straight through the smiling attacker who continued his charge.

Breathing heavily, Feng Yan backed off frantically, gritting his teeth as he pulled out a black elixir and threw it on the ground. It exploded upon contact.

Caught in the explosion, the youth had his body partially destroyed, but it seemed like he was completely unaffected. With a wide grin on his face, he made a turn in the air just like a kite, continuing his descent straight toward the trio.

Multiple crossing lines were left where the elixir exploded. These lines began combining and forming a pattern, seemingly reforming itself.

“There’s a spell here! It’s a dark spell!” Feng Yan cried out as he recognized the patterns.

At the same time, the jade plates beneath Du Lingfei’s feet started moving, pairs of eyes appearing along with arms as thin as branches. Other worm-like creatures were burrowed between the cracks of the jade plates.

“You’re stepping on us, it hurts…”

Come on, stay here with us, get in…” The jade plates grinded against each other, making screeching sounds.

Du Lingfei was white with fear. Gesturing with her fingers, she took out a small flagpole, forming two mist beasts that swirled protectively. A blade shot out, flashing, as it cut off the thin arm that was holding onto her leg.

Bai Xiaochun, on the other hand, was confronted with a loud screaming voice from the red-clad woman who sang the lullaby.

“Don’t you sway, don’t you yell…”

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3/10 guaranteed chapter of the week. Thank you for reading!

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 - Senior Brother Feng is a good man!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 51 - Senior Brother Feng is a good man!

Bai Xiaochun felt as if his scalp burst open as he gave a roar, his eyes bloodshot. He took out a huge number of talismans and ferociously slapped them onto his body. ‘Hong, hong, hong” ,

layer after layer of light screens burst forth, forming a barrier almost as tall as half a zhang.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

As soon as this barrier of light appeared, the red-clad woman that previously appeared suddenly appeared from the shadows beside Bai Xiaochun and crashed into the light barrier.

With a loud bang, the woman actually managed to force her way 3 chi into the light barrier before she was stopped and could not proceed any further. She immediately released a piercing shriek which penetrated through the barrier, deafening Bai Xiaochun, to the point that even his consciousness had become hazy for a moment.

(ED note: 1 chi = 1/10 zhang)

Bai Xiaochun viciously bit his tongue and as soon as his consciousness cleared, he saw that the red-clad woman had transformed into countless red beetles that were trying to dig their way through the barrier from all directions.

However, Bai Xiaochun’s protective barrier was far too thick, regardless how of much effort those red beetles put out, they still failed to penetrate through the last 7 cun of the barrier. When the beetles reached that point, they were immediately bounced back, coalescing together in the air, and reforming into the red-clad woman.

(ED note: 1 cun = 1/10 chi)

With a sinister laugh, she glared at Bai Xiaochun and leaped at him once again.

At the same time, a crumbling noise resounded from the surroundings as the decorative rocks, one after the other, began trembling and slowly rose to form stonemen. The fruit trees also shook and started to grow out hands and legs, pulling themselves out from the ground. With huge steps, these trees suddenly approached from all four directions and charged towards the trio. As for the fruits hanging on the trees, they had once again revealed their smiles and continued singing the lullaby from before.

One of those fruit trees was especially close to Bai Xiaochun, and it took this opportunity to follow up behind the red-clothed woman, charging straight at Bai Xiaochun.

“Puppets!” Du Lingfei cried out in surprise.

Bai Xiaochun felt his entire body shiver from fear, he had never been in such a dangerous situation in his entire life. Right now, his eyes were bloodshot; seeing the woman was nearing him again, he rapidly gestured with his fingers, released all of his Qi, and pointed towards the woman.

Instantly, his wooden sword flew out with such a speed that it seemed like a black lightning. As the sword zoomed, it swept up a gust of wind and with a loud ‘hong’, the sword went through the woman’s head.

The woman released a pitiful scream as she crumbled into countless of red beetles that began falling down onto the ground. As those beetles convulsed, they started to break into pieces before they had even reached the ground.

The power of the sword didn’t diminish a single bit; that was a full-power move that Bai Xiaochun used when his life was threatened. After passing through the woman’s head, it immediately sped straight for the fruit tree-man behind the woman.

In an instant, the fruit tree-man’s body shook as its head abruptly exploded. The fruits on top of the tree started to wither at a rate visible to the naked eye; even until its death, those fruits were still happily singing their song.

Upon seeing this scene, Bai Xiaochun grew even more fearful. Fortunately, the power of the sword was extremely strong, and while it was flying, it hit a wall with a loud bang, causing a huge hole to appear on the wall. Many snake-like patterns danced around the hole like water ripples as if trying to mend the hole.

“Break out of here!” Du Lingfei hastily shouted. In a flash, she dashed straight for the hole in the wall. However, Feng Yan was the closest to the hole. With a pained expression, he once again took out the black elixir and blew it up right in front of the young man he was fighting with. A loud bang reverberated as Feng Yan made use of the recoil to reach the hole.

With a whoosh, Feng Yan arrived beside the hole. Just as he was about to dash out, his expression suddenly changed as he saw two huge stone lions charging toward the hole from outside. The two stone lions lifted their heads and howled, one of them charging at Feng Yan while the other toward Bai Xiaochun.

These two stone lions were undoubtedly the lion statues they previously saw standing outside the main door!

“Don’t bother running away, Spirit River Sect disciples…...you will all die!” The young man who was fighting with Feng Yan released a loud laughter which echoed out. In a flash, he once again closed in on Feng Yan.

Seeing that the hole was being rapidly repaired, Feng Yan gave out a loud roar as he gestured with both his hands. Immediately, countless balls of fire, each as large as the size of one’s head, appeared around his body. The balls of fire exuded an extremely high temperature, causing the surrounding air to distort; one by one, the fireballs blew up the surroundings, and fire spread everywhere.

Even the stone lion was forced to take a step back; as for the young man from the Fallen Chen Clan, his expression immediately changed. The two fruit tree-men nearby were hit head-on; one of them even exploded.

As for the other, since it was flying backwards, it was destroyed with a sword by the charging Du Lingfei.

As sounds of explosions continuously resounded through the area, the bodies of those two fruit tree-men started to release out copious amounts of green fluids. Within their bodies, corpse-like figures were revealed; their entire bodies were shriveled up as if more than half of their lifeforce was sucked out.

Out of the two figures, one of them was unconscious, while the other barely managed to open its eyes. After seeing Du Lingfei, its gaze shone with emotion.

“Senior Brother Hou!” Du Lingfei cried out in surprise, she recognised that the other was actually Hou Yunfei. She immediately went forward and helped him up.

“The Fallen Chen Clan has betrayed us, quickly escape and report it to the sect!” Hou Yunfei was evidently weakened, but he still poured out whatever Qi he had left in him into Du Lingfei as he grabbed onto her arm.

The Qi within Du Lingfei’s body immediately surged out; as she clenched her teeth, she supported Hou Yunfei and dashed toward the hole with haste.

As Bai Xiaochun glanced towards them, he instantly recognised that the person was actually Hou Yunfei. With a swish, he avoided the incoming stone lion and also darted towards the hole.

At this moment, the three of them were all running towards the hole, with Du Lingfei now being the closest, followed by Feng Yan and with Bai Xiaochun not too far behind. However, Bai Xiaochun’s speed was obviously the fastest, he was even nearing Du Lingfei.

Feng Yan face was deathly pale; that fireball technique had put a large strain on him and now, as he noticed Bai Xiaochun’s speed, a cold glint flashed in his eyes as another black-coloured elixir appeared with a flip of his right hand.

“Junior Sister Du run faster, bring the news back to the sect, I’ll assist you!” The moment he said that, he threw the black-coloured elixir in his right hand, aiming exactly between Du Lingfei and Bai Xiaochun.

With a boom, the elixir exploded in the air, sending shockwaves around. The recoil pushed Du Lingfei’s speed up another notch and she slammed at the hole on the wall mid-leap. As her body merged into the water-like surface that covered the hole, she took the chance to escape.

As for Bai Xiaochun, he was dazed for a moment when the shockwave hit him. In that instant, he was blocked by a stone lion, causing Bai Xiaochun eyes to turn red.

“Feng Yan!” Bai Xiaochun growled as the surrounding winds started to blow ferociously and the stone lion directly pounced at him. Bai Xiaochun was about to dodge, but three fruit tree-men had already neared him, and with the four puppets working together, Bai Xiaochun was caught in-between, suffering a direct hit.

‘Png’. The light barrier covering Bai Xiaochun’s body flickered a few times before it crumbled. Even the blue glow from the jade tablet dimmed and subsequently shattered. Even though most of the attack was blocked, the stone lion was extraordinary and the remains of its attack still managed to land onto Bai Xiaochun’s chest.

The huge imapact caused Bai Xiaochun’s entire body to tremble and be blown backwards.

“Junior Brother Bai……” Feng Yan smiled coldly as he watched this scene. Even though a heart-wrenching cry came out from his mouth, his speed did not reduce one bit. In less than a moment, he had already reached next to the hole. His body was halfway into the water-like surface covering the hole and was just about to escape when the young man from the Fallen Chen Clan let out a shriek. The young man’s body instantly blew apart and turned into countless pieces of bloodless flesh that flew straight toward Feng Yan.

Just when Feng Yan was about to reach the outside, these pieces of meat suddenly surrounded his body and viciously tugged.

Feng Yan howled in anger as he was pulled out of the hole which had almost been repaired.

In his anxiety, Feng Yan mercilessly clenched his teeth and bit his tongue, causing blood to fly out and land onto his flying sword. The flying sword turned crimson red in the blink of an eye, and instead of flying towards someone, it bursted into countless shards with a boom and aimed for himself.

Feng Yan had actually resorted to such a self-mutilating method! Innumerable pieces of blade shards pierced through his body, but at the same time he hurt himself, he also successfully managed to cut off those pieces of flesh stuck onto his body.

His body now free, Feng Yan’s body was riddled with countless wounds; his blood and flesh were a mutilated mess and he felt giddy in his head. Fortunately for him, those blade shards had avoided his vitals under his control. Feng Yan gritted his teeth and headed straight for the hole.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun had just suffered a strike from the stone lion to his chest. As his body rapidly retreated, he let out a painful shout. However, mid-way through his shout, Bai Xiaochun suddenly stopped. He blinked his eyes in shock and lowered his head down to look at his chest - layers of his clothes were destroyed and broken, but…...he didn’t feel any pain.

He quickly checked his condition again. Actually…...from the moment the fight had begun, even though it looked extremely dangerous, but in reality…...he didn’t have a single wound on his body.

That strike from the stone lion did made him fly away due to the impact, but Bai Xiaochun did not feel anything at all.

Just as he was immersed in this joyful surprise, the surrounding fruit tree-men had chased after him and landed some punches on his back. Bai Xiaochun flew forward and after discovering that he still did not feel anything, he looked toward the sky and laughed loudly.

“To think that I was so strong, scr*w your grandmother, what am I still afraid of.” Bai Xiaochun trembled with excitement, in this moment, he had complete confidence in himself. He utilized all of his speed and wooshed straight through the hole. His current speed was much faster than before and he arrived near to the hole in the blink of an eye.

At this moment, half of Feng Yan’s body was already out. With regards to Bai Xiaochun’s increase in speed, he had not noticed the slightest bit. From Feng Yan’s perspective, when Bai Xiaochun was attacked by the numerous puppets from before, he was already a dead man.

Seeing that Feng Yan was about to leave, a streak of pure hatred flashed in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. He fiercely lifted his right hand and with one move, he grabbed Feng Yan’s shoulder, which was was already out, and viciously pulled.

“I’m finally out!” Feng Yan cried out with joy when he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his shoulder. Before he could even react, his entire body was pulled back through the hole by an immense amount of force.

“NOO!” Feng Yan roared in anger. Before he could even see clearly how he was pulled back, he felt his storage pouch loosen, and subsequently, his entire body was roughly thrown far away by the immense of force.

It was only at this moment that he saw Bai Xiaochun’s figure standing at the hole.

“BAI XIAOCHUN!” Feng Yan eyes turned crimson-red as he was immediately surrounded by the two stone lions; with a loud bang, a pitiful cry echoed out.

“Senior Brother Feng!” Bai Xiaochun let out a heart-wrenching cry as he stepped through the hole and escaped just the moment the hole was about to close.

The instant he fully came out, the hole completely disappeared.

Outside the hole, it was no longer the grounds of the Fallen Chen Clan, instead, it was outside the main door. After Du Lingfei had escaped, she did not dare to waver or stop for a single moment. On the far-away edge of the forest, she anxiously waited, nervously inspecting the surroundings. Just as she saw Bai Xiaochun escape, she was about to call for him when she noticed Bai Xiaochun’s heart-wrenching cry and bloodshot eyes.

“Senior Brother Feng! In order to save me, not only did you give me your storage pouch, you also sacrificed yourself to block those puppets, Senior Brother Feng!”

“Bai Xiaochun, we have to go quickly!” After hearing what Bai Xiaochun had said, Du Lingfei felt sadness rise from the depths of her heart. But seeing that the hole had disappeared, and Bai Xiaochun still drowned in sorrow, she quickly acted.

With tears in his eyes, Bai Xiaochun hastily ran over and helped Du Lingfei support Hou Yunfei; together, the three of them sprinted into the forest.

“Senior Brother Feng was a good man……”Bai Xiaochun wore a pained expression as he looked back from time to time.

Du Lingfei could only feel bitterness and regret. Who would have known that her first mission would be dangerous to this extent; if only they had previously listened to Bai Xiaochun’s advice and not come to the Fallen Chen Clan, perhaps Feng Yan wouldn't have died.

Especially when she witnessed the scene of Bai Xiaochun pounding his chest in grief and sorrow, her heart couldn’t have felt any worse as she released a pained sigh.

“Junior Brother Bai, we have to quickly escape. The Fallen Chen Clan have betrayed us, they will not let us report back to the sect easily. I have already tried just now, but this entire area has its communications cut off…...the communication jade slip can no longer be used.” Du Lingfei looked towards Bai Xiaochun and bitterly said.

But then suddenly, Bai Xiaochun jolted from shock as he felt a sense of danger washed over him.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week. 2 more chapters later.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 - The Fallen Chen clan’s Betrayal!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 52 - The Fallen Chen clan’s Betrayal!

Meanwhile, in an enormous underground palace beneath the Fallen Chen Clan’s residences, there was a lake filled with blood. Inside this bloody lake, there were countless of skeletons.

Basking in the light of a formation array were countless Chen clansmen; men, women, the old and the young. Each clansmen was kneeling on a node that was part of the formation array.

Each of them was silent as they slashed their right arm. Blood would ooze out and coalesce into the nearby nodes. The accumulated blood from all the clansmen would then flow into the blood lake in the centre.

At the heart of the blood lake, an old man with a head full of white hair was calmly seating cross-legged, meditating. With each of his breath, the blood lake seethed.

At this moment, the elder suddenly opened his eyes, revealing a thick killing intent within.

“What is happening!!!?” His cold voice echoed throughout the underground palace.

Within the closest group of kneeling clansmen, a youth spoke softly.

‘Patriarch, there were three disciples from Spirit River Sect that suddenly showed up and I was caught unprepared by their arrival. As I was worried about them interfering with our clan’s secret plot, I attempted to use my puppet body to coordinate with the other puppet bodies using spells to kill all three of them. Unfortunately… I am incompetent and I could only kill one of them, allowing the remaining two to run away. As for the disciple that was captured previously, he was also… rescued by them.” This youth was the one that Bai Xiaochun and company fought with during their previous encounter.

The youth was feeling gloomy too. When a Spirit River Sect disciple lost contact with the sect, it usually took around half a year’s time to confirm the missing case. The sect would only arrange for other disciples to conduct investigations after half a year’s time. As such, the investigating disciples would require approximately nine months to show up at the Fallen Star mountain range.

However, only 4 months had passed and unexpectedly, disciples from the Spirit River Sect had already been looking for them, which not only the youth, but even the entire Fallen Chen Clan, failed to foresee. After all, the one captured was merely an outer sect disciple, and morever, the clan didn’t leave any traces behind. Based on their reasoning, the investigation shouldn’t have arrived at the Fallen Star mountain range so soon.

As for Hou Yunfei, if he had not discovered the Fallen Chen Clan’s secret plot, they wouldn’t have captured him either. Originally, the plan was only supposed to take six months, and once it succeeded, the clan would rise from the ashes and extricate itself from Spirit River Sect’s control!

Now, however, they were one month short...…

“Two outer sect disciples… humph! I have already started the spell and have sealed the the entire area. Quickly arrange some clansmen to kill those two! Just one more month… and everything will be complete!” the elder ordered indifferently. He was not too concerned about the two disciples and once again, closed his eyes.

The youth took a deep breath and nodded in agreement.

Soon after, seven figures quickly departed from the Fallen Chen Clan’s residences. The first one of them was the youth himself, now with his real body, who appeared to be at the eighth level of Qi Condensation.

Among the remaining six figures, the weakest were all at the sixth level of Qi Condensation, and two were in the seventh level of Qi Condensation.

‘They couldn’t have escaped so far. Catch them!” In the next second, all seven of them darted toward the forest, filled with killing intent.

Within the forest, Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei were carrying Hou Yunfei who had lost consciousness. As they were running away from their pursuers, Bai Xiaochun had continuously tried to summon the flying boat, but the surrounding spell seemed to not only have disabled the ability to transmit information, it even stopped the Flying Boat from working.

After learning of this, Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei’s expressions turned even uglier.

The duo were silent as they gnashed their teeth and kept running while supporting the unconscious Hou Yunfei.

Bai Xiaochun’s face paled. At the moment, his danger sense was at its peak, and every fiber of his being was screaming, as though urging him to quickly escape!

He was certain that slowing down would mean death!

The feeling of danger that he felt now was countless times more intense than what he had felt from Feng Yan. After all, even if Feng Yan wanted to attack him, he would have to think twice as he needed to kill Bai Xiaochun stealthily.

Bai Xiaochun would just need to be cautious, and even if he let his guard down, he could still avoid most of Feng Yan’s attacks; he could even find opportunities to counterattack.

However, as of this moment… when Bai Xiaochun thought about what he knew, his heart shuddered and cold sweat dripped from his forehead. After discovering information that pertained to a clan of cultivators’ plans for betrayal, not to mention it was the Fallen Chen Clan, Bai Xiaochun himself would get killed without hesitation.

The clan would definitely do whatever it takes to silence him.

It wouldn’t be a sneak attack, but a direct attack, just like a lightning strike.

The clan wouldn’t give them much time to escape, those clansmen might already be hot on their heels.

“The damn Law Enforcement Agency! This mission… this mission is simply not for outer sect disciples to take on!” The very thought of the elder in the Fallen Chen Clan who had already reached Foundation Establishment made him shiver in fear.

“Foundation Establishment… comparing my Qi Condensation with that patriarch’s Foundation Establishmend is akin to comparing a mortal with a Qi Condensation cultivator…” Bai Xiaochun breathed heavily with his eyes bloodshot.

“My purpose for cultivating… is prolonging my life......” Bai Xiaochun cried without tears. He took a glance at Hou Yunfei, but he just couldn’t bring himself to abandon him jso they could run faster.

Du Lingfei paled as well as she was the weakest cultivator among them, and she couldn’t even recover any of her spiritual energy. She was bitter because she knew that there was only a slim chance for escape, and the probability of dying was substantial. If Feng Yan, who was a cultivator at the seventh level of Qi Condensation, was there, and so long as no Foundation Establishment elder was not pursuing them, there was still a chance to fend off the enemy.

However, with Feng Yan’s death, added to the fact that she herself was only at the fifth level of Qi Condensation and was unable to breakthrough, and as for Bai Xiaochun… with his fear of death, she had no hope left.

“I have never thought that I would die after taking my first mission...” Du Lingfei laughed bitterly. However, she clenched her teeth tightly, determined to not give up on the hope to survive until the very end. She took out a medicine pill and swallowed it. When she looked at the terrified Bai Xiaochun, she sighed softly. At this moment, she looked at him without any trace of contempt as she took out a medicine bottle and tossed it to Bai Xiaochun.

“Junior Brother Bai, be mindful of your spiritual energy and replenish it when necessary.”

Bai Xiaochun was shocked. He caught the medicine bottle from Du Lingfei, then he silently opened it and immediately swallowed a pill. After thinking for a moment, he took out two medicine bottles from Feng Yan’s storage pouch.

“Senior Brother Feng had some medicine pills too.” He splitted it into two and shared it with Du Lingfei as he spoke.

Du Lingfei accepted them in silence. The duo maintained their speed and soon they arrived at the place where they first discovered Hou Yunfei’s jade slip. Upon seeing the huge tree, Du Lingfei softly sighed.

Regreting now was useless, the duo supported Hou Yunfei and continued their escape. Gradually, Du Lingfei’s speed slowed down and Bai Xiaochun got worried. He then grabbed Du Lingfei’s arm and dashed forward while dragging both her and Hou Yunfei.

Du Lingfei had long discovered that Bai Xiaochun’s speed had always been lightning fast. When he grabbed Du Lingfei’s arm, subconsciously, she wanted to struggle and shake off his hand, but when she looked at the fear displayed on Bai Xiaochun’s face, she released a sigh from the bottom of her heart and allowed Bai Xiaochun to grab and drag her.

At this moment, Hou Yunfei moved. He slowly opened his eyes, looking exhausted.

“Junior Brother Bai, I have never imagined that our paths would cross here after we parted ways several months ago.” Hou Yunfei laughed bitterly as he saw both Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei supporting him.

Once Du Lingfei noticed Hou Yunfei regain consciousness, she immediately took out a medicine pill and tossed it to him.

“Senior Brother Hou……” Bai Xiaochun sighed again when he turned his sight to Hou Yunfei.

“We still have hope. For their own personal gain, that Fallen Chen Clan has resorted to killing mortals to obtain their blood! As for the patriarch, he has to focus on taking charge of the formation array, and as such, it is impossible for him to pursue us personally. Furthermore, the entire Fallen Chen Clan is within their own residences so… there shouldn’t be too many pursuers!”

“Even though we are not able to transmit information to the sect from here, we can definitely do it once we escape from this place’s vicinity!”

“Also, for such crucial matters such as a clan of cultivators’ plans for betrayal, the sect will definitely send reinforcements as soon as they learn of it!” Hou Yunfei laughed. He swallowed the medicine pill tossed to him by Du Lingfei and felt reinvigorated; no longer relying on Bai Xiaochun to carry him, he clenched his teeth and dashed alongside the duo.

Because of that, the trio’s speed grew a little faster, and soon they saw the edge of the Fallen Star Mountain Range. A short while later, the trio rushed out of the woods. Du Lingfei immediately took out a jade slip and attempted to connect with the sect, but her face turned even paler and she bitterly shook her head.

“It still doesn’t work…”

Bai Xiaochun’s heart sank and Hou Yunfei was silent.

The trio remained quiet, and one by one, they continued on their way. Suddenly, they heard a roaring sound, and by the time their expressions changed, WOOSH! Seven figures appeared from the forest behind them, speeding towards them.

The first of the men was the youth who had attained the eighth level of Qi Condensation. Upon seeing Bai Xiaochun and company, killing intent flared in his eyes.

“I have said it before, all of you… cannot escape! Remember, the one to kill you is named Chen Yue!”

“Kill them all!!” Each of the clansmen drew their weapon as they coldly glared at the trio and charged towards them.

Bai Xiaochun and company’s expressions greatly changed. Each and every one of them gnashed their teeth tightly and ran even faster.

Chen Yue laughed coldly. With a single swing of his arm, a purple skull immediately emerged from the ground, growing enormous and laughing eerily. It quickly chased after the trio, and when it was about to reach them, Chen Yue waved his finger and the purple skull explosively self-destructed.

Boom! The shockwave tore the group apart. This forced Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei to stop, and they were immediately surrounded by the Fallen Chen clansmen.

As for Bai Xiaochun, he had always been very fast, but he was moving slowly in his attempt to escape with both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei. When he was separated from them, he did not think much of it and ran as fast as he could. With the gust of wind, his speed increased tremendously, and before the clansmen could surround all of them, he had already rushed dozens of zhang away from the encirclement. Furthermore, it appeared that he was still accelerating .

(ED note: one zhang is approximately equal to 3.58 meters, or 3.67 yards.)

Regardless of whether it was the youth who had attained the eighth level of Qi Condensation or the remaining six clansmen, all of them were shocked by the tremendous and abrupt acceleration of Bai Xiaochun.

“Since you run so fast, we shall kill these two first before we chase after you!” Chen Yue spoke indifferently. He waved his hand and rushed straight at Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei with an immense killing intent.

BOOM! Du Lingfei spat out blood. She had difficulty standing and was covered in blood from head to toe. Being surrounded by numerous clansmen, she knew that she was definitely going to die. She had a bitter smile on her face when she saw the back of Bai Xiaochun far away.

She knew from the beginning that Bai Xiaochun was scared of death. She couldn’t help but have some complicated thoughts flash through her mind, most of which were bitter and hopeless thoughts.

“Junior Brother Bai, I hope you succeed in escaping……” Du Lingfei made a hand seal and her flying sword swept around as she relied on ‘Lifting the Heavy As Though It Was Light’ to fight with the enemies. Once again, she spat out blood, on the verge of collapsing from the injuries.

Hou Yunfei also laughed bitterly. His eyes flickered with determination and he growled. He was afraid that his spirit energy was close to being exhausted, but even so, he was determined to not give up. Even if he was to die, he wanted to take a few of the clansmen with him so that he could gain more time for Bai Xiaochun to escape.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter of the week, and 2/3 for today. Chapter 53 is one of the best chapters of atte! Be prepared! :P

Translated by: KK

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

We are planning on changing our approach with the measurement system, for which we will introduce a poll in one or a few of the next chapters. Feel free to give your suggestions in the comment section below.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 - Courage!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 53 - Courage!

Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale, his heart was trembling, and a sense of danger was emitted by each and every fiber of his body. The feeling that he could die at any moment made him tremble uncontrollably.

He had never been this afraid. No matter whether it was when he had heard the sound of thunder while lighting the incense back in the village, or when he was taken to the Ten Thousand Snake Valley by Li Qinghou back in the Sect, or when he had seen any of the awe-inspiring monsters on his way here...

In those moments, even though he was nervous, he knew that he…… would not die!

But now he clearly understood that he…… was really going to die!!

As he was running away, he suddenly realised that there was no one by his side. After a brief confusion, he immediately looked back and saw Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei surrounded by seven people from the Fallen Chen Clan hundreds of zhang away.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

With Du Lingfei spitting out fresh blood, anyone could see that Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei couldn’t hold much longer and would be killed any second.

Bai Xiaochun’s body abruptly halted. As he stood there and observed this scene, his body trembled even more intensely, both his eyes slowly filled with blood. He could feel his entire body, even his very soul, screaming at him to escape as fast as possible.

Bai Xiaochun was quite confident, with his speed, in addition to Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei stalling, he had a huge possibility to…… escape to the skies.

Once he escaped, he could live his life, continue his cultivation, and pursue his dreams of immortality. The sect wouldn’t scold him, on the contrary, they would even reward him.

But…… If he escaped this way, if he just let both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei die, Bai Xiaochun would live with that guilt forever. In that moment, he felt that as if his very existence had been split into two; one telling him to quickly escape, if not, he would die. The other one was telling him that if he abandoned his fellow outer sect disciples and escaped by himself, Bai Xiaochun would never find peace for as long as he lived.

Bai Xiaochun’s breathing was rapid, and sometimes, he randomly growled. Veins were visible on his forehead, and his body was shaking like a sieve. He was no longer thinking straight at the moment, and he had completely disregarded all the possible consequences. He clenched his fist, certain of only one thing……

“Although I, Bai Xiaochun, am afraid of death, but I……. can’t just leave like this!” Bai Xiaochun hit his chest, his eyes now completely bloodshot as he let out a thundering roar at the sky. He rushed forward, heading straight for…… the place where Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei were!

His speed was so fast that the sound of him breaking through the air echoed out. Hou Yunfei’s body shuddered. He had seen Bai Xiaochun. Looking at him, one couldn’t tell if he was stunned or happy. He suddenly smiled as a renewed determination could be seen in his eyes. Bai Xiaochun was not there to protect them, instead, he was using all of his full might, rushing straight towards the Chen clansmen.

At the same moment, Du Lingfei, who was about to have her body pierced by a sword and already had a bloody wound cut open, also heard it. When she lifted her head, she saw Bai Xiaochun madly dashing towards them with crimson eyes.

Du Lingfei felt as if her whole being was struck by lightning. She stood there, stunned, tears uncontrollably falling down her face. She didn’t even know what she felt, she was moved, excited, and shocked at the same time.

She knew that Bai Xiaochun was extremely terrified of death, but when she saw Bai Xiaochun rushing towards them, seeing his crimson eyes and trembling body, she couldn’t even imagine what immense courage was needed for him to…… abandon his chance to escape and choose to return instead.

“Quickly go! You idiot, go quickly! Do not court death!” Du Lingfei was crying as she yelled at Bai Xiaochun, not even noticing the Fallen Chen Clan’s sixth level Qi Condensation disciple behind her, striking with his palm.

A rumble rang out and Du Lingfei spat out blood. Her vision blurred and her body shot in the air. Not far away, a flying sword that was currently under the control of another Chen clansman, flew straight towards Du Lingfei’s head.

Seeing this scene before his eyes, Bai Xiaochun let out a roar even fiercer than before. His body’s speed, which was supposed to be already be at its peak, surged once again with a bang. It seemed as though his body had ripped through the sky. Actually, he launched his small body forward with enormous force, forming a rainbow streak. He shortened the distance between him and Du Lingfei in an instant, and just when the flying sword was about to reach Du Lingfei’s head, he appeared by her side, hugged her closely, turned around in a circle, clenched his right fist, and punched in the direction of the flying sword.

With a loud rumble, the flying sword shook when it met Bai Xiaochun’s fist head on.

This scene greatly shocked everyone from the Fallen Chen Clan, Chen Yue’s eyes flashed with a hint of surprise, but was very quickly replaced with the former icy killing intent.

“You have really concealed your strength deeply! I should have already paid attention to you in the Dark Formation. All of you, ignore the other two, kill him!” Once he uttered those words, one by one, the gazes of the surrounding Chen clansmen filled with killing intent as they instantly charged at Bai Xiaochun.

Du Lingfei, who was in Bai Xiaochun’s arms, was dumbfounded. Not waiting for her to come to her senses, Bai Xiaochun hugged Du Lingfei closely and darted straight for the Chen clansmen.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot. He had long since forgotten his qualms about dying, in fact, he had forgotten everything; there was only one thought in his mind, and that was - saving both Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei and killing everyone before him.

With an astonishing speed, he approached one of the sixth level Qi Condensation Chen clansman in an instant. This sixth level Qi Condensation clansman made a hand seal, and a glowing small awl was shot straight at Bai Xiaochun.

“Screw off!” Bai Xiaochun roared loudly. He abruptly raised his right hand, heavily slapping the awl. A small boom echoed out and the small awl violently shook. When it came into contact with Bai Xiaochun’s palm, its sheen immediately dimmed, and the awl was actually slapped away by his palm.

When that sixth level Qi Condensation clansman saw this, he took a deep breath, his expression was immediately filled with fear. Just as he was about to retreat, Bai Xiaochun’s right hand formed several hand seals, and his wooden sword immediately shot out like a bolt of lightning, appearing in front of this sixth level Qi Condensation clansman straightaway. He was unable to react as the wooden sword suddenly stabbed between his eyebrows.

A blood-curdling scream rang out as the wooden sword directly passed through its target, covered with blood. Immediately afterwards, it turned around in mid-air, heading straight for another person.

At that time, a seventh level Qi Condensation clansman’s silhouette flashed by. As he made a hand seal, a huge amount of fog appeared in the surrounding area, forming a huge fog-like person as it shrouded his body who immediately approached Bai Xiaochun.

As that seventh level Qi Condensation clansman was about to launch a sneak attack, Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled as his left hand suddenly reached out. Both his thumb and index finger flashed with a black glow, and disregarding the fog’s protection, his fingers penetrated through the fog, directly reaching inside.

Throat Crushing Grasp!

A ‘kacha’ echoed out, the fog surrounding the seventh level Qi Condensation clansman’s body dissipated. His eyes widened as he stared at the arm that was grabbing his throat…... before his neck was suddenly snapped.

All of this happened far too quickly, starting from Bai Xiaochun’s immediate return up to the present, only a few breaths worth of time had passed. Two of the Chen clansmen were instantly killed by his quick attacks.

This scene made Hou Yunfei, who had retreated to Du Lingfei’s side, take a deep breath. His eyes were wide open, revealing an unprecedented shock.

Du Lingfei too was completely dumbfounded. She looked at the Bai Xiaochun before her eyes, completely different from the person in her memories as her breathing quickened, unable to believe that this was the same Bai Xiaochun who was so terrified of death.

It was at this point that the few other Chen clansmen had finally attacked. These few people were all scared and had taken out their strongest trump cards. With a woosh, a flying sword, a bead, and a small cauldron were sent flying towards Bai Xiaochun.

The three of them had joined forces to attack him!

Among the three of them, two were at the sixth level of Qi Condensation, and one was at the seventh level of Qi Condensation. When they attacked, it was ruthless and done without holding anything back. They took advantage of the fact that Bai Xiaochun was unable to dodge to suddenly launch their attacks.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes revealed a thick killing intent. By the time the three Chen Clansmen’s attacks arrived, his whole body had already curled into a ball. On his back was that huge black pot that Du Lingfei ridiculed along the way. This big black pot now covered Bai Xiaochun’s entire body.

An earth-shattering noise echoed out. That seventh level Qi Condensation clansman’s small cauldron directly smashed at the top of the big black pot. This big black pot shook and countless of cracks appeared, yet it did not shatter, completely fending off the small cauldron.

In the next moment, the bead also arrived, and it too smashed into the big black pot. In the midst of roaring sounds, the big black pot was unable to withstand the pressure anymore, and it broke apart into countless black fragments. While the remains were flying in all directions, Bai Xiaochun’s silhouette emerged from behind one of them, landing a direct hit on the other seventh level Qi Condensation clansman.

This seventh level Qi Condensation clansman was a middle-aged man. His expression drastically changed as he forced himself to back away, however, he was far too late. Bai Xiaochun’s speed was just too fast. His whole body trembled as he took the entire blow.

Even though this middle-aged man’s whole body had a defensive treasure’s protection, it was still unable to block Bai Xiaochun’s attack. The sound of bones breaking resounded. Afterwards, Bai Xiaochun grabbed the middle-aged man’s body and used his head to viciously attack him continuously.

Boom, boom, boom.

“No!” The middle-aged man spat out fresh blood, hopelessness appeared in his eyes as he was unable to escape.

The two sixth level Qi Condensation clansmen nearby were shocked speechless. Trembling, one of them controlled a flying sword which shot straight towards Bai Xiaochun.

With crimson eyes, Bai Xiaochun completely ignored the flying sword and kept hitting the man.

The flying sword approached and stabbed him, only to reveal a shocking scene. The sword did not only fail to stab him, but even his skin was left unscathed as it immediately bounced off Bai Xiaochun’s body.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun fiercely roared before he ruthlessly struck the middle-aged man and grabbed ahold of him. The man let out out a blood-curdling scream as he took his last breath.

The two sixth level Qi Condensation clansmen next to to Bai Xiaochun went numb as they looked at the disheveled Bai Xiaochun whose eyes were as red as those of a ferocious beast’s. When Bai Xiaochun looked in their direction, without any hesitation, they quickly backed away.

Chen Yue, who was not too far away, was even more shocked by this scene. A thunderous roar filled his mind as he was unable to believe what he had just witnessed

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6th guaranteed chapter of the week, 3/3 for today! Bai Xiaochun is so awesome!

Translated by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 - The Moral Heart
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 54 - The Moral Heart

Seeing that the two sixth level Qi Condensation clansmen were about to escape, Bai Xiaochun formed a hand seal, then a small wodden sword wooshed out and immediatly swept by the nearest sixth level Qi Condensation clansman’s neck.

Before his death, an unprecedented horror filled the eyes of the sixth level Qi Condensation clansman.

They were supposed to be the hunters, but now… the tables had turned, they were the ones being hunted!

In a few short moments, Bai Xiaochun had already killed four people!

The face of the remaining sixth level Qi Condensation clansman, who had previously joined hands in attacking Bai Xiaochun, immediately paled as he used all of his strength to retreat. His heart was racing and his whole body was trembling. He couldn’t believe that the small and innocent-looking Spirit River Sect disciple before his eyes was actually… so horrifying.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone with ferocity. Just when he was about to give chase, an intense sense of danger suddenly arose in his heart.

Simultaneously, Du Lingfei’s panicked voice arrived as well.

“Be careful!”

Bai Xiaochun’s body immediately shot back, and in that moment, a ten zhang large purple coloured skull suddenly appeared exactly at the point where he was moments ago and self-destructed.

A loud explosion resounded and the resulting shockwave made Bai Xiaochun’s whole body quiver. This was the first time he had felt pain through his Impenetrable Skin. Blood oozed out from the corner of his lips as he retreated.

The attacker was Chen Yue who was at the eighth level of Qi Condensation.

He had a ghastly look on his face and his eyes shone omniously. After saving his fellow clansman, his body disappeared in a flash as he dashed straight towards Bai Xiaochun. Behind him, the remaining two sixth level Qi Condensation clansmen viciously clenched their teeth and followed closely.

The three dashed towards Bai Xiaochun.

Hou Yunfei struggled to help but he was already too weak. The previous life-threatening battle had used up the last of his Qi. Fresh blood seeped out from the corner of his mouth, he was no longer capable of fighting.

Du Lingfei was also severely injured. She anxiously looked at Bai Xiaochun, all of her previous hostility and prejudice for Bai Xiaochun had long since disappeared.

Bai Xiaochun’s face paled and fresh blood spilt from his mouth again. His body swayed considerably and his speed rapidly decreased. Seeing this, the Chen Yue trio chased and attacked him again.

But when the trio neared Bai Xiaochun, his eyes suddenly glinted fiercely. Although the Impenetrable Iron Skin’s defence was unable to completely block Chen Yue’s previous magical assault, more than half was still mitigated. He intentionally feigned weakness, to the point where there was even blood on the corner of his mouth.

His speed suddenly surged. He didn’t retreat, but used his sudden acceleration to swiftly bypass Chen Yue. His target was… the duo of sixth level Qi Condensation Chen clansmen.

Chen Yue’s expression flickered and just when he was about to block Bai Xiaochun, a whistling sound appeared near him. Bai Xiaochun’s wooden sword was heading directly at his head. Chen Yue made a hand seal and a skull immediately appeared in front of him. However, even with his quick reaction, he was still unable to stop Bai Xiaochun.

His eyes filled with seriousness. With a flourish of his large sleeve, a lantern suddenly appeared and morphed into a fireball. Followed by a shout, it went straight for Bai Xiaochun.

At the same time, those two sixth level Qi Condensation disciples were struck with horror. They exclaimed loudly and quickly retreated, but Bai Xiaochun’s silhouette was like a lightning, abrupt and inescapable. When his right hand was raised, his thumb and index finger shone with a brilliant black glow and used them to viciously pinch the throat of the Chen clansman in front of him.

Throat Crushing Grasp!

Following a kacha sound, the Chen clansman released a blood-curdling scream as Bai Xiaochun crushed his throat. The fireball close behind Bai Xiaochun exuded its incredible heat. He was unable to dodge in time and a loud bang echoed when the fireball landed directly on his body.

When it exploded, a sea of fire instantly enveloped Bai Xiaochun’s entire body. Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei both cried out in alarm at this sight.

“Bai Xiaochun!!”

The sixth level Qi Condensation clansman not too far away was plesantly surprised. He watched as the flames devoured Bai Xiaochun and burst into laughter.

But at this moment, a silhouette suddenly dashed out from within the sea of flames. Its speed was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, it was already next to the laughing sixth level Qi Condensation Chen Clansman. That person’s eyes widened and tried to back away. However, Bai Xiaochun’s had already foot landed on his head, and in the next moment, his head was instantly smashed into a blood pulp. Not even a scream was heard as the clansman immediately perished.

Having finished all of this, Bai Xiaochun was out of breath. His eyes were now even redder and his body was now adorned with burn marks. Blood oozed out from the corner of his mouth as he raised his head and shot a death glare at the last Chen clansman… Chen Yue!

The severity of Bai Xiaochun’s glare made Chen Yue’s hairs stood on end He had cultivated himself to the eighth level of Qi Condensation and was considered as a genius in his clan. Although his treatment was incomparable to patriarch Shao, he still received considerable respect from the elders. His combat strength was impressive, honed from his daily fights with monsters in the Falling Star Mountain Range where he experienced countless of life and death situations.

As for the Spirit River Sect disciples, he held them in contempt. Although the opponents’ status was higher than his, he had always believed that the cultivators in the sect were all like plants grown in a pot. Even though each one of them possessed extraordinary spiritual strength, when faced in a life and death battle, they could not be compared to him.

But now, in Bai Xiaochun’s presence, what he felt was fear. Especially Bai Xiaochun’s current gaze, which was even more frightening than any of the monsters that he had encountered in the Falling Star Mountain Range.

There was savagery contained in that gaze, as if it wanted to swallow him alive. A chilly sensation rose from the bottom of Chen Yue’s heart.

Especially when he recalled how his opponent had killed six people one by other in such a short span of time, his mind trembled. The thing that made all of this surreal was the fact that he had already seen through the opponent’s cultivation… It was actually only the peak of the sixth level of Qi Condensation.

“His strength is enormous and he is also extremely fast. That person must have cultivated some sort of body-refining technique to be capable of killing someone with a single strike!”

“His defence in particular is terrifying!”

“Even though he does not have many Techniques, his control over the flying sword is exceptional. Not only has its speed exceeded our expectations, but every sword strike is shocking, that wooden sword itself is no ordinary object either. Its grade is very high, resulting in its capabilities to kill those at the sixth level of Qi Condensation in an instant!”

“This kind of person is most definitely the Spirit River Sect’s famed genius. But how come I haven’t heard of his name before, Bai Xiaochun!” Chen Yue was scared, but at the same time, his desire to fight intensified. With a wave of his right hand, three fist-sized jade skulls immediately appeared in front of him.

He looked at Bai Xiaochun with a serious expression.

“I had previously looked down on you, but not anymore. Let us see whether your Spirit River Sect’s technique is stronger than my Chen Clan’s Malicious Spirit Murdering Method!”

Once the words came out of his mouth, Chen Yue made a hand seal and the three skulls surrounding him seemed to animate as they growled. They grew bigger, eventually reaching ten zhang in size, and rushed straight towards Bai Xiaochun.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

Bai Xiaochun was gasping for breath. In that moment, his mind was blank. There was not a single thought in his mind. He had long forgotten about dying. Only the impulse to defeat all of his enemies was left.

Seeing the skulls were closing in, his right hand furiously flashed as it made several hand seals. Pointing forward, the small wooden sword whooshed out along with two other flying swords. At the same time, whilst controlling three flying swords, a huge amount of light followed, bursting out of his body.

There was even a small shield circling around his body, emitting a brilliant glow.

In the next moment, Bai Xiaochun’s flying sword came in contact with those hollow skulls. A roar echoed out and both his and Chen Yue’s speed surged as they fiercely battled one another.

Chen Yue’s eighth level of Qi Condensation was more profound than Bai Xiaochun’s, but he was inferior in terms of strength and defence. The fight between the two reverberated, and it was obvious that their had matched against each other!

This scene made Du Lingfei’s heart skip a bit. She clenched her fist, not even feeling the pain of the fingernails digging into her skin.

The weak and hateful Bai Xiaochun disappeared, and in his place was a body that looked as if it was made of both iron and blood. It was Bai Xiaochun who was fighting with Chen Yue from the Fallen Chen Clan.

“I had previously wrongly accused him… This is the real Bai Xiaochun…”

“He is certaintly afraid of dying, but he can turn round and fight his way through a battle of life and death. The courage it required is far above an ordinary person’s…” Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun, her eyes gradually being filled with emotion.

“He’s terrified of death yet there is persistence in his heart. His morals do not allow him to abandon his comrades just because of his fear of dying…”

Not long after, a deafening sound rang out. Two out of three of Bai Xiaochun’s flying swords had broken into pieces, only the wooden sword was left. Those three skulls, however, seemed far dimmer as they were spiritually damaged as they flew back to Chen Yue’s side.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun seized the opportunity to attack. Chen Yue spat out blood because he was unable to dodge in time. Bai Xiaochun’s Throat Crushing Grasp pressed on Chen Yue’s arm and a kacha sound echoed out. The bone of his left hand was immediately broken. Nevertheless, a small dagger flew out from within his mouth, stabbing a cun deep into Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder.

(ED note: one cun is 1/100 of 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards)

Even the Impenetrable Skin had difficulty fending off the small dagger. When fresh blood started to flow, Chen Yue immediately backed away.

Not waiting for him to retreat far enough, Bai Xiaochun ignored his injury and chased Chen Yue with crimson eyes, his speed fast enough to cut the air.

Chen Yue had a ghastly look on his face. He violently clenched his teeth in this moment of crisis. After a series of hand seals, his body trembled. The Qi and blood in his whole body were boiling. With a loud roar, he fiercely slapped his forehead.

“Bai Xiaochun, if it is not you who dies today, it will be me!” If it was any other time, Chen Yue would have backed down without a fight. But today, it was a big incident related to his whole clan. He had to kill Bai Xiaochun. Blood spurted out from his body, and the three skulls greedily swallowed it.

“Malicious Spirit Murdering Method!” Chen Yue let out a low growl, displaying his unique Secret Technique. Both eyes of the three skulls in front of him let out a faint glow and ferociously charged at Chen Yue. They wildly bit him and swallowed most of Chen Yue’s flesh, and in the blink of an eye, it pierced into his body.

At this strange sight, Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei sucked in a deep breath. At the same time, Chen Yue let out a mournful howl. His body shuddered and a ferocious expression adorned his face. A large amount of black gas appeared outside his body and actually transformed into a Malicious Spirit that was ten zhang tall.

“Die!” His voice was imposing as he raised his right hand and pressed at Bai Xiaochun viciously.

“It is you who will die!” Bai Xiaochun let out a low growl. Both his hands did a series of hand seals, pointing towards the sky. At once, the Qi from within his body exploded out like a startled horse. A huge “Cauldron” word was quickly outlined in mid air.

It was...

The Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 - Young Master Chen Heng!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 55 - Young Master Chen Heng!

“Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique!” Both Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei cried out in surprise with stunned expressions.

Especially Du Lingfei, she had already mastered the stage of ‘Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light’, hence, she was aware of the difficulty involved in mastering the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique. That was a technique that few had mastered throughout the entire Southern Bank.

With a loud bang, the large cauldron smashed against the Malicious Spirit. The ground trembled as the Malicious Spirit let out a pitiful wail; its body immediately collapsed and transformed into countless strands of black Qi that dissipated into the surroundings, revealing a barely breathing Chen Yue within.

Blood escaped out of Chen Yue’s mouth as his body plopped on the ground. He gazed bitterly at the dissipating large cauldron and murmured softly under his breath.

“Purple Qi...Cauldron Melting…” He struggled to give Bai Xiaochun one last look before his body stilled, drawing his last breath. Before he had even executed the secret technique, he was already exhausted and wounded. With his method destroyed by the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique, and the Malicious Spirit that fed on his body was destroyed, he barely had any strength left to keep him alive.

Even up till death, Chen Yue kept his eyes wide open and stared straight at Bai Xiaochun.

Seeing that Chen Yue had died, Bai Xiaochun felt his entire body go limp; he had expended so much of his body’s spiritual Qi that he felt lightheaded. Like a deflating balloon, Bai Xiaochun stood there shivering; his body swayed from side to side as though it was about to collapse any moment; his face awashed with a sickly white, apparently in disbelief that he had killed everyone.

As he recalled the scenes from before, Bai Xiaochun felt a metallic taste in his mouth. Before he could check what it was, fresh blood had seeped out from the corners of his mouth again.

“I’m bleeding...I…I almost got killed!!” Bai Xiaochun felt his entire body ache in pain; especially when he tried to lift his shoulders, an unbearable pain shot through his entire arm. His skin was also badly scorched in numerous places. The waves of pain shooting through his body made Bai Xiaochun remember the fight before, making him shiver in fear once again.

“I…why did I come back...if I was careless even for a single moment just now, I would have died…...I have lived in vigilance my entire life, when did I become so rash……” Bai Xiaochun regretted his actions when all of a sudden, an unfamiliar soft and supple convexes pounced straight into his arms, accompanying this rather unfamiliar sensation was a very sweet fragrance. It was Du Lingfei.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned for a moment, but he immediately put on a serious expression and opened his mouth as he hugged onto Du Lingfei.

“Senior Sister Du, don’t be scared, as long as I am here, nobody should dare touch a single strand of your hair!” As he spoke, Bai Xiaochun unconsciously moved his hand toward the protrusions on her body.

“Thank you, thank you so much……” Du Lingfei replied emotionally as tears streamed down her cheeks. When she realised that she was in the arms of Bai Xiaochun and furthermore, felt a hand placed inappropriately on her backside, her face immediately flushed and she hastily backed away, looking angrily at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly as he relished the feeling, deep in his heart he thought to himself that Du Lingfei lived up to her title as one of the five great beauties of the Southern Bank; just her figure alone was already enough to blow away the competition.

At this moment, Hou Yunfei had a weird expression on his face. He gave a dry cough and flashed a smile at Bai Xiaochun.

“Junior Brother Bai, there will be time to reminisce in the future, right now the Fallen Chen Clan will definitely send out their next batch of pursuers; I fear that the next batch will comprise of the strongest of the clan other than the Foundation Establishment patriarch himself. We have to make use of the time we have now to quickly escape.”

The moment Bai Xiaochun heard these words, he felt his heart skip a beat; he had went all out previously to secure that victory and now, at the thought of the clan sending out even more people as strong as Chen Yue go after him, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but feel a shiver ran down his spine. With a deathly pale look on his face, he nervously surveyed the surroundings, shrunk his neck back and hastily nodded.

“Right, right, right, let’s go, we have to escape quickly!” Bai Xiaochun immediately broke into a run, appearing extremely afraid of death, contrasting greatly with the hot-blooded ferocious youth from before. Looking at Bai Xiaochun now, Du Lingfei did not find him detestable, but rather, she felt his actions were adorable. Compared to before, whenever Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun now, she would admiringly recall the scene of Bai Xiaochun abandoning his own well-being, jump in and fight fiercely to save her.

Hou Yunfei helplessly shook his head as he picked up the storage pouches from the bodies of the Fallen Chen clansmen and chased after Bai Xiaochun to give them to him.

“Junior Brother Bai, these are your spoils.”

Bai Xiaochun did not bother to inspect them as he took the stuff and threw them into his own pouch. At this moment, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but shake from fear. There was only one thought running through his head right now, and that was to escape.

Within the Fallen Star Mountain Range, at the underground palace of the Fallen Chen Clan, in the instant that Bai Xiaochun killed the first Chen clansman, one of the nodes within the formation array surrounding the blood lake shattered. The blood inside of it dried up almost immediately.

(ED note: in chapter 52, we used ‘cornerstones’ for nodes and mistakenly said they are four, which was in fact referencing to the borders of the formation array. It has been fixed now, we advise you re-read the description regarding the blood lake of chapter 52. Sorry for the inconvenience.)

Seeing this scene, the surrounding Fallen Chen family clan members were all stunned for a moment. All of them turned their heads to look over there but before they could even react, a second node, third, fourth, fifth……

Cracking sounds resounded through the air as nodes continuously shattered.

This scene immediately caused all the clansmen to widen their eyes in surprise. As their facial expressions changed, the Chen clan’s patriarch sitting within the blood lake slowly opened his eyes as well.

In the instant he opened his eyes, an explosion echoed from the node where Chen Yue was supposed to be at.

“Chen Yue…...has also been killed!”

“All dead, seven people went out, and they are all dead!”

“How is this possible, those seven people only had to kill two outer sect disciples. Could it be that the Spirit River Sect has found out about us and sent a Foundation Establishment cultivator!” The surrounding Chen clansmen lost their composure as a wave of panic swept over them, some of them even revealing fear.

“Silence!” Among the cries of shock, a cold archaic voice resounded from the mouth of the old man sitting within the blood lake. Like a thunderclap tearing the air apart, the voice made the hearts of everyone present tremble, causing a shiver to ran down their spines. One by one they quieted down and looked nervously at their clan’s patriarch.

“To go against the heavens and change our fate, to remove this seal in our bloodline; this is the only chance our clan has acquired in a thousand years. Since we have already decided, do not let your mind run wild. If a Foundation Establishment cultivator were to step into my formation array, I would sense it immediately. Currently... there are no Foundation Establishment cultivators, not even a piece of information has been leaked out. What are you guys panicking for.” The elder slowly opened his mouth, his expression was just as gloomy; if it wasn’t for him taking charge of this important formation array causing him to be unable to leave, he would have definitely personally went out to destroy Bai Xiaochun’s group long ago.

However, the moment he stepped out and broke free of the clan’s Blood Reversal Formation Array controlled by the Spirit River Sect, all of his efforts would go down the drain. He would even experience a backlash from the formation array, perhaps he could still survive it with some difficulty, but his clansmen would undoubtedly die the instant their blood flow reverses.

“To be able to kill someone of Chen Yue’s caliber, it might not necessarily be a Foundation Establishment cultivator. Between those two outer sect disciples, either one of them has hidden his cultivation level, or they possess a precious artifact!”

“Even if they have hidden their cultivation level, it is at most at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, as for the precious artifact...the stronger it is, the more restrictions it should have when a Qi Condensation cultivator uses it.”

“Heng-er!” A sharp glint flashed in the old man’s gaze as he raised his right hand to slap the blood lake by his side. Immediately, the lake waters started churning as a blood-robed teenager slowly rose from within the lake.

This young man had an exquisitely handsome look with well-defined features. At this instant, both his eyes suddenly opened, and a bloody light flashed from within his gaze, causing his aura to swiftly rise up as nine blurry blood-coloured malicious spirits appeared around him and released soundless shrieks.

The moment the surrounding Chen clansmen saw this young man, their expressions all brightened as they lowered their heads to greet him.

“Heng-er, as the young master of the Fallen Chen Clan, you are the strongest cultivator in this clan excluding myself. The ninth level of Qi Condensation...it is more than enough to undertake this mission. Take nine people with you, make sure...that you kill those three outer sect disciples!” The patriarch looked at the young man as his gaze shone with compassion and admiration, even his tone softened and became gentler.

“If they do not die, then I shall never return.” The young man’s gaze glinted with coldness as he nodded his head. He leaped and the nine blood-coloured spirits surrounding him turned into a bloody mist which formed a cloud for him to ride on. As he flew out of the blood lake, he hovered in the air, and after picking nine other clansmen, the ten of them of them departed immediately.

In the blink of an eye, ten silhouettes whistled out from within the Fallen Chen Clan. With the wave of a hand by the young man named Chen Heng, clouds of bloody mist immediately appeared underneath the feet of the nine other people, and the ten of them flew off into the distance together.

Their speed was fast, incomparable to travelling on the ground, and in no time, they had already arrived near the area where Chen Yue and his group had died. Using their clan’s bloodline to guide them, they quickly flew towards that direction.

Among these ten men, Chen Heng was in the ninth Qi Condensation level, the weakest was at least at the seventh Qi Condensation level, five others even had cultivations similar to Chen Yue’s - eighth level Qi Condensation.

Such a line-up was already the strongest that the Fallen Chen Clan could send out at this moment.

In the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the ten people had already flew out from the Fallen Star Mountain Range forest and appeared at the spot where Chen Yue and the six others had died.

Looking at the eye-shocking and heart-stopping state of the bodies, everyone’s expression changed except for Chen Heng’s.

Chen Heng wore a cold expression as he gazed at the bodies on the ground one by one, especially after realising that a few of them had their necks broken, a malicious glint shone from his eyes.

“Body-refining cultivator!”

With a flash of his body, he appeared beside Chen Yue’s corpse and lowered his head to examine it for a few seconds. Deep in thought, Chen Heng lifted his right hand and pressed towards Chen Yue’s face, closing the eyes of the latter. Soon after, Chen Heng opened his eyes abruptly.

“Interesting, there are actually some residue shockwaves from the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique……”

“This is both a spirit and body cultivator; not only does he have a fearsome physique, he also wields shocking and powerful spiritual techniques. No wonder he was able to kill Chen Yue and the others.”

“This person is definitely one of the Proud Son of the Heavens of the Spirit River Sect; Shang-Guan Tianyou? Or it is Lu Tianlei?” A vicious glint flashed through Chen Heng’s eyes and within the depths of that glint was actually a thick thirst for battle.

(ED note: in chapter 42, we have used ‘genius’ instead of Proud Son of the Heavens, it should be fixed by now. It is more of a status rather than just a simple ‘genius’ that’s why we apologize for this mistake.)

“Each of you choose a direction and search for them, if you spot anything, immediately send out a signal!” Chen Heng stood up and ordered in an icy tone. The nine people beside him all lowered their heads in acknowledgement and dispersed in different directions.

“The circumference of the formation array is extremely huge, without at least half a month, one can forget about escaping out of it. As for you guys...you can forget about escaping at all!” Chen Heng snorted coldly as he too picked a direction and quickly flew off into the distance.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 - Depending On Each Other For Survival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 56 - Depending On Each Other For Survival

It was the dusk of the second day, Bai Xiaochun, Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei were still fleeing, occasionally taking out their communication jade slip to give it a try. However, no matter how much they tried, or how anxious they were, they were still unable to contact the sect.

Fortunately, having taken the seven storage pouches from the Fallen Chen clansmen that Bai Xiaochun had killed, they had enough pills to sustain them. Although it couldn’t be compared to when they were in the Spirit River Sect, at times like these, having something is better than nothing.

Under the sustenance of the pills, both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei looked vigorous as they suppressed their injuries and ran alongside Bai Xiaochun in the darkness of the night.

Throughout the journey, Bai Xiaochun could feel his heart thumping worriedly against his chest; any blow of the wind or movement of the grass would make him break out in cold sweat. As he was constantly on the edge, his eyes were bloodshot. The pain that occasionally ran through his body caused him to clench his teeth in agony.

It wasn’t that he couldn’t handle the pain, in fact, if he were to compare it with when he was cultivating the Unending Longevity Technique, it was far weaker. However, the pain from the Unending Longevity Technique was for the sake of cultivation, but now, when he looked at the unrecognisable mess of blood and flesh all over his body, he could only worry whether the injuries would worsen and whether or not they were life-threatening. As these thoughts ran through his mind, his expression turned gloomy and sour.

If this was before, Du Lingfei would have definitely looked down on Bai Xiaochun with contempt, but currently, her attitude was the exact opposite. She looked at Bai Xiaochun with a gentle gaze as she stood by his side and continuously consoled him.

“It’s okay, don’t be scared Junior Brother Bai, although these injuries look serious, in fact they are not life-threatening.”

“Stay still, I will apply some ointment for you…”

Seeing Bai Xiaochun clench his teeth in pain, Du Lingfei covered her mouth and chuckled softly. Despite their dangerous circumstances, Du Lingfei still smiled towards Bai Xiaochun, and somehow, vague emotions hid behind it.

She knew that Bai Xiaochun was scared of death, however, the more she learned about this characteristic of his, the more touched she felt when she recalled the moment Bai Xiaochun had turned back to save them. She felt that the Bai Xiaochun standing before her possessed a courage that far exceeded that of any normal person.

And this courage, which had materialised into that bloody iron silhouette, left an unforgettable memory in her heart.

Under the consolation of Du Lingfei, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but feel joy rise from the bottom of his heart. He silently thought that putting his life on the line this time around wasn’t so bad after all if he could enjoy the gentle treatment from a beauty like Du Lingfei.

When Hou Yunfei looked at this scene, his gaze revealed a hint of happiness. Throughout this escape, they had to constantly depend and count on each other for survival. Having the opportunity to feel this rare sense of warmth, their relationship had definitely gotten much closer.

“If we could return back to the sect, Junior Brother Bai, Junior Sister Du, this favor, I will never forget it for my entire life!” Hou Yunfei said in a serious tone.

“If we could return back to the sect…” Du Lingfei’s gaze shone with anticipation but she sighted soon after. Turning to glance at Bai Xiaochun, a bitter feeling rose from the bottom of her heart; she understood, that the possibility of them returning alive...was slim.

Bai Xiaochun similarly fell into silence.

Time passed by and in the blink of an eye, two days had flown by. The trio had been on the run without rest, and throughout the journey, they would often take out the communication jade slip to test it out, but alas, it had never worked.

Hou Yunfei’s injuries were worsening and Du Lingfei’s face was also getting paler. The fatigue coupled with the injuries had caused the two of them to be mentally exhausted as well.

“A pity we don’t have the time to hide from them. We also need to report back to the sect as soon as possible. According to my estimation, the Fallen Chen Clan’s ritual should be finishing soon, and once it is completed…that Foundation Establishment patriarch will personally take action. Once that happens, regardless of how well we hide, we will undoubtedly die.” Hou Yunfei softly sighed as he explained to Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei.

Suddenly, Bai Xiaochun’s expression suddenly changed. He quickly pulled Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei along with him, sprinted down to a col and hastily crouched down.

Both Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei’s expressions changed as they immediately fell silent.

Not long after, out of the blue, a prismatic beam streaked across the sky; the prismatic beam was a cloud of bloody mist, and within the mist was an eight level Qi Condensation Chen clansman who was currently gazing below, scouting the ground. However, as Bai Xiaochun and the others had hid themselves in time, this Chen clansman did not stay for long and flew off into the distance.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart pounded nervously as he looked at the fading figure in the distance. The blood-filled veins in his eyes grew more obvious; he knew that he couldn’t take any action right now unless he could instantly kill the person. Otherwise, before long the other clansmen would certainly appear.

“They have caught up to us…” Du Lingfei sighed deep in her heart. She looked at Bai Xiaochun and hesitated for a moment, she was just about to open her mouth when Bai Xiaochun suddenly grabbed her hand and dashed away.

Along the way, the three of them were quieter than they had ever been; an invisible pressure weighed on their hearts and spread in the atmosphere, causing an unsettling feeling to rise in their hearts, as if the shadow of death was extending its hand closer and closer towards them, threatening to crush the three of them.

“We still have hope!” Hou Yunfei suddenly said.

“Though the Fallen Chen Clan’s patriarch is a Foundation Establishment cultivator and is much stronger than us, it is impossible for his formation array to be boundless. Our Hou family’s patriarch is also a Foundation Establishment cultivator and I was fortunate to witness him set up a formation array. Setting up a formation array that can cover an area of 10 000 li still requires one to lay down some nodes first.”

(ED note: One li is 576 meters, or 630 yards)

“ Senior Brother Hou is saying that even if the Fallen Chen Clan’s patriarch had made prior preparations, it wouldn’t exceed over 10 000 li!” Du Lingfei’s eyes brightened as she immediately replied.

“That’s right, hence the further we are from the Fallen Chen Clan, the higher the chance of us succeeding to contact the sect with the jade slip. And as long as we manage to send the news back to the sect, we would be saved!” Hou Yunfei said firmly.

“A radius of 10 000 li, according to our current speed, we would roughly need ** days……” Bai Xiaochun muttered as he gritted his teeth and continued running.

(ED note: the author himself wrote ** )

Throughout the journey, they were either running or hiding; they had encountered the Fallen Chen clansmen numerous times, however, they had always managed to avoid them thanks to Bai Xiaochun’s extraordinary sense of danger.

This constant tension coupled with the continuous running during which Bai Xiaochun still pulled Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei along, caused his fatigue to build-up and his expression to pale even further.

As for Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei, their injuries only worsened as time passed, their speed slowly decreased until Bai Xiaochun was practically the only thing moving them forward.

Bai Xiaochun moved with even more caution, his character was to always seek safety and stability; his personality was meticulous, and with his keen danger sense, he had managed to keep them alive for three days in the state of high alert.

During these three days, the three of them hid and concealed themselves; Bai Xiaochun looked haggard and was exhausted beyond what words could describe. As they entered a mountain valley, before taking more than a few steps, Bai Xiaochun suddenly felt his heart leap and instantly grabbed Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei and hid together with them behind a large boulder. However, they were slower by a beat as a whistling sound sounded from above. Bai Xiaochun quickly pushed the other two without any hesitation and hastily backed away.

With a loud crash, a beam of white light instantaneously descended from the sky, smashing the boulder, showering the surroundings with rubble. Hou Yunfei coughed out blood and similarly, some blood also seeped out from the corners of Du Lingfei’s mouth. At this moment, a cold snort echoed from the sky above.

“So this is where you are hiding!”

A disciple of the seventh level of Qi Condensation appeared before them as he stood on a bloody mist and held a piece of mirror in his left hand. He immediately slapped his storage pouch with his right hand and retrieved a piece of jade slip, preparing to send out a signal.

“Don’t let him send out the signal!” Hou Yunfei said anxiously as Du Lingfei, with a deathly pale face, tried to use her flying sword with great difficulty

At this moment, the retreating Bai Xiaochun, with his face pale, his body trembling and bloodshot eyes, gritted his teeth and stomped on the ground mid-retreat; his right leg trembled as he gathered all of his strength and with a loud bang, the ground below cracked open as his body shot off of the ground and flew with a such speed that he seemed like a prismatic beam.

Just when the Chen clansman was about the send the signal, Bai Xiaochun arrived in front of him. The Chen clansman’s expression immediately changed as he retreated quickly, unable to send a signal. With a gesture, the mirror in his left hand suddenly flashed and numerous beams of white light flew out of it towards Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun eyes filled with ferocity as he did not even bother to dodge, letting those beams of white light to freely land on his body as he continued to charge forward. While the clansman was shocked, Bai Xiaochun arrived in front of him. As black light flashed on the two fingers of Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, he grabbed onto the neck of Chen clansman and mercilessly clamped on it.

Throat Crushing Grasp!

With a crackle, the eyes of the clansman at the seventh level of Qi Condensation glazed; fresh blood spurted out of his mouth as his last breath left his body. Between the time he found the trio and died, he hadn’t had the chance to send out a signal even once.

Simultaneously, blood also seeped out from the corners of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth. Grabbing the storage pouch of the other party in one hand, he returned back to Du Lingfei. Before he could even reach her, his body buckled as if it was on the brink of collapse. Biting onto his tongue, Bai Xiaochun forced himself to concentrate.

“Go!” He quickly grabbed onto both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei.

“Let go of me!” Hou Yunfei suddenly shouted.

“Both of you leave, your speed would be much faster without me.” Hou Yunfei gazed towards Bai Xiaochun and Du Lingfei as he said with determination.

“Junior Brother Bai, you go…” Du Lingfei meaningfully looked at Bai Xiaochun. Hou Yunfei’s words were exactly the ones that she wanted to say days ago, and now she took the chance to say them as well.

“Shut up! Even someone like me who is terrified of dying is already putting his life on the line, you guys can’t let my effort to leave together be in vain!” Bai Xiaochun screamed angrily, cutting off the words of Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei. He pulled both of them and dashed away without speaking another word. Both of them similarly fell silent and did not continue to speak. Deep down in their hearts, Bai Xiaochun’s moving words had left an inerasable mark upon them

Bai Xiaochun moved even more cautiously from then on - he constantly changed directions and avoided the Chen clansmen hunting them multiple times. Three days later, when the sun was about to set, a lightning streaked across the sky. Ominous clouds gathered and raindrops fell. The bean-sized water drops rained endlessly onto the earth, drowning the area to instantly be filled with drizzling sounds.

As a cold chill spread in the air, Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei felt their bodies shiver uncontrollably. Aggravated by this cold chill, their faces paled even further. Anxiety surfaced on Bai Xiaochun’s face; he knew that the both of them would not be able to make it through the cold. Quickly, he found a mountain cave and lighted a fire.

After blocking out the light from it, Bai Xiaochun sat cross-legged and gazed at the two of them.

Crackling sounds softly rounded from the bonfire as it emanated a comforting warmth that gradually chased away the chill in the surrounding air. Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei’s expressions slowly improved, though they were still pale white.

Within the cave, the three of them stared silently at the fire, as a wave of fatigue washed over them from the depths of their hearts.

“Three more days, then we would be out of the 10 000 li area. Hahaha, when we return back to the sect and tell them of our achievements, what do you think the sect will reward us with?” Bai Xiaochun chuckled as he broke the silence.

Du Lingfei looked at Bai Xiaochun with a gentle look.

Hou Yunfei felt like laughing, however, when he opened his mouth, fresh blood flew out of his mouth as he immediately became paler, and his body swayed as if it was about to collapse any moment.

Throughout these few days of escaping, all of their pills had been used up.

Bai Xiaochun immediately stood up and was just about to walk over to check on Hou Yunfei when his expression suddenly changed. With a quick wave of his sleeve, he shielded both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei behind him as the rocks covering the entrance got blasted from outside.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

9th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57 - We Must All Live On!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 57 - We Must All Live On!

A loud sound reverberated as the rocks were scattered by Bai Xiaochun. Following the surge of cold air from the outside, the flames from the bonfire swayed and revealed a strong-looking man outside the cave.

This strong man was extremely burly and was holding a longspear with cold eyes. As an eighth level Qi Condensation cultivator, he seemed to have an even tougher look than Chen Yue.

“The Young Master’s deduction was correct. On this cold and rainy day, all of you who have injuries on your body would be unable to withstand the cold weather and would surely seek shelter. I, Chen Mou, continuously searched hundreds of mountain peaks and sure enough, I finally found all of you.”

As soon as the strong man opened his mouth, Bai Xiaochun suddenly rushed out with murderous eyes. In an instant, booms echoed as he fought with the strong man. The strong man seemed proud, but he was vigilant from the very start, he hadn’t entered the cave at all, but instead, he immediately backed away.

In the blink of an eye, Bai Xiaochun was already outside the cave. Under the intertwining heavy rain and thunderstorms outside, he fought with that strong man who was continuously retreating.

It was obvious that this strong man would not attack, but would use all of his strength to defend. Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun’s heart skipped a beat as he thought something was wrong. Gritting his teeth, he went all-out with his attack, ignoring his injuries.

The cold air blew into the cave, extinguishing the bonfire. Hou Yunfei struggled to stand up and once again threw up blood. Du Lingfei bit her silver tooth, straining to even control her Flying Sword. She stood up and gave chase, flashing hand seals to assist Bai Xiaochun fight the strong man.

After a moment, a blood-curdling scream rang out under the heavy downpour. A wooden sword had pierced the strong man’s chest, but just before his death, he had managed to stab Bai Xiaochun’s right leg with the longspear he wielded. Even though it didn’t manage to penetrate too deeply, it still pierced half of Bai Xiaochun’s leg.

“All of you cannot escape, the Young Master will arrive soon!” The strong man stubbornly glared at Bai Xiaochun as fresh blood seeped out of his mouth. His head fell to the side and he stopped breathing.

Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale and his body was shaking. In order to quickly kill that man, he had no choice but to suffer injuries in the process. Bursts of pulsing pain spread from his right leg. As he lowered his head, rain fell on his body, seeping into his wounds. The ground beneath his leg was dyed red from his blood and half his body felt cold.

Staggering, Du Lingfei ran toward him. Seeing Bai Xiaochun’s right leg, tears started running down her face. When she approached him, she gently helped Bai Xiaochun pull the longspear out from his leg.

During the process, he felt as if his flesh and bones were being ripped apart. Bai Xiaochun’s body was shivering yet he didn’t groan. The dying words of his opponent were obviously meant to delay them, and it caused Bai Xiaochun’s heart to sink.

He could even feel the fluctuations in the the wind around him and knew that it would not be long before all of the pursuing clansmen from the Fallen Chen Clan would appear.

Not long after, with Du Lingfei supporting him by the arm, the two returned to the cave. Bai Xiaochun had kept the strong man’s longspear. Inside the cave, Bai Xiaochun’s breathing was shallow. His right leg was prickling but thankfully, his bones were uninjured. Even though his bandaged leg still hurt, compared to today’s life and death crisis, this pain was insignificant.

“We must leave now. The Fallen Chen Clan will be coming any moment now!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and stood up.

Looking at Hou Yunfei now, he seemed to be on the verge of dying. His injuries could no longer be suppressed after multiple agonising days. Du Lingfei was completely haggard and some of her meridians had broken under the severity of the journey. When she previously helped Bai Xiaochun, she was gritting her teeth as she trembled to complete the task. Now, she looked up, gazing at Bai Xiaochun..

Under the night sky, her eyes were very beautiful and had a special gleam to them.

“Junior Brother Bai…”

“There is no need to bother with us. Your speed is fast. You… Leave!” Du Lingfei weakly said. Hou Yunfei, who was at the side, also scrambled to sit up, looking weakly at Bai Xiaochun and nodded.

“We can escape beyond the ten thousand li in just three more days. You guys shut... “ Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were completely red. He had not even finished talking before he was weakly interrupted by Hou Yunfei.

(ED note: One li is 576 meters, or 630 yards)

“Junior Brother Bai, once you escape, pass the message to the Sect. Then Junior Sister Du and I might have a chance to survive...”

Bai Xiaochun smiled bitterly. He was not a three years old child who would believe such a lie. He understood very clearly that even if he escaped and the Sect arrived, no matter how quickly they did… Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei would have already certainly died.

“Then, if I die, you’ll be able to leave.” Seeing Bai Xiaochun intending to reject, Hou Yunfei suddenly laughed.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart trembled, seeing the remains of Hou Yunfei’s Qi flicker, as if his meridians were going to shatter on their own.

“Junior Brother Bai, are you going or not!” Hou Yunfei looked calmly at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun was grief-stricken. As he backed away, looking at Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei, the bitterness that he felt reached its peak.

“If… There is still hope, if… There is such thing as an afterlife, I hope to meet you once again… Junior Brother Bai… live on!” Du Lingfei tucked a strand of hair behind her ear which had drifted in front of her face because of the chilly wind. No matter how pale her elegant face was in this moment, it had a beauty more touching than ever before as she gazed at Bai Xiaochun and softly muttered those words.

When these two words, “live on” were spoken, Bai Xiaochun’s body jerked, as if a hammer had struck his chest, making it tighten. He stared at Du Lingfei with a startled expression and then looked at Hou Yunfei in silence. After a long while, with his thoughts unsorted and without a word, his body backed away, disappearing from the duo’s eyes. Bai Xiaochun had left the cave, leaping into the thunderstorm.

Seeing Bai Xiaochun chose to leave, Hou Yunfei’s heart relaxed. Du Lingfei quietly stared, her eyes expressing her farewell. She wished that… she could turn back time and return to the time when she had first seen Bai Xiaochun. If that was the case, she could spend her time and… get to know Bai Xiaochun more.

The surroundings were quiet, when suddenly, Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei stared into the sky outside, straight at Bai Xiaochun and paled.

They saw Bai Xiaochun in mid-air as a loud explosion reverberated from his cultivation exploding out, his Qi gushing out, spreading, even distorting the rain.

It was as if a torch was blazing in the night sky, and even the cold rain was unable to extinguish it. His Qi could clearly be felt even from a distance.

When the lightning and thunder roared in the sky, the clansmen from the Fallen Chen Clan heading in that direction all became aware of it.

Especially Chen Heng, a flash ran through his eyes. In this moment, everyone was drawn toward Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun’s body shifted and he suddenly charged in the distance. When he leaped past where the mountain cave was, Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei were surrounded by Bai Xiaochun’s deep and resolute voice.

“I will distract them. You guys look for an opening… quickly go!”

Du Lingfei’s tears streamed down her face. In that moment, huge waves were roiling in her heart. Hou Yunfei’s body and mind were both shaking.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s speed increased, exploding with his full strength, whistling from the distance.

“You are dead, you are dead. Fallen Chen Clan, I might not be able to exterminate your clan, but the Spirit River Sect will definitely come and exterminate your whole clan!” Bai Xiaochun let out a forlorn laughter as he dashed, his crazed voice echoing out. Currently, the way he was sprinting seemed like he was attempting to escape the ten thousands li radius centered on the mansion. The feeling that he was exuding was obviously one as if his comrades had all died and he had become hysterical; even if he died, he would deliver the message at all cost, jus order to avenge his comrades.

This scene changed Chen Heng’s expression. This Bai Xiaochun was really going to alert the Sect, or perhaps it was a crafty lie, but Bai Xiaochun’s speed was too fast and Chen Heng didn’t dare to gamble with his Clan’s fate.

“Gather everyone to kill that person. As for his comrades, even if they are not dead, they are bound to be heavily injured, we’ll search for them after killing that person!” Everyone’s speed exploded, rumbling as they pursued to Bai Xiaochun in this thunderstorm.

The lightning and rain intertwined while thunders roared across the sky. After a moment, Du Lingfei viciously clenched her teeth in the darkness of the cave. Wiping away her tears, a strong determination filled her eyes.

She knew that the only way to save Bai Xiaochun was for her to dash out of this area and relay the message back to the Sect.

She looked at Hou Yunfei, his eyes filled with the same determination.

“There is no need to support me. Both of us head our separate ways. Regardless of who escapes first, immediately inform the Sect and have them save Junior Brother Bai!” Hou Yunfei had already decided that even if he was going to die, as long as he still had his last breath, he was still going to run and have the Sect save Bai Xiaochun.

Both of them took a deep breath, braving the rain and dashed out. They separated outside the cave, risking everything as they leaped into the distance. Their bodies were already at their limit, but the determination they had in this moment seemed to exceed the limits of their bodies, driving them forward.

The sound of thunder continuously echoed throughout the surroundings and lightning flashed across the sky. Bai Xiaochun was madly bolting with his full force, his right leg had already lost its feeling long ago. In this moment, his eyes were completely red, the danger of death was surging throughout his body.

He was afraid. He was afraid of death. He felt that death was quickly catching up to him, pulling him into the abyss.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t know whether his actions were impulsive nor did he know whether he was going to regret them. After all, his reason for cultivation was to achieve immortality. He didn’t have an answer to all of this.

Even now, there was still a voice in the depths of his heart telling him to… escape by himself…

But he just couldn’t forget these days where they shared a common fate and relied on each other. He was unable to forget the moment when Hou Yunfei had blackmailed him to have him escape. He was unable to forget that smile, more beautiful than ever before, on Du Lingfei’s pale face.

Between the fear of of death and friendship, he chose the latter!

“Senior Sister Du, Senior Brother Hou, we must all live on!” Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth, sprinting as if his life depended on it.

“Fallen Chen Clan, since you are all in a hurry to kill us, then come!” There was ferocity in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes, like a cornered beast extending its claws.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

10th guaranteed chapter of the week!

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58 – A Cornered Beast Will Keep Fighting!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 58 – A Cornered Beast Will Keep Fighting!

On this rainy night, thunder rumbled and lightning flashed across the sky, causing it to flare up momentarily. As thunder echoed, it endlessly rained and the sound of falling raindrops filled the air.

When looked from afar, the entire place seemed to be shrouded by the heavy rainfall. It was a bleak and chilling scene.

On the forest, Bai Xiaochun was shivering and his eyes were bloodshot as he unleashed his full speed and dashed on his escape route. Occasionally, he would ferociously stomp onto the ground and leap forward so fast, that he looked like an arrow released from a bow whistling away.

“Live on… We must live on!” Bai Xiaochun was trembling as he kept repeating these words with both Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei in his mind.

As death loomed over, it became chillier as if it blended with the rain.

From all around him, eight figures were approaching Bai Xiaochun with great speed, especially Chen Heng. Even though he was the furthest, the last among the group of pursuers, he was still extremely fast. He transformed into a rainbow and shuttled in the heavy rain as he accelerated. In this heavy downpour, sonic booms could be heard.

“You can’t escape me. Noone will escape from the formation array that my Fallen Chen Clan’s patriarch has set up!” Chen Heng’s eyes flashed with murderous intent.

In his pursuit of the trio, even Chen Heng himself couldn’t fathom how these outer sect disciples from the Spirit River Sect could evade them so well? They were able to escape from their pursuit for several days, and they might even escape the scope of the patriarch’s formation array. Especially the one Cheng Heng was chasing right now, not only could this person kill Cheng Yue, he had even killed a few men that Cheng Heng himself brought along with him.

That made Chen Heng even more certain that the opponent was one of two renowned Heaven’s Chosen from the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect, Guan Tianyou or Lu Tianlei. After all, this territory was under the control of the South Bank, and the North Bank would usually not intervene.

“Genius from the Spirit River Sect…” Chen Heng’s killing intent grew, so much that he was seething with excitement.

Thunder roared as Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth tightly and sped along. He was breathing shallowly as the spiritual energy within his body was being rapidly consumed. The entire place was bleak, as though an ancient beast had opened its wide maw and covered the skies.

All of a sudden, Bai Xiaochun abruptly raised his head and stopped on his tracks. His bloodshot eyes locked in front of him, a couple tens of zhang away where the raindrops suddenly flickered. A huge force shot out, scattering the raindrops as it headed for Bai Xiaochun.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

Beyond the rain veil, the first Fallen Chen clansmen to obstruct Bai Xiaochun’s escape suddenly appeared!

It was a ferocious-looking middle-aged man with a scarred face. He was a seventh level Qi Condensation cultivator. As he moved forward with big strides, an enormous battleaxe could be seen in his right hand. Like a gust of wind, he approached Bai Xiaochun with a loud roar and grasped the battleaxe with both hands. He charged towards Bai Xiaochun and slashed ferociously!

“Get back!” The middle-aged man’s thunderous voice resounded through the surroundings.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned crimson, his body did not freeze even the slightest bit; right before the battleaxe was about to fall on him, he suddenly raised his left hand and punched straight at the battleaxe!

The middle-aged man laughed coldly as he focused all of his strength into both his hands, causing a gust of wind as he swung his battleaxe down.

When Bai Xiaochun raised his left hand, a black glow flashed as he activated the Impenetrable Skin’s technique. As a result, it appeared that his left hand turned black when it touched the battleaxe.

After a boom echoed, Bai Xiaochun used his left hand to grasp the blade of the battleaxe with such tremendous strength that the surrounding rainwater splattered everywhere.

He felt a sharp pain and fresh blood started oozing out. As Bai Xiaochun activated the Impenetrable Skin’s technique to its fullest, there were no indications of serious damage on his left palm despite the overflowing blood.

The middle-aged man raised his eyebrows and exerted even more strength to push the battleaxe down, but Bai Xiaochun’s hand was like iron pincers, firmly holding the enormous battleaxe in place. The middle-aged man was unable to move it even the tinniest bit after striking at Bai Xiaochun.

This caused a big change in the middle-aged man’s expressions. He raised his head and saw the insanity in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes standing right in front of him.

He had never seen anyone in such state; he had only seen it in cornered beasts in the Fallen Star Mountain Range.

Seeing this, the middle-aged man’s heart suddenly hammered loudly as his whole body, from head to toes, was covered by a light screen. He released his grip on the battleaxe without any hesitation and quickly retreated.

He was fast, but Bai Xiaochun… was even faster!

As Bai Xiaochun held the enormous battleaxe with his left hand, his right hand too turned black. Lightning flashed across the sky and his pitch-black right hand had already appeared in front the middle-aged man.

In that split second when Bai Xiaochun was approaching the middle-aged man, he penetrated through the protective layer surrounding him. “Ka Ka!” The sound of the screen shattering resounded. Bai Xiaochun’s right hand penetrated through the screen with such irresistible force that in a flash, he had destroyed the protective layer; in his current agitated state, the Throat Crushing Grasp appeared different than usual!

Unexpectedly, there was a suction force that erupted from his palms which caused the middle-aged man to be pulled back. Bai Xiaochun stamped his feet on the ground all of a sudden, and before the middle-aged man could react, Bai Xiaochun’s pitch-black right hand filled his sight!

“Boom!” Bai Xiaochun’s right hand struck straight at the middle-aged man’s neck. With a fierece expression, he ruthlessly crushed his neck!

Kacha!

The middle-aged man was unable to believe what had just happened. Blood spilled from his mouth and he was unable to even scream because all of the bones within his neck were crushed to pieces. His head drooped down, he was dead!

Until death, his eyes showed his shock. As he knew that his opponent was strong, he had no intention of attempting to kill the opponent; when he attacked Bai Xiaochun, he only wanted to block his path and delay him. He didn’t think that this skinny Spirit River Sect’s outer sect disciple would be strong to this extent.

Just when the middle-aged man died, two figures hastily approached Bai Xiaochun from afar. One of them was surprisingly an eighth level Qi Condensation cultivator, similar to Chen Yue.

“Chen Zhong!” The two pursuers howled with sorrow when they saw the lifeless man.

“It is you who forced me into this!” Bai Xiaochun used his right hand to fling the middle-aged man’s corpse out of his way. His breathing was labored as he quickly turned around and dashed away. He was trembling, but his eyes displayed even greater ferocity than before.

He knew that he could not afford any obstructions and delays. Originally, he had planned to lure the Fallen Chen clansmen away, but he suddenly headed for an endless mountain range in the distance.

This mountain range was not a part of any border, and hence, it was nameless; lengthwise, it was longer than the Fallen Star Mountain Range and looked more majestic than the latter. What was most surprising was that the falling rainwater seemed to fall harder than usual, and even lightning and thunder gathered in that area.

Bai Xiaochun raised his head and he saw countless of lightnings linked together which formed balls of lightning that struck the ground and were accompanied by heavy rain.

Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun continued his escape. The two Fallen Chen clansmen relentlessly pursued him, and in the distance, he could see other clansmen approaching.

Especially in the distance, there was a rainbow approaching quickly. That was Chen Heng.

As the Fallen Chen’s clansmen from all around were closing in on Bai Xiaochun, the distance to the thick forest on the mountain range was getting shorter as well, he was only a few zhang away. He was drenched from head to toe as he stamped the ground with his feet, leaping forward, obviously rushing into the thick forest on the mountain range.

“Stop him!” Chen Heng’s faint shout arrived from afar.

At this moment, of the two pursuers who were closest to Bai Xiaochun, the one who was of the eighth level of Qi Condensation growled. He grabbed the clansmen in the seventh level of Qi Condensation and the duo looked into each other’s eyes, understanding what the other was thinking immediately. The clansman who of the seventh level of Qi Condensation curled his body in the shape of a ball and was then thrown towards Bai Xiaochun by the one who was in the eighth level Qi Condensation.

Boom! Their cultivations erupted and in an instant, the speed of the seventh level Qi Condensation clansman who had curled himself into a ball explosively increased. Whistling, he penetrated through the heavy rain, and in a blink of an eye, he caught up with Bai Xiaochun.

When he was about to reach Bai Xiaochun, the clansman, who was at the seventh level of Qi Condensation, charged towards Bai Xiaochun quickly. Bai Xiaochun halted, turned around and made a hand seal, sending the wooden sword against the clansman. However, disregarding life and death, the clansman chose to be penetrated by the wooden sword. In the moment before his death, a strange grin adorned his face.

Boom! His body exploded into various pieces of flesh, which formed into a rope of flesh aiming at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun’s expression flickered as he immediately retreated. While he was distracted, a sharp, piercing sound came from behind him. That was an arrow!

Looking back, the clansman at the eighth level of Qi Condensation was holding a longbow that was still shaking.

He shot the arrow with a perfect timing, exactly when Bai Xiaochun wouldn’t be able to avoid it. The coordination between him and the clansman who disregarded his own life was astonishing!

In that moment of crisis, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flashed and he forcefully stopped, as though he wanted to be struck by the incoming arrow.

After a loud cry, the sharp, piercing arrow struck directly at Bai Xiaochun’s right shoulder. His face paled when he felt the sudden intense pain.

When the arrow penetrated Bai Xiaochun’s right shoulder blade, it seemed to coincidentally get stuck in the bone. The arrow was made of quality material, and coupled with the fact that it was fired by the great strength of the clansman at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, it had caused serious damage to Bai Xiaochun. The caused the skinny Bai Xiaochun to fly off along the trajectory of that arrow, allowing him to avoid being restrained by the rope of flesh!

“Thump!”

Bai Xiaochun hit a huge tree at the boundary of the thick forest. The arrow had pinned him firmly onto the tree!

The clansman who had fired the arrow from nearby was elated. In a flash, he hurried to approach Bai Xiaochun, raising his bow at the same. He intended to fire a second arrow and finish off Bai Xiaochun!

From afar, one by one, clansmen from Fallen Chen’s clan neared Bai Xiaochun, and all of them had a look of savagery. However, Chen Heng, who was hastily rushing over, suddenly had his expression change.

“Watch out!!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: KK

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59 - You will die and I will live!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 59 - You will die and I will live!

The instant that Chen Heng’s voice travelled out, Bai Xiaochun, who was nailed to a big tree, suddenly raised his head with a fierce and brutal gleam in his eyes. He raised his left hand and grabbed the tail of the arrow stuck in his right shoulder; despite of the arrow’s spearhead which made a hole in his flesh, he still violently pulled it out.

Once Bai Xiaochun had pulled out that arrow, it took a few pieces of flesh along with it as a huge amount of blood sprayed out. Bai Xiaochun’s body was in so much pain that he violently shivered. Even so, he did not hesitate as the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique completely exploded out in this moment. Using the ‘Lifting the Light as Thought It Was Heavy’, he took the arrow and tossed it in the direction of that eighth level Qi Condensation clansman who was approaching him.

A sharp piercing sound suddenly rang out in this moment, reverberating in all directions. This arrow whistled directly towards the eighth level Qi Condensation clansman from the Fallen Chen Clan at an even faster speed than before.

With ‘Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy’, the power of his arrow was as great as a mountain.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun lowered his body and made a hand seal with both of his hands. A wooden sword immediately flew out, forming a double play. Suddenly, there was a shocking chill in the air. These days, Bai Xiaochun had been fighting the clansmen from the Fallen Chen Clan again and again, and because of that, his fighting experience had tremendously increased that even he himself did not realise it. It was as if he had already possessed a natural talent for fighting in his bones, but it was never revealed in his normal life. Now, this fighting talent of his completely erupted after being stimulated by a series of life-and-death scenarios.

The expression on the Fallen Chen clansman’s face who intended to shoot a second arrow abruptly changed. He never thought that Bai Xiaochun would actually be this ferocious. Thinking back, the other party had chosen to take the hit to avoid getting restrained and explosively counter-attack. Perhaps, this was the underlying goal of his actions.

He suddenly backed away. As a peak eighth level Qi Condensation clansman who had battled ferocious beasts all year round in the Fallen Star Mountain Range, he had rich experience. Although he had lost the upper hand and was currently in a dangerous situation, he did not immediately defend himself as he backed away. On the contrary, he used this short time to… completely draw the bow that had only been drawn halfway!

“Are you going to block or not!” As he let out a low growl, the second arrow whistled out, heading straight for Bai Xiaochun who revealed ferocity in his eyes.

Based on his calculations, Bai Xiaochun would definitely use the wooden sword to block his attack. As a result, what he was facing would not be a double play, and he could dispel the danger, so he could change his stance from passive to active.

However, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned crimson. He could not afford to give the other party the slightest chance of escape. Once he was entangled in the fight, the others would quickly close in, and at that time, he would unquestionably die.

He gritted his teeth, deciding not to move the wooden sword to block the arrow in the slightest. Bai Xiaochun let the arrow come and pierce his abdomen, while his arrow had also robustly struck, stabbing right through the chest of the Fallen Chen clansman. Fresh blood flowed out from both of their bodies as the eighth level Qi Condensation clansman let out a shrill scream. That clansman’s eyes revealed shock as he was desperately trying to gather strength in order to retreat.

But it was during this time that Bai Xiaochun’s wooden sword arrived like a death’s scythe, closing in on the neck of this eighth level Qi Condensation clansman, and in an instant, it circled once around his head. In the next moment, the clansman’s head fell to the ground.

After this, Bai Xiaochun spat out blood from his mouth, and without stopping even for a moment, he turned around, dashing straight into the forest behind him, quickly disappearing within.

In ten breaths worth of time, the silhouettes of the Fallen Chen clansmen that had been dashing straight for this direction arrived at the scene, and one by one, scared by what they saw. They had just personally witnessed the scene of Bai Xiaochun’s cold-blooded way of exchanging his wounds for the kill, filling them with shock and terror.

The Young Master of the Fallen Chen Clan, Chen Heng, also appeared at the edge of the forest.

He looked at the eighth level Qi Condensation clansman that had lost his head and glanced at the one whose body formed into a rope made out of flesh. He was silent, but his eyes revealed an even stronger killing intent than before.

“Chen Feng, Chen Gu, both of you go and search around and guard yourself against the opponent’s luring strategy. The others… follow me inside. You are not allowed to return until you have obtained the opponent’s head!” Chen Heng flourished his sleeve and stepped into the forest first. Behind him were five clansmen from the Fallen Chen Clan, three of which were eighth level Qi Condensation cultivators, and two were seventh level Qi Condensation cultivators.

Those two seventh level Qi Condensation fell back, obeying Chen Heng’s order and began their search. The other three eighth level Qi Condensation cultivators each had a thick killing intent in their eyes, following Chen Heng as he entered into the forest.

In the forest of the nameless mountain range, Bai Xiaochun felt a wave of dizziness consume him. His shoulder, abdomen and right leg were all seriously injured. The cold air from the rainy night invaded his body, making his already shivering body tremble even more.

“Am I going to die…” Bai Xiaochun laughed bitterly. He looked at the numerous injuries on his body. The stabbing pain that reached all the way to his bones made tears gather in the rim of his eyes.

The ghastly scene of that time when he was standing before his deathly ill parents as he watched their bodies gradually become ice-cold surfaced in his mind.

Perhaps, it was from that moment onwards that he became especially afraid of death.

“I want to live!” Bai Xiaochun raised his left hand and wiped away the tears at the corner of his eyes. He viciously gritted his nearly frozen teeth and dashed towards the forest. He had no idea where he was headed to, nor what the future held. There was only one desire in his mind right now.

“Live!”

As for his fear of death, it supported Bai Xiaochun, providing him with the needed strength in this stormy night, driving him forward.

He even gradually realised that his own cultivation appeared unconstrained in these few battles of life and death, as if he was already not far off from breaking through the sixth level Qi Condensation.

Slowly, the morning sun appeared in the horizon. Streams of sunlight passed through the leaves and fell on the raindrops in the forest, reflecting a beautiful light. However, the rain did not let up.

In the forest, Chen Heng’s group was rapidly chasing after Bai Xiaochun. Chen Heng’s complexion was getting more and more unsightly. Even though Bai Xiaochun was heavily injured, because of his fast speed and them being in the forest, Chen Heng and the others were unable to catch up to him. They had even chased him throughout the night but still had no idea where he had headed to.

Especially in this thunderstorm which had washed away all their leads, even if they were of a cultivator clan which lived in the Fallen Star Mountain Range and fought with ferocious beasts in these forests throughout the whole year, they were still unable to discover any footprints in the heavy rain.

“Split up and search for him. That person is heavily injured and couldn’t have escaped too far. Maintain a hundred zhang distance between the three of you. Once you find that person, do not fight him, but immediately retreat and relay a message to me!” Chen Heng gritted his teeth. Once he said this, the three eighth level Qi Cultivation clansmen behind him hesitated for a moment before nodding their heads and scattered.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

Time passed and a day later, Bai Xiaochun was exhausted, if it wasn’t for the strong desire to live supporting him, he would have long since collapsed.

His lips were chapped and he looked haggard, even his speed was dropping down. After an incense worth of time, his expression flickered. He abruptly looked to the right and saw a silhouette shoot out from that location. It was not heading towards him, but was retreating instead.

This long-faced youngster was one of the three eighth level Qi Condensation clansmen from the Fallen Chen Clan. As he retreated, he firmly pinched a jade slip that he held in his right hand, immediately sending out a message.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart sank. His body suddenly accelerated, dashing deeper into the forest..

The long-faced youngster’s expression changed. With Bai Xiaochun being here, there was already fear in his heart. When he was deliberating whether he should give chase or not, a sudden glee surfaced in his eyes as he noticed two silhouettes, a couple hundred zhang away, hastily heading in his direction from the sides.

Those two were at the eight level Qi Condensation. In the distant sky, a silhouette of a rainbow could be seen. That was Chen Heng.

The three of them were speeding in this direction and were quickly approaching. Judging by their speeds, those two eight level Qi Condensation clansmen would arrive in a mere ten breaths, while Chen Heng would arrive in twenty breaths at most.

The long-faced youngster laughed loudly as he came to a decision. His entire cultivation erupted in an explosive manner, and a strong protective screen appeared over his body. Patting the storage pouch with his right hand, a claymore appeared in his hands.

This claymore was seven Chi long, and although it had a simplistic appearance, when the long-faced youngster brandished it, it would cut through everything with its incredible sharpness. Killing intent gleamed in his eyes as he grinned, chasing Bai Xiaochun with full speed.

“Killing the Heaven’s Chosen of the Spirit River Sect is sure to fill one with greater satisfaction and sense of accomplishment than killing those cultivators that have scattered away!” The long-faced youngster’s laughter rang out. When he chopped forward with the claymore in his hands, a sword beam cut through everything, making a piercing sound. His left hand made a hand seal as he pointed forwards, and a fist-sized fireball appeared and flew straight at Bai Xiaochun.

Boom! Even though there was a thunderstorm, the fireball’s heat could still be felt when it exploded, and shockwaves spread all around. Bai Xiaochun paused and turned his head around, his eyes filled with killing intent. He knew that if he did not deal with the other person, he would be unable to escape.

But when Bai Xiaochun turned around, the long-faced youngster suddenly retreated with mocking eyes. He would never give Bai Xiaochun the chance to approach him. He only had one goal in mind and that was to stall Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun tightly clenched his fist as his body flashed, once again speeding away. Soon, that long-faced youngster had come to provoke him again. After a few breaths, the other two eighth level Qi Condensation clansmen, who were closing in on them, saw Bai Xiaochun and both of their cultivations completely erupted out as they headed straight for Bai Xiaochun.

Simultaneously, that long-faced youngster laughed loudly, no longer avoiding Bai Xiaochun, but instead, unleashed his full speed and together with the other two, they attacked Bai Xiaochun from three different directions.

With three eighth level Qi Condensation cultivators attacking, Chen Heng, who was flying toward them in the distance, relaxed because even if the opponent still had tricks up his sleeve, he was still sure to die.

“Sadly, there is no chance for you to improve anymore.” Chen Heng lightly said, but in the blink of an eye, his expression suddenly changed.

The three silhouettes were quickly approaching Bai Xiaochun, each using their ultimate abilities with the intention to kill. Bai Xiaochun, who was some distance away, flashed a hand seal with his right hand, and a wooden sword whistled out, heading straight for one of them. At the same time, he clenched his right hand into a fist and directed a powerful punch towards another.

A loud sound echoed out as the wooden sword was blocked. Bai Xiaochun’s punch connected with the eighth level Qi Condensation clansman and fresh blood spewed from the corner of his mouth. Even though he was backing away, Bai Xiaochun was similarly spewing blood out as his wounds had all reopened. Not waiting for him to back away, the long-faced youngster suddenly approached. The claymore in his hands emitted a sharp glow as he stabbed Bai Xiaochun.

It was a crucial moment, and Bai Xiaochun barely avoided getting his heart pierced as the claymore stabbed him. That claymore penetrated through his chest in an instant, and the excruciating pain caused Bai Xiaochun’s whole body to bleed profusely. Bai Xiaochun trembled for a moment as the long-faced youngster’s laughter rang out. He was about to pull his claymore out, when suddenly, Bai Xiaochun grabbed the claymore in his chest and violently jerked forward. He allowed the claymore to slide further inside his body, leaving only the hilt behind.

Because of this, he had reached the long-faced youngster. The youngster blankly stared for a moment and paled as his mind burst with the intense danger of looming death. He quickly pulled back his hand as Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, shining with a black luster, grabbed the long-faced youngster’s neck.

“You…” The long-faced youngster’s eyes widened. But before he could finish his sentence…

Kacha!

His neck was crushed!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60 - The Exciting Life-and-Death Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 60 - The Exciting Life-and-Death Battle

This scene happened all too fast. In an instant, one of the three eighth level Qi Condensation Fallen Chen clansmen was dead. The other two took a deep breath but spent no time in thinking and hurriedly closed in on Bai Xiaochun for the kill.

Fresh blood was seeping out of the corners of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth. He shakily moved back and hit the big tree behind him. The claymore was suddenly pushed out of his chest and he grabbed it with his right hand, pulling it all out, then slashed another clansman. Just when his attack was dodged, the other eighth level Qi Condensation Fallen Chen clansman approached and used his right hand to form a hand seal, producing an explosion.

Boom! Bai Xiaochun flew in the air, fresh blood sprayed out of his body, staining all his clothes with blood. The two Fallen Chen clansmen gave chase. Despite his life being in danger Bai Xiaochun did not break down, he was supported by his strong desire to live. He growled and formed a hand sign, causing the longspear and battleaxe to appear as well as two flying swords.

These objects were mercilessly shot towards the two clansmen with his Purple Qi Cauldron Technique.

The complexions of the two Fallen Chen clansmen changed, and they immediately conjured a black mist with their techniques in order to block Bai Xiaochun’s attack. A loud sound reverberated, and when the attack dissipated, those magical treasures Bai Xiaochun threw were scattered in all directions. Fresh flood flowed uncontrollably from the corner of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth as he staggered backwards.

“It’s time to end this!” The two eighth level Qi Condensation clansmen rushed forward for the third time, their speed now was even greater as the power of their cultivations was fully released. They approached Bai Xiaochun in the blink of an eye, intending to kill him.

“Live on, I want to live on!” There was a frenzied look in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes, the Spiritual Qi in his body had all been burnt out as he let out a hoarse howl. Amidst Bai Xiaochun’s howl, the faint Spiritual Energy that had been accumulating in countless tiny meridians as well as his flesh and bones inside his body throughout all these years exploded out like a thousand-rivers strong sea.

Boom, boom, boom!

The Spiritual Qi in these tiny meridians had already been loosened from Bai Xiaochun’s previous life-and-death battles. It was during this crucial moment that they finally awakened, surging towards Bai Xiaochun’s main meridians. In the blink of an eye, they had merged into a huge river. When they flowed through his whole body, the sounds of beating drums echoed in waves as an overwhelming force flowed into his main meridians.

At the same time, the cultivation of the seventh level of Qi Condensation surged, exploding out of Bai Xiaochun’s body.

The two approaching eighth level Qi Condensation clansmen were also aware of the surges brought by the seventh level of Qi Condensation coming from Bai Xiaochun. Their expressions changed drastically, an incredulous and shocked expression appeared in their eyes.

“A breakthrough in battle!”

“How… How can this be!” While the two were in shock, Bai Xiaochun suddenly raised his head, a sharp gleam could be seen in his eyes. Even though this excess Spiritual Energy was unable to heal Bai Xiaochun’s injuries, it was still sufficient to bring him out of his burnt-out state, a certain gratification surged through him as he was reinvigorated.

He dashed out and appeared in front of one of them in an instant. The Fallen Chen clansman cried out as Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, pitch-black from the Throat Crushing Grasp, neared.

Kacha, this eighth level Qi Condensation clansman could not dodge at all. His body was not under his control as he headed straight for Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, as if he had been forcefully pulled, and had his neck broken by Bai Xiaochun.

The other person felt numb. Seeing Bai Xiaochun direct his gaze at him, he immediately let out a shrill cry, rapidly backing away with intense fear in his eyes. He was already frightened out of his wits by Bai Xiaochun.

“Young Master, save me!” This last eighth level Qi Condensation clansman cried out anxiously as he backed away.

Chen Heng, who was less than thirty zhang away, saw the scene happen right before his eyes and let out a furious roar.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

“You are courting death!”

Bai Xiaochun did not even look at Chen Heng as his right hand formed a hand seal, and the all the fallen magical treasures that had been scattered around shuddered in this moment. They emitted a loud buzzing sound, as if responding to Bai Xiaochun’s call.

All of them instantly shot out with a speed even greater than before. In the blink of an eye, they had already arrived at Chen Heng, preventing him from approaching.

Explosions echoed out as Chen Heng was stopped by those magical treasures. Even if Chen Heng had cultivated to the ninth level of Qi Condensation, he was still unable to break those magical treasures in an instant, and therefore, he was held back for a moment.

At the same time that Chen Heng was stopped, Bai Xiaochun quickly charged out, approaching the escaping eighth level Qi Condensation clansman. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were filled with killing intent as a punch shot out in the clansman’s direction.

An explosion resounded and fresh blood spurted out from the eighth level Qi Condensation clansman. He was about to continue his retreat, unable to notice Bai Xiaochun’s left hand that was forming a hand seal. A wooden sword silently approached this eighth level Qi Condensation clansman from behind, penetrating his skull in an instant before it returned in front of Bai Xiaochun, covered in blood.

The eyes of that eighth level Qi Condensation clansman stared blankly at the world. His body slammed on the ground and twitched a few times as fresh blood continuously seeped out from his mouth. Soon, his eyes dulled with his last breath.

Once everything was done, Bai Xiaochun staggered. Even if he had a breakthrough in his cultivation, these series of attacks had consumed most of the strength from his cultivation. Fresh blood flowed incessantly from the corner of his mouth as he hastily retreated, once again making his way deeper into the forest.

He knew that there was only one opponent left and that person was also the strongest. Bai Xiaochun had long since sensed that this sole opponent’s cultivation level was at the ninth level Qi Condensation cultivation.

“Ninth level Qi Condensation…” An agonising feeling rose from the bottom of Bai Xiaochun’s heart, but the desire to live had his blood boiling. He understood that if his opponent hadn’t died just now, he would be the one dead!

There was no other option.

As soon as he retreated, Chen Heng let out a furious roar. The blood mist surrounding his body surged out and all the nearby magical treasure trembled. Cracks appeared in these magic treasures, and soon, all of them crumbled into dust. In the blink of an eye, Chen Heng flew out from the blood mist. He was gasping for breath, and once he saw the corpses of the three clansmen scattered around, he howled with even greater anger. With bloodshot eyes, he hurriedly chased after Bai Xiaochun.

In the forest of this nameless mountain range, one was escaping while the other was chasing, both heading off further away into the distance. The sound of thunder echoed in the sky and even though it was still daytime and no lightning could be seen, the rain was getting heavier.

“Are you the famous Guan Tianyou or Lu Tianlei!” Chen Heng’s voice rang out, filled with killing intent. He formed a hand seal and nine streams of bloody mist, as if nine bloody pythons, squirmed in front of him, emitting a bloody aura as they headed straight for Bai Xiaochun.

“I am your grandfather!” Bai Xiaochun was pale but his spiritual senses were sharp, avoiding Chen Heng’s blood light. Seeing that the young master from the Fallen Chen Clan was quickly closing in on him, shakily, Bai Xiaochun suddenly leaped forward, almost flying. Just when Chen Heng was about to leap forward himself, Bai Xiaochun stepped on a big tree in front of him.

The big tree violently swayed and Bai Xiaochun borrowed the energy and kicked off of it, turning in mid-air, heading straight for the pursuing Chen Heng.

“Regardless of who you are, you are definitely going to die today!” Killing intent flashed across Chen Heng’s eyes as his right hand quickly formed a hand seal, and with a wave of his hand, nine blood pythons appeared. They all faced the incoming Bai Xiaochun with their mouths wide-open, ready to swallow him whole.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot, he growled lowly as he formed a hand seal with both of his hands and released the remaining Spiritual Qi he had. A purple cauldron immediately appeared, enveloping his body within. He let the nine blood pythons approach him with the intention to devour him. Their speed did not decrease in the slightest bit, roaring along the way as they were thrown in Bai Xiaochun’s direction.

“Is that all you’ve got!” Chen Heng sneered and made a hand seal, turning those nine blood pythons into a mist. In the blink of an eye, they coagulated to form a blood-coloured skull floating above Chen Heng’s head before dropping down to collide with the approaching purple cauldron.

The frightening rumbles billowed in the air. The purple cauldron shuddered, cracking sounds rang out as it immediately began breaking apart, before it finally shattered. Even though most of the blood-mist skull had dissipated, a part still remained.

When this collision occurred, Bai Xiaochun dashed out from within the crumbling cauldron. In the blink of an eye, he had passed through the fractured cauldron and headed straight for the mist below.

Meanwhile, Chen Heng’s eyes flashed within the mist. While the mist was thinning, he shot out from the blood mist, heading upwards. He formed a hand seal with his right hand, and it was immediately shrouded with mist. The mist flowed into his palm and turned into a hideous visage.

As he struck forward, he noticed Bai Xiaochun right before him.

Their gazes met and they collided with one another. One was a fist, the other was a palm. One shined with the black luster of the Impenetrable Skin Technique, whereas the other had a horrifying visage formed by an abnormally strange technique.

A loud deafening sound rang out and fresh blood sprayed out from Bai Xiaochun. A cracking sound was emitted from his body as he fell back like a kite with a broken string, breaking numerous tree branches on the way.

Chen Heng shuddered and his face paled slightly. The Qi and blood in his body were raging. He was shocked by Bai Xiaochun’s immense power. His body flew out, catching up with Bai Xiaochun in a flash. When he raised his right hand, the surrounding mist spread until it covered more than ten zhang. The mist turned into a huge face and followed Chen Heng as he pressed down on Bai Xiaochun.

There was a fierce look in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes as he was forced to the brink of death. He ferociously turned his body in mid-air and suddenly raised his right hand, pointing towards Chen Heng. From his finger, the Purple Qi Cauldron Technique suddenly exploded.

As of this moment, it was not used to control objects, instead, it was used to control Chen Heng’s body. Chen Heng had never heard of it being used this way before. He immediately felt a huge energy enveloping his surroundings, as if an invisible hand grabbing his body.

Chen Heng sneered as his cultivation surged forth. The blood-coloured skull behind him let out a low growl. A crackling sound echoed out and Bai Xiaochun’s Spiritual Qi was immediately shaken off, startling Chen Heng for a moment.

In the moment that he had paused, a wooden sword shot out, heading straight for Chen Heng. Simultaneously, Bai Xiaochun also violently charged in an all-out assault. The Impenetrable Skin was pushed to its limit throughout his body as he let out a ferocious roar.

“Laughable!” Chen Heng flourished his sleeve and the blood-coloured skull behind him passed through his body, pressing downwards as it collided with the wooden sword. The wooden sword shook slightly but did not crumble. It penetrated through the blood-coloured skull, cutting a hole through it.

Bai Xiaochun followed through the hole, relying on his Impenetrable Skin Technique despite the risk of injuries. Chen Heng’s eyes flashed as he formed a hand seal with this right hand, once again pointing his finger towards Bai Xiaochun.

An arc of bloody light, which was shaped like a curved knife, immediately appeared and headed straight for Bai Xiaochun.

In a flash, this crescent bloody light landed on Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun’s chest was turned into a bloody mess, but his fist, carrying all of the remaining power of his cultivation, landed on Chen Heng as well.

A loud sound rang out, Chen Heng shuddered and fell back, his face paling slightly. However, Bai Xiaochun’s attacks did not end there. His speed had overcome its limits, and in this moment, it burst out at a… breakneck speed!

Boom, boom, boom, boom!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 - The Final Strike!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 61 - The Final Strike!

Bai Xiaochun’s speed was too fast. He circled around Chen Heng, not giving him a chance to react as his every punch and kick had formed a gust of wind.

Chen Heng’s expression grew ugly. He formed a hand seal, and the protective light around him spread out, creating an even greater amount of mist around him as he continued fighting Bai Xiaochun in the forest amidst the thunderstorm.

The more they fought, the more Chen Heng was surprised by the outer sect disciple from the Spirit River Sect before his eyes. He had previously evaluated Bai Xiaochun extremely highly, but after personally experiencing it now, he understood that he had still underestimated his opponent.

Continuously killing more than ten clansmen, including some at the eighth level of Qi Condensation wouldn’t be difficult with such abilities. That was by no means in the capabilities of a normal Qi Condensation disciple even for a large sect like the Spirit River Sect. The resources that their disciples received were clearly much better than those of cultivator clans, but the disparity shouldn’t be this great.

“His skin is too sturdy. What body-cultivation technique has he cultivated to actually achieve such heights? Even his strength and speed had been cultivated!” Chen Heng flourished his large sleeve, and the mist surrounding his body surged to forcibly push Bai Xiaochun away. But Bai Xiaochun disregarded the possible injuries and once again charged forward. A rumble echoed out and Chen Heng’s face paled even further.

“The most terrifying aspect is the speed of his recovery! If his cultivation had reached the eighth level of Qi Condensation… I wouldn’t be able to match him!” Chen Heng was unable to comprehend how a person who had been so badly wounded could actually still have this kind of explosive power. If it was anyone else who had sustained those wounds, they would have been knocked out long ago.

It was precisely Bai Xiaochun’s situation at the moment. However, even though he was quickly burning himself out, he still continued to persevere.

“The faster I kill him, the faster this will be over. Moreover, as long as I could get rid of him, less complications will arise!” A chilling light flashed in Chen Heng’s eyes. But then Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly flashed and he abruptly backed away. He formed a hand seal with both of his hands as the purple cauldron appeared once again, heading straight for Chen Heng with a roaring sound.

Chen Heng squinted and all of the mist surrounding his body coalesced into a large hand that blocked the large cauldron. The large cauldron did not actually have any strength to it and instantly shattered the moment the two came into contact.

When Chen Heng saw this, he knew that he had been fooled. Although there wasn’t much change in his expression, fierceness still appeared his eyes.

“Red Demon**!” He faintly spoke, and in an instant, a large amount of blood covered his whole body, from head to toe. In the blink of an eye, he had turned into a red-skinned person.

Just when he transformed into a red-skinned person, Bai Xiaochun’s left leg immediately arrived in a roundabout kick, spiralling in Chen Heng’s direction, rending the wind. This kick’s force was already his full strength.

Chen Heng sneered. Just as Bai Xiaochun’s left leg approached him, Chen Heng suddenly raised his right hand, swinging it to his side. It immediately collided with Bai Xiaochun’s left leg.

“Hong!”

A loud sound, similar to the muffled thunder, rang out. A cracking sound echoed within Bai Xiaochun’s body as tears streamed down his face from pain. He suddenly backed away, looking at Chen Heng with widened eyes, his heart beating madly.

“How can this fellow’s strength suddenly increase? When he used the Red Demon technique, his whole body turned red and it actually made him this formidable!” Bai Xiaochun’s heart was trembling in fear. His left leg had already been bent out of shape, and even though his skin was not torn, his flesh was still crushed and his bones were broken. He was breathing heavily as he gasped for air. He was unimaginably exhausted from the escape and his wounds were worsening.

There were many times when Bai Xiaochun had felt that he could not go on any further, only to realise that his body had quickly recovered just in time. He was extremely amazed at the shocking recovering ability that seemed like it could slowly heal even the heaviest of injuries. Based on his observations, perhaps this was an effect of the Unending Longevity Technique?

On Chen Heng’s end, his right hand looked normal, but if one looked closely, they would notice that it was trembling. The skin outside his body was redder, and as for his insides, all of his bones were fractured.

“You have your body-cultivation technique, but my Fallen Chen Clan has one as well!” Chen Heng dashed forward with a speed quicker than before, surpassing even Bai Xiaochun’s. It was as if he was now a completely different person filled with inexhaustible strength.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them renewed fighting in the forest.

A roaring sound echoed out. In this fierce battle, Bai Xiaochun’s right leg was injured, and his left leg was broken. His body was unstable as he unsteadily backed away. The danger of dying was getting stronger, this Chen Heng before his eyes was by far the strongest foe that Bai Xiaochun had encountered.

Seeing that he was in danger, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot as he suddenly raised his right hand, his palm was pitch-black. The power of the Throat Crushing Grasp was unleashed like a black-coloured lightning, heading straight for Chen Heng’s neck.

There was a strong gleam in Chen Heng’s eyes. He had previously seen this move and was mindful of it. His whole body flashed with a red light, and in the instant that Bai Xiaochun’s right hand neared, he grabbed ahold of it, viciously twisting it in the process. Kacha, the bones in Bai Xiaochun’s right arm immediately shattered.

This scene made Chen Heng furrow his eyebrows. He had never thought that it would be this easy, but his heart shook as he immediately backed away, recalling the previous hand-to-hand engagements where Bai Xiaochun had ruthlessly exchanged being wounded for the kill. Chen Heng ferociously pulled his neck away as he backed away.

Simultaneously, Bai Xiaochun’s left hand, covered by a black glow suddenly neared, whistling past Chen Heng’s neck, and without a pause, hooked itself on Chen Heng’s shoulder.

The power of the Throat Crushing Grasp exploded with a loud cracking sound.

Chen Heng’s face immediately paled as beads of cold sweat dripped down. His left shoulder blade was completely shattered just now, and the excruciating pain that came from it made him growl.

His whole body shone with a brilliant red light, surging with energy as he reached out to grab Bai Xiaochun’s left hand. Bai Xiaochun attempted to withdraw it, but Chen Heng’s speed was just as fast and caught Bai Xiaochun’s palm.

“Die!” Chen Heng’s eyes were also bloodshot as he formed a hand seal with his left hand with a low growl, aiming a finger right between Bai Xiaochun’s eyebrows.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flashed coldly. His body suddenly twisted, cracking echoed out as he let his left hand’s fingers to break. He spun his body, his right leg ripping through the air as it landed on Chen Heng’s body with a bang.

Chen Heng threw up blood as he backed off. The hand grabbing Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but loosen up in that moment, allowing Bai Xiaochun to quickly fall back.

More than a dozen zhang opened up between the two of them after Bai Xiaochun backed away. Both his hands were already useless. His whole right shoulder was shattered, and even if he could still raise his left arm, he could no longer use the Throat Crushing Grasp since his fingers were broken.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

Both his legs were trembling, his left leg was contorted, and his right leg was covered in blood, the kick just now had apparently exacerbated it.

He could stand by leaning against a tree right now. He viciously bit his tongue, resisting the urge to fall unconscious. His breathing was laboured, he had already reached his limit. From his upper and lower body, he could only freely move his left arm, and as for the rest, they were already numb. However, he didn’t truly show it, in his face, he still put on a battle-ready appearance.

As for Chen Heng, his eyes were now crimson as his left shoulder was completely shattered, making him unable to even raise his left hand, rendering it completely useless. A few bones in his chest were broken, causing fresh blood to continuously seep out from his mouth.

“I have underestimated you!” Chen Heng glared at Bai Xiaochun as he spoke in a hoarse voice. He had never thought that with his level of cultivation, killing this heavily injured Bai Xiaochun would actually be this difficult. To Chen Heng, the other party’s body-cultivation seemed to be similar to the secret technique of immortality because with these kind of wounds, Bai Xiaochun had yet to die.

However, he had practically displayed all of his techniques and had even used the Red Demon Technique.

“But, it’s about time that this battle comes to an end!” Chen Heng took a deep breath, and in the blink of an eye, the red colour on his body seemed to turn into gas, rising from his body. It coalesced in mid-air, turning into blood mist while his body quickly returned to its normal colour. His whole being seemed to be weakened. Even if it was Chen Heng, he too felt that this was a difficult life-threatening battle. The person before his eyes had too strong of a desire to survive, had an amazing recovering ability, and his method of exchanging injuries for lethal attacks was shocking.

“Red Demon Secret Technique, Blood Blade… Chop!” Chen Heng bit his tongue and spewed out a mouthful of blood which instantly turned into a blood mist, merging with the surrounding mist. The mist immediately roiled and in the blink of an eye, it actually turned into a long blood-coloured blade!

This illusory blade was more than a zhang long and there were actually countless illusory faces within, each producing an wretched screams. Chen Heng pointed at Bai Xiaochun and and following his motion, the long blood-coloured blade headed straight at him!

After displaying this Secret Technique, Chen Heng’s whole body weakened even more and he leaned on the a tree by the side, his face was pale and his hair had even slightly greyed.

“Die!” He looked at Bai Xiaochun with ferociousness in his eyes.

A sense of danger stronger than ever before filled Bai Xiaochun. He even felt that no matter how hard he tried to dodge, he would still be unable to avoid it. It was as if his fate had been sealed by some higher existence.

On the ground before of him, a fissure had opened up. Behind him, the tree had withered in an instant. The long blood-coloured blade neared… chopping down at him!

Bai Xiaochun trembled and his pupils shrunk. He did not want to die. He was afraid of dying. But even with the Unending Longevity Technique restoring his wounds, it was still difficult to change the situation. His body trembled as he watched that long blade approaching. Suddenly, an idea flashed through his mind. Without hesitation, he raised his left arm and waved forward. With the wave of his hand, a black light immediately flew out from his body and enlarged in the blink of an eye. It stopped in front of his body and turned into a… large pot!

It was the Turtle-shell Pot!

The instant that this large pot appeared, that long blood-coloured blade landed directly on top of it, and a deafening sound rang out. With it, the blood-coloured long blade trembled and actually… cracked. With a loud explosion, it crumbled into countless pieces.

As for the Turtle-shell Pot, there wasn’t even the slightest hint of a crack on it, but after it was struck, it immediately turned into a black light and returned back to Bai Xiaochun.

“Impossible!” Chen Heng shuddered, spewing a huge mouthful of blood. He could not believe that he had witnessed such a scene. Chen Heng was already weakened when he used this technique, and now that it was destroyed, he suffered a backlash. His spiritual energy was depleted and his sight gradually blurred.

“That… What was that!”

“That is your Turtle Grandfather!” Bai Xiaochun barely escaped death with fresh blood seeping out from the corner of his mouth. His body was unstable and he slid down the tree behind him, sitting down as he laughed bitterly.

“It’s a pity I don’t have any more weapons left…” He had already felt that the vitality in his body was quickly diminishing. In reality, everything before his eyes was already blurred. He wanted to summon his wooden sword again, but he just didn’t have the strength to; he wanted to summon his Turtle-shell Pot, but realised that he didn’t even have the Spiritual Qi needed to do it, let alone opening his storage pouch.

“No matter what secrets you possess, once you die, everything will be mine.” Chen Heng was panting, similarly exhausted in this moment. However, he was still in a slightly better condition than Bai Xiaochun. He glared at Bai Xiaochun, falling silent for a few breaths, and after which, with much difficulty, he got up and took a longsword out of his storage pouch, then walked towards Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun also stared at Chen Heng without a speaking anything. There was a vacant look in his eyes as he thought about his village, Zhang Fatso One, Li Qinghou, the Spirit River Sect, and many more figures. Du Lingfei, Hou Yunfei, Hou Xiaomei…

Step by step, Chen Heng walked in front of Bai Xiaochun, lowering his head as he looked down at Bai Xiaochun who was filled with a deathly atmosphere. He had seen through the fact that Bai Xiaochun’s whole body was already wasted to the point that he was not even able to open his storage pouch, and the Spiritual Qi in his body was completely depleted.

“Remember my name. The person who killed you is… Chen Heng from the Fallen Chen Clan.” Chen Heng slowly raised the sword in his hands. The sword that would normally fly about with a wave of his sleeve now felt heavy in his hands.

“Killing a Heaven’s Chosen feels great.” Chen Heng resisted the exhaustion prompting him to fall into unconsciousness, and with a ferocious look in his eyes, the right hand holding the longsword fiercely struck down on Bai Xiaochun’s chest.

But just when Chen Heng struck at Bai Xiaochun, Bai Xiaochun’s only useable left arm suddenly jabbed the ground nearby. A cracking sound spread as the bone in his arm immediately broke. The sharp tip of a bone jutted out of his skin, extending to a more than three cun.

(ED note: one cun is 1/100 of a zhang)

In the next moment, he lifted his body up, then he brandished his left arm as fast as the remaining bits of his strength allowed. In the instant that the longsword pierced through his chest, his arm landed on Chen Heng’s neck and the tip of the bone… pierced directly into the other side of Chen Heng’s neck.

After completing all of this, Bai Xiaochun collapsed. His breath was fleeting as he fell completely unconscious.

Chen Heng was shocked, all of this happened too fast, allowing him no time to react whatsoever. His exhausted body could not avoid it at all. Blood flowed from both his mouth and neck, covering the ground around him. He wanted to stop the blood, but it just kept flowing. He stared blankly at the sharp tip of Bai Xiaochun’s bone protruding from the left arm that was stained with blood. It was absurd, it was ridiculous; his eyes revealed dissatisfaction with the outcome. His future, his mission, all of it had just turned into a miserable laughter.

“Was that… the final strike...” Chen Heng staggered back a few steps and slowly collapsed, breathing his last breath. Even in death, both his eyes were still wide open.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 - Using a Sledgehammer to Kill a Chicken!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 62 - Using a Sledgehammer to Kill a Chicken!

It was unknown when the thunderstorm had let up in the depths of the forest in that nameless mountain range. At dusk, the rain finally stopped, and no matter how dull the sunset was in the distance, a rainbow could still be vaguely seen.

The rainbow seemed to follow the sunset before it gradually scattered.

The forest was silent, even the metallic smell of blood had dissipated. There were only corpses along the way to lay witness to the fierce fight that had transpired here.

Chen Heng had fallen to the ground. Even in his death, traces of willpower, unwillingness and incredulity could still be seen.

Bai Xiaochun lay motionless beside his corpse. If his life was a ball of fire, then this ball of fire had already been extinguished by more than ninety percent, leaving only a small flame behind, struggling to survive.

After a long time, footsteps arrived from the distance, stepping on the fallen leaves that were submerged in the mud. They were approaching slowly with each step until they stood in front of Chen Heng.

The footsteps belonged to an old man that was wearing a long black robe. His white hair swayed in the wind and wrinkles adorned his face. The years his body had experienced could not be concealed, as if he had lived for far too long on this world to the extent that those years of experience had turned into a stale air, enveloping his surroundings.

“An obsessive soul… The body is dead, yet the soul still lingers. This might still have its use.” A hoarse voice that carried a vague meaning echoed out. Suddenly, the area between the eyebrows of Chen Heng’s corpse was split open, and wisps of cyan-coloured Qi drifted out until it condensed in mid-air, forming a blurry shadow of a soul the size of a palm.

That was Chen Heng, but there was a dazed look in his eyes, and he was trembling as if he had lost his sanity.

The old man raised his right hand and pointed towards Chen Heng. Chen Heng’s soul immediately flew out and entered the old man’s finger, disappearing without a trace.

Once this mysterious old man retrieved Chen Heng’s soul, he turned his head around and quietly looked at Bai Xiaochun with a perplexed look on his face. Gradually, his eyes revealed that he was recalling past memories.

“I never thought that I would once again get to see… the Unending Longevity Technique…” The old man closed his eyes and lightly sighed a long while later. This sigh seemed to alter the surrounding space, making this area seem like time was not flowing normally, completely separated from the world.

Countless trees swayed, and in the blink of an eye, all of them stilled and turned to ash.

It could be seen with a naked eye that Chen Heng’s corpse was decaying, in a few breaths, his whole body would turn into bones then to dust, fusing with the mud.

Only Bai Xiaochun did not decay. Instead, there was a huge amount of invisible vitality that approached him, merging with him and rapidly repairing his heavily injured body.

The old man stood there with his eyes closed like a statue, not moving a single inch. If one looked closely, it was as though… he had neither breathed, nor lived. His whole being seemed to be non-existent in this world, just like a remnant soul that was unwilling to be reborn.

In the moment of Chen Heng’s death, the patriarch of the Fallen Chen Clan who was inside the Fallen Star Mountain Range suddenly opened his eyes as a sense of uneasiness rose in his heart. His gaze swept across the surrounding clansmen. Even though he had seen that most of the eleven clansmen that were sent out had died out, Chen Heng’s soul plate was still intact and this slightly settled his heart.

“It was only three outer sect disciples. How could it take this long… Moreover, a lot of our clansmen have died, but with Heng-Er’s cultivation, there shouldn’t have been anything capable of opposing them. Perhaps Heng-Er has already killed the three juniors and is currently on his way back.” When the patriarch of the Fallen Chen Clan was pondering, that feeling of uneasiness remained. His eyes flashed and he again dispatched a couple seventh level Qi Condensation clansmen to go outside and search.

After doing all of this, he took a deep breath with glaring eyes.

“No matter what, there is still one day left to succeed with the blood-reversal!” The patriarch from the Fallen Chen Clan gritted his teeth and suppressed the uneasiness. He understood that he had no other choice. All he had to do was endure one more day and… everything would be over!

Meanwhile, in a mountain valley less than ten li away from the edge of the Formation Array set by the Fallen Chen Clan’s patriarch. Hou Yunfei’s face was pale, he was unable to continue further. Blood seeped out of his mouth and he collapsed with bitterness on his face.

“Junior Bai… I am sorry for not being able to save you…” Before he passed out, he clenched his fist tightly as despair and helplessness filled his heart.

In another place, Du Lingfei was dishevelled and was extremely haggard. The meridians in her whole body had been broken, and her appearance was different from her usual radiant and enchanting self.

She was like a walking corpse with both her eyes lifeless, relying on her astonishing willpower to support her. She was staggering, holding a jade slip in her hands. There was only one thought burning in her mind in that moment.

Escape and deliver a message to the Sect and save… Bai Xiaochun.

One step at a time, when she fell, she would rise back up again. Even if her clothes were torn to shreds, even if the blood was drying up, and even if her sight had long since blurred, she still… pushed forward.

Time slowly passed, Du Lingfei had long since forgotten about the injuries on her body as well as her own life. She did not know how long she had been walking for, not until one step, when her body suddenly shook. She felt as if she had just emerged above the water’s surface, and for a split second, an intense look appeared in her lifeless eyes.

“Have I escaped…” Du Lingfei’s lips were dry and cracked. Shivering, she pinched the jade slip in her hands. The jade slip that had not worked in the past two weeks suddenly vibrated. An invisible link that seemed to cut through space had… connected her and the sect together.

“The Fallen Chen Clan has betrayed the sect. Senior Feng died in combat. It is unknown whether Senior Hou is dead or alive. Junior Bai… In order to save us, he has lured the enemy away and is currently being hunted down. Disciple Du Lingfei begs the sect to… quickly send reinforcements.” Once Du Lingfei transmitted the voice message, her body suddenly went limp. She sat there, looking back at the battlefield behind her, tears streaming down her face.

She could not forget Bai Xiaochun’s blood-iron figure as he came back for them. She could not forget the tragic Bai Xiaochun heading out to lure the Fallen Chen Clan away, she could not forget anything that had happened along the way.

“Junior Bai, Senior Brother Hou… Live on…” Du Lingfei was crying. Her tears were falling on the ground unrestrained. After a few moments, she was no longer capable of supporting herself as she fainted.

In the instant that Du Lingfei relayed the message to the Sect, the mission-monument on the South Bank of the Scented Cloud Mountain in the Spirit River Sect was abnormally lively. A lot of Outer Sect Disciples were pacing up and downwind inside the deepest part of this Department, a middle-aged man wearing a Daoist robe was organising the Sect’s missions. There were thousands upon thousands of jade slips in front of him. Whenever any disciples took on a mission, the jade slips here would record it at any time.

Suddenly, one of the jade slips flashed with a brilliant light. A middle-aged young man waved his hand like usual, and the jade slip flew into his hands. After he used his spiritual sense to sweep the contents of the jade tablet, his eyes widened and he abruptly stood up.

“The Fallen Chen Clan has betrayed the sect!” His breathing was heavy. This matter was too great, regardless whether it was true or false, he still had to immediately report it. If there was anyone that dared to suppress such news, then it would be judged as treason and they would be executed. The middle-aged man dared not to delay such news any longer and immediately took out a purple-coloured jade slip, quickly relaying the message.

This report was transmitted directly to the Law Enforcement Agency. Even though Qian Dajin was part of the Law Enforcement Agency, his status was rather low, so this matter was far from his jurisdiction. Once the whole Law Enforcement Agency received this report, they were immediately began to search for information. The effectiveness of this Law Enforcement Agency which was meant to protect the Spirit River Sect reached unprecedented heights in this moment.

It only took an incense’s worth of time before this report was verified to be the truth.

Soon, the sound of war drums resounded in the entire South Bank, shocking all of its disciples even though the outer sect disciples did not know what this sound entailed. When the inner sect disciples from the three mountains on the South Bank heard the sound of this war drum, their expressions paled and raised their heads abruptly.

“What is going on?”

“The war drums are beating. Until blood deluges, or until we’re obliterated, the sect will not turn its back! Heavens…”

While everyone was shocked, an aged yet awe-inspiring voice suddenly spread throughout the whole South Bank of the Spirit River Sect.

“The is Elder Ou Yangjie from the Law Enforcement Agency. All inner sect disciples from the South Bank of all three Mountains are to cease all activities and assemble in front of the gate within twenty breaths!

Without fail!”

After the words echoed out, all inner sect disciples from the Green Peak Mountain, the Scented Cloud Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain shuddered. Regardless of what they were doing, they all hastily rushed out without any hesitation.

Even if there was an even larger matter at hand, none of them dared to delay in the slightest,because the name Ou Yangjie represented the Law Enforcement Agency’s elders as well as… Ruthlessness!

He had a Taoist name called Taoist Chai. Once he appeared, it meant that something had made the sect so furious that they needed to… exterminate an entire clan.

Three loud bangs rumbled out as countless shadows whistled past, heading straight for the gate. At a glance, what seemed like one or two thousand inner sect disciples from all the three Mountains located on the South Bank had appeared. Usually, one would only be able to see a few inner sect disciples, and therefore, seeing all of them appear at the same time shocked all of the outer sect disciples.

The disciples from the Law Enforcement Agency, numbering in the hundreds, all clad in black robes were the first to rush out. Their leader was an old man with red hair whipping about. His whole being was overflowing with killing intent. That man was Ou Yangjie.

In this moment, more than two thousand people surrounded the gate, all of them wearing serious expressions.

“The Fallen Chen Clan has betrayed the sect. By the orders of the Sect Leader we will… completely exterminate the clan, not even the chickens nor the dogs are to be spared! We’ll use the Zhong Dao portal!” Ou Yangjie flourished his large sleeve and a pillar of light immediately shot out from the top of Zhong Dao Mountain, which was located in the middle of the Spirit River Sect, with a tremor.

The pillar of light immediately transformed into an enormous Transportation Array, slowly descending to the ground. More than two thousand disciples clustered around the gate, clamoring as the transportation was soon about to commence.

All of the outer sect disciples from the South Bank sucked in a deep breath. Immense pride and sense of belonging to the sect rose in their hearts as they watched this scene.

The Fallen Chen Clan, compared to the Spirit River Sect, was only a small clan that had only a single Foundation Establishment cultivator. Now, the Spirit River Sect had actually mobilised more than two thousand people just for some followers. Even the vicious Ou Yangjie had made an appearance which meant that this was obviously to... inspire fear!

Terrorising all of the cultivator clans within the Spirit River Sect’s influence with force was not a question as to “why use a sledgehammer to kill a chicken”, but it was a “must use a sledgehammer to kill a chicken!”

Yet for the sect to mobilise such an enormous force, regardless of the expenditure, even for mere followers, their sense of belonging was at its peak.

The Spirit River Sect had not deteriorated in ten thousand years and had slowly progressed from a small sect to what it is today. Naturally, it must have its own surprises!

It was during this time that Li Qinghou’s face suddenly turned deathly pale in a big temple on the peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain. His figure flashed as he headed out. In this moment, an astonishingly vicious Qi exploded out from his body, forming a gale which spread around as he headed straight for the Formation Array.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

ED Note: If you guys haven’t seen, a few days ago, the donation bar was at 75 dollars. We have confirmed that the 45 dollars addition was a bug in the system and the mods have already fixed it back to 30. For this week, we only have one sponsored chapter in queue.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 - Crushing the Fallen Chen Clan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 63 - Crushing the Fallen Chen Clan

In an instant, Li Qinghou was already standing in the formation array. His expression was solemn, and his entire being was burning with viciousness.

Ou Yangjie glanced at him, his pupils slightly shrinking. In the entire South Bank, from the ancestors of all three mountains, this was the person he was most concerned with. He was also one of the most formidable in the entire Spirit River Sect.

Not only was he a medicine master, Li Qinghou was a gifted man, an extremely rare genius. Only a hundred years were needed for him to reach the later stages of Foundation Establishment. Even in the inner sect, he was seen as one of the few hopes of achieving a breakthrough from the Foundation Establishment to the Gold Core.

“I heard one of the four outer sect disciples has connections with Li Qinghou…” Ou Yangjie was thinking when the formation array began rumbling, emitting a blinding light. A deafening sound echoed and more than two thousand people, along with Ou Yangjie and Li Qinghou, instantly disappeared.

What took Bai Xiaochun’s group three months to reach, with the teleportation formation array of the Spirit River Sect, took only a couple breaths.

A hum and a lightning crackling appeared above the unconscious Du Lingfei as the sky suddenly darkened. The many clouds were suddenly torn apart as if giant hands had swept it away, and the outline of a large formation array appeared.

It violently slammed on the ground, engraving itself onto the earth, shaking the ground in a hundred li radius. In the next moment, the lands cracked into the formation’s pattern.

(ED note: one li is 576 meters, or 630 yards)

The trees, rocks, and mountains within this radius vanished without a trace. The power of the formation array was too overwhelming, instantly bringing desolation when it landed.

As for the area Du Lingfei was in, it was protected as soon as the formation array appeared, preventing even the slightest injury. After the impact, the blurry figures of those transported started forming.

Soon, the place was filled with more than two thousand of the South Bank’s inner sect disciples, the power of teleportation still lingering in their bodies, enough for one more teleportation. Ou Yangjie and Li Qinghou quickly approached the unconscious Du Lingfei, where a couple female inner sect disciples were already giving her recovery medicine and covered her with clothes. Du Lingfei slowly opened her eyes in a daze, seeing the crowd of the sect’s disciples. She started crying, overwhelmed by relief.

Especially to her as an outer sect disciple of the Scented Cloud Mountain, seeing Li Qinghou appear with the rest of the Scented Cloud Mountain, caused even more tears to flow as she opened her mouth to speak.

“Ancestor, help Junior Brother Bai…” Du Lingfei was pale, her voice was filled with desperation.

“What happened to Bai Xiaochun?!” Li Qinghou stepped forward, quickly appearing in front of her, anger and restlessness burning in his eyes.

“Brother Bai… he… he flew away by himself to save me and Elder Brother Hou Yunfei, luring away the Fallen Chen clansmen that were chasing us…” Du Lingfei wept, explaining everything she had experienced with Bai Xiaochun in their journey.

Most of the disciples were oblivious to who Bai Xiaochun was. As they listened to her story, however, they were all moved and heaved a sigh.

Feng Yan had died to protect his companions, while Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei barely escaped death. The Fallen Chen Clan had dispatched two groups of people, many of whom at the eight and even one at the ninth level of Qi Condensation…

This sort of relentless pursuit, for any other inner sect disciple alone, would be a certain death.

Du Lingfei’s tale told them of a man possessing extraordinary loyalty to his companions, a near-selfless saint.

Abandoning his chances of escaping, he had returned for his companions, killing his way through many formidable foes as he carried two heavily injured companions, running for half a month close to a ten thousand li radius.

In the end, he had managed to give his companions hope by luring the pursuers after him, leaving Du Lingfei to expose the betrayal of the Fallen Chen Clan to the otherwise oblivious sect.

Slowly, the image of Bai Xiaochun was imprinted in the hearts of the inner sect disciples, without a doubt, he was an unwavering hero.

Even those from the enforcement department were taken aback by the tale, Qian Dajin included. He blinked, finding it hard to associate what Du Linfei described as Bai Xiaochun with what he once thought to be a mischievous and shrewd disciple from the few investigations he conducted when he thought that Bai Xiaochun might be the Little Turtle. But he was a petty and selfish man filled with hatred. He’d rather have the wrong man killed than to risk sparing the Little Turtle. He felt relieved that with Feng Yan’s death, it wouldn’t be traced back to him.

When the cold-blooded Ou Yangjie heard this, he sighed deeply. His eyes had a hint of respect in them, with his high cultivation level, he could tell that Du Lingfei was telling the truth. He also felt that Du Lingfei knew only half of what happened.

“A disciple like this… the Spirit River Sect will not let him fall here!” Ou Yangjie tossed his sleeve to his side, quickly arranging hundreds of his inner sect disciples to search for Hou Yunfei and Bai Xiaochun.

Silent, Li Qinghou raised his head, his eyes slightly bloodshot. He was bitter, he felt he treated Bai Xiaochun unjustly, but his experience also told him that the odds for Bai Xiaochun’s survival were... almost nonexistent.

“I brought you to this mountain…” Li Qinghou’s body flashed, bursting into light as his body took a step forward, using up the remnants of the teleportation energy to transport the disciples around him to the Fallen Chen Clan.

Ou Yangjie sighed, hearing Du Lingfei’s words, he too knew that Bai Xiaochun’s chances of survival were extremely slim. With a flash, his body joined the the two thousand disciples and teleported.

The skies rumbled as Li Qinghou and Ou Yangjie brought two thousand inner sect disciples and descended to the Fallen Chen mansion.

The clouds were sundered and tremors ran through the ground as the mansion was filled with shocked cries. The moment the outline of the formation array appeared right above of the Fallen Chen mansion.

Boom, boom, boom!

The formation array engraved itself on the ground, the jade stones paved around the mansion disintegrating into ash. The entire mansion shook and subsequently collapsed.

Angered cries came out of the mansion, and many figures bursted out, furious and desperate, their voices were shaky.

The stone lions in front of the main door along with the fruit trees of the mansion all quickly turned into puppets, ravaging the area. Li Qinghou stepped forth and crushed the two lions with a wave of his sleeve, shaking the fruit trees, causing the puppets to fall and instantly be destroyed by the disciples.

The land shook as the fight turned to a slaughter, the Spirit River Sect disciples surrounded the entire area.

Li Qinghou headed for the mansion’s ruins. He formed a hand seal and a cyan fire spread, his hair was whipping as an earth-shaking might had appeared out of his body.

A sea of fire swept through the ruins, the emerging clansmen’s screams sounded as their bodies were incinerated, instantly turning into ashes.

Li Qinghou then slammed his right foot on the ground, the land beneath him cracked open, forming a large fissure in which the underground palace could be seen.

The lake of blood in the underground palace suddenly rose as the elders of the Fallen Chen Clan hastily emerged.

Upon seeing Li Qinghou, their faces were filled by despair. The sudden attack of the Spirit River Sect was simply too strong for their incomplete formation array. If it was someone else, they could have used their preparations to deal with them, but the ones that appeared were actually Ou Yangjie and Li Qinghou.

They anxiously backed away, wretched cries leaving their mouths.

“Run, as long as even a few escape, run!”

All of the inhabitants of the underground palace ran, trembling. At the command of the expressionless Ou Yangjie, the inner sect disciples charged.

With cold eyes, Li Qinghou stared at the lake of blood. Ou Yangjie too was filled with rage when he noticed it.

“This clan will be wiped out, even if it’s the last thing we do.” Li Qinghou swept with his sleeve and the sea of fire surged.

At the same time, endless screams could be heard as the Spirit River Sect disciples continued their advance. It was no longer a slaughter - it was a massacre.

Two thousand people were chasing down a couple hundred.

The elders of the Fallen Chen Clan ran even faster as their clan was being wiped out. As for their sons and daughters and other clan members, they simultaneously fell beneath the might of the Spirit River Sect’s purge.

Just as Li Qinghou was chasing, another rumble echoed behind him, heralding a sea of fire, fast, strong and overwhelming, it enveloped the the patriarch. Li Qinghou’s eyes were cold as he raised his right hand and clenched it.

Boom.

The patriarch’s screams echoed, his body completely red in one moment, then it turned to ash in the next. Li Qinghou had killed him... in a single move!

This scene had made the surrounding disciples take a deep breath, even Ou Yangjie’s eyes widened as he stared at Li Qinghou in shock.

Floating in mid-air, Li Qinghou swept his hand and a sea of fire erupted once again, enveloping the entire the Fallen Chen Clan. He gazed at the horizon and sighed.

“Bai Xiaochun, I, Li Qinghou… apologize to your Bai family.” Bitter, he headed out into the distance, unsatisfied with handling the task of searching for Bai Xiaochun to anyone else. So long as there was a glimmer of hope, he intended to search as well.

As Li Qinghou disappeared into the distance, reflected in the lingering vicious flames was the excitement of the inner sect disciples. The stronger their sect grew, the brighter their future would be.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6th guaranteed chapter of the week. One more later.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 - Spirit and Funeral
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 64 - Spirit and Funeral

“Spread out, search for Bai Xiaochun! Whoever finds him will be rewarded with contribution points by me personally! Any Fallen Chen Clan members you see on your search are to be exterminated!” Ou Yangjie glanced at the retreating Li Qinghou, the surrounding disciples immediately spreading out after his command.

Ten thousand mile radius, two thousand disciples. The search lasted for a whole month.

(ED note: one li is 576 meters, or 630 yards)

At the end of the month, the area was almost completely covered, yet there were no signs of Bai Xiaochun. They did find, however, the bodies of the Fallen Chen clansmen killed by Bai Xiaochun, discovering the causes of their deaths, shocking more and more of the disciples.

Many of the bodies were killed with a single move, puzzling the disciples as to how a sixth level Qi Condensation outer sect disciple had managed to do it.

Qian Dajin was troubled, suddenly thinking that it would be great if Bai Xiaochun had already truly died. He did not want someone so fierce and as his opponent and Li Qinghou’s anger too had disturbed him greatly. He groaned inwardly.

“Damn it, if you had such a background, why didn’t you mention it? If you did, I would have never involved myself with you!”

The tragic condition of the three eighth level Qi Condensation corpses of the Fallen Chen clansmen in the forest of the nameless mountain were especially hard to forget, causing the minds of those who found them to tremble.

One month of searching finally convinced them that Bai Xiaochun… was probably dead, in this nameless forest where monsters dwell, there were simply too many methods for a person’s corpse to disappear.

They also knew that the one after Bai Xiaochun was most likely at the ninth level of Qi Condensation and realised that Bai Xiaochun was… dead.

After a month, the search was concluded and the disciples returned to the sect. They did find Hou Yunfei, his heavy injuries were healed by the sect with no effort spared.

Hou Yunfei and Du Lingfei’s contribution to the sect was greatly rewarded, but they found no pride nor happiness in it, only sorrowful memories.

They were unwilling to return to the sect, but their wounds were too severe. Li Qinghou was the only person who stayed after the disciples’ departure. He searched for two whole months in the nameless forests, thoroughly searching everywhere except where even he was incapable of reaching. It was clear to him that Bai Xiaochun was here, but he just couldn’t find him. It was as if Bai Xiaochun only appeared to be in the forests, but in actuality, he seemed to be in another world.

He had also encountered many powerful monsters, battling them had resulting in a few injuries. After two months had passed, he found blood on the branches of a tree, along with a torn piece of a robe.

“If I hadn’t brought you to the mountain…” Li Qinghou closed his eyes, picturing Bai Xiaochun on top of a mountain, with a fearful expression. The moment he pulled him from the peak and into the outer sect… The ten stone tablets…

His sigh spread in the silence as his appearance became older. He took the fabric and put it together with seven others, all smeared with blood

Li Qinghou silently exited the forest, transformed into a rainbow, and flew away.

The Fallen Chen Clan’s betrayal ended with the wrathful display of the Spirit River Sect’s power, utterly annihilating the traitors. The news spread, and when the four continents’ masses of cultivator clan and sects discovered the Fallen Chen Clan’s ultimate demise, they felt a stronger wariness for the Spirit River Sect.

As for the cause of the household’s decision to commit the betrayal, Spirit River Sect investigations uncovered many clues - the Blood Pulse Mark was only a part of it, a deeper reason lay beneath it, shocking the entire sect.

Had the Spirit River Sect not prevented the Fallen Chen Clan from succeeding, the result would have been a dire catastrophe involving all of the cultivator clans around the Spirit River Sect. It would have resulted into betrayals from one clan after another with irreversible consequences, shaking the entire sect.

Du Lingfei and the others had contributed greatly to preventing the disaster, Bai Xiaochun in particular. Without him, the information would have trouble reaching the sect in time.

Bai Xiaochun sacrificing his chance of survival for the greater goal of luring away the enemy had made its way to many hearts. The world of cultivation was filled with selfish people, and those like Bai Xiaochun were a very few. The fall of someone like him pained even the sect’s elders.

There was a lot behind the incident. As more information was uncovered, silence plagued the Spirit River Sect, for some reason, the sect had ceased further investigations, but the Foundation Establishment elders remained vigilant.

A storm… was brewing.

The seven ancestors of the South Bank and the North Bank, along with the many elders, came to a consensus after days of discussion and investigation.

Du Lingfei, Hou Yunfei, the fallen Feng Yan, Bai Xiaochun… They were all heroes, Bai Xiaochun in particular. His was the greatest contribution of all.

“Before the storm comes, we need… a surge of spirit. The spirit of the Spirit River Sect, the will to avenge Bai Xiaochun, who, with his small life, rendered such a great service to the entire sect. His funeral will be carried out so such a great contribution; those which greatly benefitted the sect, will eternally remain with the sect!” Those were words of the Spirit River Sect’s Sect Head, Zheng Yuandong.

In the following days, the sect halted all investigations regarding the reasons for the Fallen Chen Clan’s betrayal. They did, however, used this incident to spread the tale of Bai Xiaochun, praising his selfless actions for the greater good of the sect.

His story was known to all disciples in both the South and the North Bank. All of them knew what he had done for his companions and for the sect.

At the same time, the fervor of the disciples continued to burn. Li Qinghou alone was enough to destroy the clan, but two thousand disciples of the South Bank were still sent following him making it seem like ‘using a sledgehammer to kill a chicken’. It was a massacre of matchless and helpless livestock.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s name was instilled in of all the disciples by the sect’s deliberate promotion of Bai Xiaochun but... this also filled all the disciples with zeal.

This is the Spirit River Sect with ten thousand years of tradition!

A finger laid on our disciple will be paid back with rivers of blood!

This was true for every Spirit River Sect disciple. When they were away from the sect, the disciple was never alone, it had the backing of the entire Spirit River Sect.

And this assurance had grown into a strong sense of belonging, to the point where all disciples were willing to sacrifice everything, including their lives, to defend their sect, to defend their home.

This, was the Spirit River Sect... ten thousand years ago, it was but a small sect, less than a dozen strong.

As for the death of Bai Xiaochun, the ancestors summoned an elder masterful in the art of deducing the heavens, personally casting spells and reading the signs of heaven. Traces of Bai Xiaochun’s existence, unfortunately, were not found, only the scent of decay, confirming for the sect... that Bai Xiaochun … was dead.

A few days later, in the early morning, rain poured from the sky. Each raindrop landed with a sorrowful tune. Crowds of disciples were draped in black robes, silently leaving their homes to gather at the hillside of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

A tombstone lay there, with a portrait of Bai Xiaochun’s joyfully laughing.

Zhang Fatso One stood in the crowd, looking at the amount of people who came, and turned to the tombstone with the name ‘Bai Xiaochun’ imprinted on it. Rain fell, soaking his clothes, as tears flowed his face. The memories he had with Bai Xiaochun, eating stolen spirit fruits together, laughing together, selling the promotional positions together, stealing chickens together…

“Fatso Nine…” Zhang Fatso One’s eyes reflected his sorrow, and his broken heart. It was as if his whole world had become darker.

The other fatsos from the Burning Stoves Kitchen were also present, including Black Fatso Three, tears running down their faces.

Xu Baocai, Chen Zi’ang, Zhao Yiduo, Elder Xu, Elder Zhou, all the people Bai Xiaochun had met after going up the mountain, all the people who knew him… all of them mourned.

Zhou Xinqi had come as well. She stared silently at the tombstone. After hearing the story, the first thing she could think of was the passion with which he had guarded the Spirit Tailed Chickens.

Hou Yunfei was leaning on Hou Xiaomei as they stood in the crowd, his fist curled tightly, his body trembling, filled with grief.

“Junior Brother Bai…” Hou Yunfei smiled bitterly. He had drowned himself with alcohol the day he returned to the sect, unable to rid himself of the image of Bai Xiaochun luring the enemies away.

More and more people gathered, covering the hillside, all staring at the tombstone in silence.

Du Lingfei was pale as she stood in the front, rain covered her face, a rain of tears, as she looked on in a trance, her usually beautiful face now scarred by sorrow.

“You could have survived… I live on, but you…”

Du Lingfei sobbed. The last few days she looked emaciated, the iron-blooded figure of Bai Xiaochun returning to save them appeared in her dreams again and again. The scenes stabbed her heart like knives, times and times again as tears flowed.

The funeral knells weighted in the air as multiple rainbows heralded the arrival of the ancestors of the seven mountains. The Spirit River Sect’s elders and Sect Head were all draped in black, sorrowfully looking at the tombstone.

Li Qinghou’s heart was filled with bitterness and remorse.

“Bai Xiaochun, the Spirit River Sect Scented Cloud Mountain’s outer sect disciple. His abilities and strength allowed him to take down many of the Fallen Chen traitors, and his great selflessness allowed him to sacrifice his very life for the good of the sect. We have gathered here today as fellow disciples of the Spirit River Sect to let Bai Xiaochun’s name never fade!” The Sect Head said, his voice echoing out.

Yet their voices were as sorrowful as they were strong. Du Lingfei’s tears flowed uncontrollably, Hou Yunfei, Zhang Fatso One and many others too had tears streaming down their faces.

“On this day, we bestow Bai Xiaochun with a special title - Honourable Disciple of the Spirit River Sect!” The voice echoed out once again, startling the crowd, the title ‘Honourable Disciple’ filling them with shock.

‘Honourable Disciple’ was the highest honorary title of the sect, a unique title above the inner sect disciples, equal to the inherent titles. For the dead, it was the ultimate Honour.

In the past ten thousand years, only nine had received the title of Honourable Disciple, all of them receiving it for a great contribution after dying in a battle. Today, Bai Xiaochun was the tenth.

No one thought it was inappropriate, it was exchanged with Bai Xiaochun’s life.

“Bai Xiaochun has sacrificed too soon after entering the sect, without even taking a master. For this selfless child, I will not let him wander the realm of the dead alone, today, on behalf of my deceased master Ling Luo, I take Bai Xiaochun as his disciple, may he pursue the Dao in the afterworld.” After the Sect Head finished the painful opening, Li Qinghou nodded his head softly, looking at the tombstone with a sad gaze.

“A moment of silence… everyone.” The Sect Head closed his eyes, lowering his head as the disciples followed suit.

After a few breaths, the moment of silence had ended, Du Lingfei weeped silently.

Just as everyone had lapsed in silence, in the nameless forests, Bai Xiaochun’s eyebrow twitched. He slowly opened his eyes and sneezed.

(ED note: in some asian cultures, a superstition exists that a person sneezes when people are speaking of them)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7th guaranteed chapter of the week and last of today! Thank you for reading, I hope you all enjoyed it!

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 - Shou Lingren
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 65 - Shou Lingren

(ED Note: Shou Lingren could also be translated as Mausoleum Guard. Once he appear in the future again, we would definitely double check which is which, however, for this chapter, we have determined that Shou Lingren as a name was used.)

As he sneezed, Bai Xiaochun awoke from his slumber. He was still unconsciousness due to his heavy injuries before he had fainted. Just as he awakened, he unconsciously hugged his left arm, letting out a scream. But he stopped just as quickly, looked down at his left arm in surprise, and then proceeded to inspect his body, touching here and poking there, and even raised his clothing to reveal his tender stomach.

“Eh? Where are my wounds?” There was horror in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes as he recalled the old man from the village saying that when people died, their soul would enter the underworld. Seeing his body have no wounds on it, he thought that clearly, only his soul had remained… He trembled and raised his head, looking at his surroundings. He realised that the surroundings were desolate. Grass and trees alike had all withered away, and even Chen Heng’s corpse had disappeared.

When Bai Xiaochun looked into the distance, he noticed only mist surrounding him, he could barely see a blur in the distance. His ragged breaths filled the surroundings, his whole body felt cold.

“It’s over, it’s over… I had stayed safe for the entirety of my little life, but this time, I threw my little life away…” Bai Xiaochun was even more certain now, he was scared out of his own wits as he wailed in despair.

“I have not yet given Du Lingfei the chance to repay me with her body… Senior Brother Hou had also made a promise with me… People still don’t know that I am the Little Turtle. I haven’t eaten enough Spirit Tailed Chickens yet. I… I have not achieved immortality…” The more Bai Xiaochun thought about it, the more depressed he got. Tears had gathered in his eyes.

As he was venting his grievances, suddenly… a cough sounded behind him.

This cough came so abruptly that Bai Xiaochun jumped in fright. He abruptly scrambled forward and tumbled before he turned around as a wooden sword appeared in his hands.

“Who!” Bai Xiaochun spoke with a shrill voice as he noticed an old man wearing a long black robe standing like a corpse exactly where he was previously at, staring at him.

The air of death lingering on his body was particularly obvious, especially with the old man’s pale and wrinkled face, it was as though he had just crawled out from his grave. In addition to the strangeness of the surroundings, it made one’s skin crawl.

After Bai Xiaochun could see clearly, he felt his hair stood on end as countless myths about vengeful ghosts filled his mind. But as soon as he remembered that he was supposed to be dead, he calmed down, raised his chin and snorted as he stood up from the ground.

“Okay, so you’re a ghost. I’m also a ghost. After all, I’ve already died. Everyone’s a ghost. Who’s afraid of whom?” Bai Xiaochun walked in front of the old man and circled around him once, producing a buzzing noise.

“You must be this nameless mountain range’s ghost. Don’t fret. I was just passing by and happened to die here by chance and will be gone in a jiffy. Alas, I do not know whether I will be able to continue cultivating immortality after I have become a ghost in order to become an immortal ghost.” Once Bai Xiaochun reached this point, sorrow resurfaced in his heart and he sighed.

The black-robed old man frowned and looked at Bai Xiaochun, then he spoke with a hoarse voice.

“Are you really that desperate to die?”

Bai Xiaochun blanked out before an idea occurred to him, and he suddenly bit his tongue. After he felt the sharp stab of pain, in disbelief, he bit his tongue again. This time, it was so painful that even tears flowed out of his eyes, but his expression turned wild with joy and he danced as he howled loudly towards the sky.

“I did not die!!! Haha, I, Bai Xiaochun, am unparalleled in my cultivation, unrivalled under the heavens. How could I die!” Bai Xiaochun tried to pull the old man’s arm in front of him in excitement, but his hand passed right through the other party’s body in an instant, grabbing only thin air. Only a strong chill was felt when he touched the old man.

“Ah…” Bai Xiaochun stiffened. He looked up at the old man, staring at him blankly. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened and he screamed while quickly backing away.

“It’s a ghost!” Just now, he thought that he had really died, so it didn’t matter, but now, he was really frightened and even more stories of vicious vengeful ghosts flowed in his mind.

He backed away until he reached the boundary of the mist. There was an invisible wall that prevented him from escaping. He leaned against the wall and shakily held the small wooden sword. Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes as big as he could, ideas spinning in his mind. In the end, he looked pitifully at the black-robed old man.

“Grandfather, if you have any unfulfilled desires, I, Bai Xiaochun, will definitely help you fulfil it…”

The black-robed old man had a strange look on his face as he looked closely at Bai Xiaochun. He felt as if the boy before his eyes and the iron-blooded man from before were two different people, and slowly, he fell deep in thought.

“Perhaps such people are most suited to cultivate the Unending Longevity Technique…” The Elder softly mumbled to himself. He shook his head with a smile on his face, feeling relieved. Turning around, he flew off into the distance.

“The Unending Longevity Technique is separated into the Unending Scroll and the Longevity Scroll. There are five volumes for both the Unending Technique and the Longevity Technique… The one that you have cultivated is the most wide-spread first volume of the Unending Technique, the Impenetrable Skin Technique. These days, some who have mastered the Iron Skin can still be found, as for those who have mastered the Bronze Skin, they are truly rare, almost nonexistent!” The black-robed old man was gradually moving further away, but his voice was still carried to Bai Xiaochun, echoing beside his ear.

“The Unending Scroll is to break through life’s five greatest shackles. The Longevity Scroll is to crack eternity’s five greatest seals!”

“If you properly cultivate it, your Impenetrable Skin can reach the level of the Gold Skin, then you can reach the first restraint of life’s shackles. As for whether you can break through the shackles, it all depends on your luck.”

“We were destined to meet. I am giving this pill to you as a present. It can give you a little help in your breakthrough of the Impenetrable Skin Technique and mastering the Bronze Skin. I am giving you this jade slip, within it, the Unending Technique’s… second scroll is recorded, Indestructible Golden Body!

The Unending Longevity Technique is… extraordinary!” The old man was far away and his figure was vague, but following his lingering voice, two rainbows appeared for an instant and stopped in front of Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun’s mind shook and he looked at the old man’s disappearing back absentmindedly. He now realised why he didn’t die and why his wounds had all been healed. This person had saved him.

And the reason for that was… because he had cultivated the Unending Longevity Technique.

Even though Bai Xiaochun was afraid of death, he looked extremely favorably on kindness. He knew that with the wounds he previously sustained, he would have died nine times out of ten. His body shivered and he took a deep breath, bowing deeply in the direction that the old man had left in.

“Many thanks to senior for his kindness in saving me and passing on his knowledge. If Senior would please tell me his name…” Bai Xiaochun shouted out.

“This old man is … Shou Lingren.” The old man had already disappeared. His voice was faint and melancholic, as if it had travelled from ages long past.

Simultaneously, the mist barrier separating the surroundings emitted a “kaka” sound and broke apart in an instant. The mist dispersed, reconnecting this enclosed space with the outside world once again. A gust of wind passed, blowing Bai Xiaochun’s long hair. He raised his head and looked into the distance, remaining silent for a long time.

“The Unending Longevity Technique… life’s five greatest shackles, eternity’s five greatest seals?” He softly mumbled. Those were the things that he had never heard of before.

After half a day, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and looked at the pill and jade slip floating in front of him. He took the jade slip into his hands and scanned it with his spiritual sense, confirming that the contents of the second scroll of the Unending Technique were recorded within.

(ED note: we previously used “divine sense” once, that was a negligence on my part, I apologise to the readers for any confusing that might’ve caused. -Crimsonguard)

After stashing away the jade slip, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes fell on the pill. Even though he had become a Medicine Apprentice, he could not identify this pill’s grade. He held it in his hands and closely inspected it as he had a cautious personality. There was a thoughtful look in his eyes. He understood that if that black-robed senior wanted to harm him, there were countless ways to do so, therefore, this pill should only benefit him and not harm him.

As he was deep in thought, he looked around before stashing this pill as well. In a flash, he went outside, looking at the surrounding forest along the way with mixed feelings. There was now fear lingering in his heart as he recalled the extremely dangerous situation that he was in when he was previously in a fierce battle with the Fallen Chen Clansmen.

“I do not know how Senior Sister Du and Senior Brother Hou are doing… whether they managed to escape or not…” Bai Xiaochun was deep in thought. He had not taken out the jade slip to try and contact them from fear that if the Fallen Chen Clan had not been exterminated, then the transmission from the jade slip might cause some trouble. He now opened his storage pouch and took out Feng Yan’s Wind Rider. He toyed around with it a little and quickly realised that the boat can actually be used.

There was joy in his eyes as his expectations were confirmed. He was also not in a rush to leave, so he had searched for a cave in this mountain range to rest inside. He took out the Turtle-shell Pot and refined the pill that the black-robed old man had given him.

Very quickly, silver light radiated from the pill as three spiritual lines appeared on it. Bai Xiaochun held the pill with a decisive look in his eyes and swallowed it in one gulp. In the instant that he swallowed the pill, there was a rumbling that filled his body; it was as if a ball of fire had suddenly exploded and turned into an indescribable vitality Qi, spreading rapidly throughout his whole body.

His body shook and he clenched his teeth, persevering as he operated the Unending Longevity Technique and slapped his body. Gradually, the skin on his whole body was no longer pitch-black in colour as a bronze hue appeared. This bronze colour became more and more noticeable until finally, he practically looked like a bronze statue.

The power in his body soared, and a powerful feeling emerged from the bottom of his heart.

However, the effects of this pill did not end there. After Bai Xiaochun had refined it three times, this pill seemed to have achieved a shocking quality. When the skin on Bai Xiaochun’s body had completely turned bronze, his whole body suddenly trembled and a “kaka” sound could be heard, as if something broke.

In that moment, cracks had actually appeared on his skin. More and more of these cracks appeared with each passing minute. They became more and more densely packed until finally, they covered his entire body, the pain similarly intensified. But under Bai Xiaochun’s perseverance, silver light gradually appeared underneath those cracks.

The Impenetrable Skin was divided into four levels which were Iron, Bronze, Silver and Gold.

Even the black-robed old man was unable to foresee that with Bai Xiaochun’s refinement, the pill that he had given to Bai Xiaochun would actually have the Impenetrable Skin breakthrough once again after the Bronze Skin.

A rumbling sound echoed yet again within Bai Xiaochun’s body, and this time, it continued for several days. Even more cracks appeared on his skin until finally, it started falling off like moulting. Every fragment that fell off revealed skin that amazingly had a silver hue.

Ten more days had passed by the time Bai Xiaochun had shed the last fragment of skin on his body. His whole body was now emitting a silver glow from head to toe. Even though it was a faint silver colour, when he opened both of his eyes, even they had a silver glow to them.

His body flashed with an immense speed that set off a shocking ripping sound. It was obvious that his speed had more than doubled as compared to before.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flashed with ecstasy. He clenched his right hand into a fist and threw a punch at a nearby rock. A monstrously loud sound echoed out as the rock crumbled in an instant, not into pieces, but into powder.

This power of his was several times greater than before.

Bai Xiaochun was thrilled as he sucked in a deep breath. Currently, he was confident that if he battled Chen Heng once again, he would definitely not end up as badly as he had before.

With these tests of his, he discovered that even more shocking was the strength of his protection. His whole body, covered in the Impenetrable Silver Skin, had actually made even the wooden sword that had been thrice refined unable to harm him at all.

Bai Xiaochun was overjoyed. After he saw that the Unending Longevity Technique had stopped changing his body and his fair and clear skin had been restored, Bai Xiaochun changed his clothes again and headed into the distance with full speed, pleased with himself.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by:Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

ED Note: Remaining two guaranteed chapters of the week would be covered tomorrow with the sponsored chapter. We’re truly sorry for the inconvenience.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 - I Would Jump Into Boiling Water Or Walk Through Fire For The Sect!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 66 - I Would Jump Into Boiling Water Or Walk Through Fire For The Sect!

As Bai Xiaochun steadily moved through the forest, he gradually discovered various traces hinting at what had happened, leading him outside of the mountain range. A couple days later, he had returned to the Fallen Star Mountain Range using his extreme speed. Upon arrival, he discovered that the Fallen Chen Clan had turned into ruins.

“It seems that Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei had managed to deliver a message back to the sect.” Bai Xiaochun recalled the previous tragedy and sighed. After a long time, he turned around and the Wind Rider appeared. He jumped on it and sat cross-legged, guiding the Wind River.

A whistling sound spread as the boat turned into a rainbow, heading off into the distance.

“I am going back to the sect!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone with expectation with regards to the reward from the sect. He thought that once he returned, there ought to be some grand reward.

Thinking up to this point, he got even more excited and lowered his gaze, looking at the storage pouches. Along the way, he had sorted out the storage pouches that he had obtained from the hands of the Fallen Chen clansmen. There were many things contained within the storage pouch, including some Spirit Stones.

The most important thing was that he had actually found a fist-sized seed in one of the storage pouches, but he just couldn’t remember whose. It was pulsing like a heart and seemed to house life within it. However, it was currently fickle and was getting weaker.

After Bai Xiaochun saw that object, even with his herbal mastery, he had also spent half a day thinking about it and was surprised to realise that this was an extremely precious Spirit Seed that was said to be extinct since ancient times. Its name was the Rearing Beast Seed!

Rumours entailed that after this Seed absorbed the essence of spiritual beasts, it could birth one on its own. This Rearing Beast Seed was practically priceless to those monsters that were extremely powerful yet had difficulty producing offspring.

Especially to those cultivators who have powerful spiritual beasts by their side and wished to obtain their offspring but often only had one, the importance of this Rearing Beast Seed could easily be determined.

Even though he didn’t know why such a precious object would be in the hands of a Fallen Chen clansman sent to kill him, he still thought that it was likely that the person who owned this must have been trying to find some sort of lucky encounter. After all, the Fallen Chen Clan resided within the Fallen Star Mountain Range and the Fallen Star Mountain Range was… filled with mysteries.

Besides, even he had taken a long time to identify it, therefore, the Fallen Chen clansmen who had received this Rearing Beast Seed must have not known this seed’s purpose.

Along the way, Bai Xiaochun had chosen a piece of wood that had some Spiritual Qi in it, carving it into a wooden box. He packed the Rearing Beast Seed into the wooden box and only then did the Rearing Beast Seed’s fickle life slowly stabilise.

Stashing away the wooden box, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and guided the Wind Rider, whistling through the scenery as he followed the route they arrived through, nearing closer and closer to the Spirit River Sect.

In their past journey, the trio could only use the Wind Rider at night because of their shortage on Spirit Stones, but Bai Xiaochun’s pocket was bulging now and he cared not about the Spirit Stone consumption. As such, in only a month, he could already see the gate of the Spirit River Sect’s South Bank in the distance.

“This time, heading out to and fro used more than half a year before I finally returned.” Bai Xiaochun stood up in the Wind Rider, his hair was flailing as he put up the appearance of a peerless master. Suddenly, he remembered something and felt that this appearance was not very appropriate, so he quickly changed into the long outer sect disciple robe that was already tattered from battling with the Fallen Chen clansmen.

He put on an incomparably miserable look, portraying that he had defied death for the sect. Blood stained his long robe and it could be seen that every tattered hole was a result from a life-and-death struggle.

Only then was he satisfied and urged the Wind Rider, proceeding forward. As soon as he neared the gate and tried to pass through, an invisible wall suddenly appeared, bouncing the Wind Rider back in an instant.

“Huh?” Bai Xiaochun was shaken and almost fell down.

At the same time, a rainbow suddenly flew out from the South Bank’s gate in front of him, a youngster with an indifferent expression on his face within it. When he appeared, he looked calmly at Bai Xiaochun.

“Who might this fellow be, arriving unannounced to my Spirit River Sect without stating his purpose?” After reaching up to this point, the youngster suddenly frowned. He took a glance at the Wind River and then glanced at Bai Xiaochun’s clothing.

“You are holding my Spirit River Sect’s Wind River and are wearing the outer sect disciple’s robe, yet you have been blocked out by the gate’s Formation Array! Who are you!” There was a cold glint in this youngster’s eyes. He formed a hand seal with his right hand and his cultivation immediately spread out, revealing that he was actually an eight level Qi Condensation cultivator.

“What is the problem, Senior Brother? Why do you not let me enter the Sect? I am Bai Xiaochun, an outer sect disciple from the Scented Cloud Mountain.” Bai Xiaochun stepped back upon seeing this scene unravel before him and quickly spoke as he could not make heads or tails of the situation.

The youngster frowned and was about to say something when he suddenly stiffened.

“You are Bai Xiaochun?” He carefully sized Bai Xiaochun up. The more he looked, the more the youngster felt that he looked familiar. He had went to Bai Xiaochun’s funeral and had seen Bai Xiaochun’s portrait on the tombstone. His body suddenly jerked and after he noticed the blood stains on Bai Xiaochun’s clothes, he sucked in a deep breath.

“You… Aren’t you supposed to be dead!”

“I am not dead?” Bai Xiaochun paused for a moment. The youngster immediately looked excited and took out a jade slip, quickly sending a message to the sect.

As soon as news about Bai Xiaochun spread throughout the sect, Li Qinghou, who had closed his eyes, suddenly opened them. His body flew out in a flash.

Meanwhile, when the news reached the Sect Head, the Spirit River Sect’s Sect Head went blank for a moment, but he quickly used his spiritual sense to scan the South Bank’s gate and sensed Bai Xiaochun. At first, he was surprised, but that was soon replaced by joy as he informed the whole Sect of these news.

In a few breaths worth of time, incredulous cries spread within the Sect. Those yells could also be faintly heard from outside the gate as chimes suddenly rang out.

“Bai Xiaochun? Wasn’t he dead? How could he possibly be alive!”

Soon after, countless silhouettes from the within the Sect whistled out, and in front of them all, most shockingly, was Hou Yunfei. He was quickly approaching, and as soon as he passed through the gate, he recognised Bai Xiaochun with a single glance. His expression filled with disbelief that Bai Xiaochun had survived the Fallen Chen Clan’s hunt. Even if he was unwilling to admit that Bai Xiaochun would die, the truth was that deep down in his heart, he already understood that there was not a single disciple that could survive that relentless pursuit.

In this moment, he was so excited that tears began streaming down his face.

“Junior Bai!!” He laughed loudly and appeared by Bai Xiaochun’s side in an instant, hugging him, unable to contain his excitement.

“Senior Hou…” Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes as he came to the realisation that the sect had thought him to be dead. Seeing Hou Yunfei now, Bai Xiaochun was rather happy that he was fine now.

“Come, let us return to the sect!” Hou Yunfei pulled Bai Xiaochun excitedly along with him, heading straight for the gate. With him leading the way, Bai Xiaochun was able to enter the gate this time. The youngster behind also followed them. When he looked at Bai Xiaochun, he was greatly shocked. He had personally participated in the extermination of the Fallen Chen Clan and had seen each place where a fight had occurred within the forest, along with the wretched corpses of the Fallen Chen clansmen. Bai Xiaochun making it back alive shocked him greatly.

The instant the Bai Xiaochun stepped through the gate, more figures approached him from all sides.

“Fatso Nine?!” Zhang Fatso One, Black Fatso Three and the other senior Fatsos from the Handyman Department quivered with excitement. They all approached Bai Xiaochun, especially Zhang Fatso One who went forward and fiercely hugged him with tears streaming down his face.

Bai Xiaochun was touched, and as he looked at the people around him, he suddenly felt that everything that he had worked hard for in the past was all worth it.

A rainbow arrived at this moment, within it was Li Qinghou. He looked at Bai Xiaochun with a look of disbelief on his face. He held a bundle in his arms, containing the shreds of Bai Xiaochun’s clothes, stained with blood.

Out of everyone, Li Qinghou could be said to be the person who best understood the deadliness of the crisis that Bai Xiaochun had faced.

“I pay my respects to the Ancestor!” Bai Xiaochun quickly went forward and displayed his reverence to Li Qinghou.

“It is good that you are alive, it is good that you are alive.” Normally, Li Qinghou was calm and collected, but this moment, he unconsciously trembled. He raised his right hand and placed it on Bai Xiaochun’s head, his eyes revealing excitement.

“This is my home. This disciple is willing to jump into boiling water or walk through fire for the sect!” Bai Xiaochun puffed his chest out as he loudly said this. He even purposely flourished his small sleeve, revealing small bloodied holes on his clothes.

People continuously arrived from the three mountains of the South Bank. Once they noticed Bai Xiaochun in the distance, all of them were shocked by the blood staining his clothes.

Especially after the words spoken by Bai Xiaochun travelled throughout for everyone to hear, everyone was shocked. As they looked at him, they all felt that this… was the true Heaven’s Chosen of the sect.

As more and more people seemed to arrive, a girl’s joyful cry travelled from the distance. That was Du Lingei. She had spent these past few days using tears to wash her face and she looked extremely emaciated. When she heard people saying that Bai Xiaochun had returned, her mind immediately trembled and she desperately rushed to him.

When she saw Bai Xiaochun’s figure now, even more tears welled up in her eyes. She quickly approached and hugged Bai Xiaochun, laughing and crying at the same time, afraid that it would all turn out to be a dream. That appearance warmed Bai Xiaochun’s heart.

He was about to lay his hand on the curves of her body, but when he remembered that there were so many people around them, he could only refrain from doing so.

“Senior Sister Du, I have said it before, as long as I, Bai Xiaochun, have a breath left inside of me, I will definitely not let any harm come to you.” Bai Xiaochun cooly said as he raised his chin. He had the appearance of someone who looked down on the world as he said this extremely sugary sentence.

After Du Lingfei heard him speak those words, she felt that her body was melting. Large tears filled her eyes, deep affection, as thick as honey, hidden behind them.

Soon, even the figures of the Law Enforcement Agency appeared. The person leading them was Ou Yangjie. When he looked at Bai Xiaochun, he too was surprised. Ou Yangjie’s eyes revealed strong interest towards Bai Xiaochun. Especially the clothes that Bai Xiaochun was wearing and the words he had just spoken to Li Qinghou. Both prompted him to secretly nod in his mind.

“Bai Xiaochun, I am the Law Enforcement Agency’s Elder, Ou Yangjie.”

Once Bai Xiaochun heard the three words, “Law Enforcement Agency”, his heart momentarily trembled. However, he remembered that he had performed an extraordinary feat and continued sticking out his chest as he greeted Ou Yangjie.

“You have to follow this Elder to see the Sect Head regarding matters of the Fallen Chen Clan.” There was a rare hint of a smile that appeared on Ou Yangjie’s face. He raised his right hand and pointed toward Bai Xiaochun. A Spiritual Fog immediately appeared below Bai Xiaochun’s feet as it brought him along with Ou Yangjie, heading off into the distance.

There was a relieved look in Li Qinghou’s eyes as he also turned into a rainbow, heading after them.

As for the other disciples, once they saw Bai Xiaochun had left, they all slowly dispersed amidst the amazement and fervent discussion. However, the news regarding Bai Xiaochun did not die out but spread with an even faster speed.

In the end, it seemed that everyone in the Spirit River Sect knew of this matter. Some people were happy while others were sad. Qian Dajin trembled inside his cave, revealing a fearful look.

“Damn it, how is he still not dead! How could he not have died in such a dangerous pursuit!”

“He shouldn’t know that it was me that assigned him on his mission… That’s right, he shouldn’t know…” Qian Dajin had a capricious look on his face. In the end, he let out a long sigh, anxiously worrying for himself——

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

9th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 - Senior Brother, Where is Our Master?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

ED note: It seems our translator ate a couple words on chapter 64, the Sect Head Zheng Yuandong does not take Bai Xiaochun as a disciple, but instead takes him as a disciple on behalf of his own deceased master. We apologise for the mistake.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 67 - Senior Brother, Where is Our Master?

The Spirit River Sect had eight mountains; four on the North Bank, three on the South, and one in the center… the pivotal mountain, in the heart of which was the sect’s backbone.

It was the place where the council of elders, led by the Sect Head Zheng Yuandong, usually handled the sect matters.

At this moment, the chimes of the bells were echoing as the council of the North and South Bank’s mountains gathered in the great hall, with the Sect Head in the middle.

Soon after, Li Qinghou and Ou Yangjie brought Bai Xiaochun outside the hall and had him wait there while they both entered inside.

Outside the hall, positioned on both sides were four disciples on guard duty, staring at Bai Xiaochun with curiosity.

Bai Xiaochun looked back and smiled. It was his first time here, so he decided to look around. The Qi was rich, and the plants were beautiful. It was heavenly, isolated from the noise of the mundane… Not something the Scented Cloud Mountain could compete with in terms of tranquility.

This was an important place for the sect. Other visiting disciples would tread with extreme caution, but Bai Xiaochun felt no pressure at all, looking around nonchalantly.

This calmness naturally surprised the four disciples. It was not unexpected for the four to think that only a person of great stature can remain calm in such circumstances, it’d be unusual for common people.

In truth, although Bai Xiaochun was afraid of death, with the great service he had done for the sect, it would be impossible for him to die here. So without any fear, he held his head high in expectation of the rewards he would receive.

“With my contribution… At the very least, the reward wouldn’t be any less than something like a hundred year life extending pill? One million contribution points, the best cave they have, perhaps. Naturally, a promotion into an inner sect disciple as well. Heh.” Bai Xiaochun got more and more excited as he waited, without anyone summoning him in the great hall.

Surprised, Bai Xiaochun continued waiting. A long while later, just when he was about to groan with impatience, a helpless voice came out from the palace.

“Bai Xiaochun, come inside.”

Sobering up, Bai Xiaochun took in a deep breath, trying his best to put on the appearance of someone who would jump in boiling water and walk through fire for the sect. His entered with big strides and immediately cupped his fist in respect.

“Bai Xiaochun of the Scented Cloud Mountain, honoured to meet the council composed of my predecessors.”

After paying his respects, Bai Xiaochun lifted his head and saw an old man standing out in the middle, draped in a white robes. His cultivation unfathomable.

Surrounding him were eight people, six males and two females. Li Qinghou and Ou Yangjie included. Those present were eyeing Bai Xiaochun up, obviously surprised that he was alive.

As for what he was wearing, upon taking a closer look, naturally, they could tell that the holes and tears on the clothes were not done by him intentionally, but were really a result from a battle’s aftermath.

Bai Xiaochun’s looked clean and innocent, he was very obedient, not in the slightest bit haughty or humble. Just calm.

This scene, although it looked normal and only contributed to the already great image of Bai Xiaochun, still made caused others to feel somewhat strange.

“Bai Xiaochun, tell us in detail your tale and your involvement with the Fallen Chen Clan, from beginning to end.” Li Qinghou looked at Bai Xiaochun and gently spoke.

Bai Xiaochun calmly retold the story to the elders from beginning to end, everything except for the elder in black robes. That was his personal secret.

Other than that, he also spoke of Feng Yan’s sacrifice as well as the perils of the journey. He presented the story craftily, emphasizing not on his own deeds but on Feng Yan, Du Lingfei, and Hou Yunfei’s instead.

“I am to blame, Senior Brother Feng died to save me, it was my fault.”

The more he acted that way, the higher the council regarded him. These men were, however, extremely experienced cultivators. From the clothes he wore, they could tell the subtle cunningness in Bai Xiaochun’s character, but they didn’t really mind it.

“You were completely healed upon waking?” The Sect Head smiled, without caring much for Bai Xiaochun’s explanation - everyone had their own secrets, after all. The sect sought a sense of belonging, not total control. Otherwise, discord would arise.

“Bai Xiaochun, the rewards for your deeds were given out a few months ago. You are now our sect’s... Honourable Disciple!” The moment the Sect Head said the words, Bai Xiaochun felt it was somewhat weird. It was his first time hearing the term.

Before he had appeared, a discussion was held, with both sides placed in a difficult position. The title held great weight and was given only after someone was killed, never to living people. But now Bai Xiaochun was alive and kicking in front of their door…

After receiving news of his survival, they had all been stunned for a short while.

It’s wasn’t a title that they could just take back. The funeral had been held, the announcement, everything… It was troublesome indeed, which was exactly why they had him wait outside the great hall for so long.

After the long discussion, without a way to change it according to sect rules, they allowed Bai Xiaochun to continue living with the title.

“Honourable Disciple?” Bai Xiaochun blinked, oblivious to the title, never having the chance to hear it mentioned in his life. He blinked several times at the elders, as if waiting for something. He couldn’t bear it, and after a while, he took the initiative to speak.

“Um… Is that all?” Bai Xiaochun asked.

“That’s all.” The Sect Head squeezed out a smile.

Bai Xiaochun panicked. He opened his mouth, ready to protest and tell of his hardships and near death experiences when Li Qinghou coughed. He was the one most familiar with Bai Xiaochun’s personality.

“Shouldn’t you thank the council? The title of Honourable Disciple has only been given to ten people in the last ten thousand years, you, being the only one alive after receiving it!”

“An Honourable Disciple was above an inner sect disciple. It was the highest honour in the sect, granting descendants all the resources of the sect for their personal use, and the right to be an inner sect disciple from birth. The Spirit River Sect would look after the bloodline for eternity!”

“The Spirit River Sect has nine great families, all of them were Honourable Disciple bloodlines. This title is the beginning of a new great family.” Li Qinghou explained.

After hearing the explanation, Bai Xiaochun frowned, feeling the excitement leaving his body. He threw a pitiful look at Li Qinghou with puppy eyes, and then to the council.

He didn’t know what to say. He roughly understood that the Honourable Disciple title seemed good, but it was something meant for the deceased… The benefits are left entirely for the descendants to enjoy, but he wasn’t dead…Currently, Bai Xiaochun realized that he was reduced to the state of feeling jealous of his future descendants.

“Thank you… Sect Head…” Bai Xiaochun was downcast, thanking with a feeble voice.

“From this day on, you may refer to me as Senior Brother Sect Head.” Sect Head Zheng Yuandong coughed dryly, feeling awkward. He had taken Bai Xiaochun as a disciple because of his sacrifice. Now he had come back alive, yet he was too old to have a less than twenty years old kid following him around. He sighed again and again in his heart.

“Ah?” Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes. His mood experienced many ups and downs, he first went in the great hall with great hopes, only to find himself in a cruel reality where he was dashed and his heart had sunked. And that had now lead to the current development.

“Due to your great service and absence of a master, this old man has taken it upon himself to accept you as a disciple of his teacher. So from now on, I’ll be Senior Brother Sect Head to you.” The Sect Head felt even more awkward after saying this.

Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun’s face was filled with excitement again. He felt that the sect had indeed treated him kindly. This man was at the center of the elders. Judging from this, Bai Xiaochun knew that this man wasn’t simple, perhaps this man was an extraordinary man.

“Let’s see anyone bully me now! Look at who my master is! Ha!” Bai Xiaochun was brimming with joy as he cupped his fist and bowed deeply.

“Thank you, Senior Brother Sect Head. Where is our master? I want to pay my respects to him.” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were glowing with anticipation.

“Take it slow. He currently rests in peace at the back of the mountain. I have made preparations, you may join him shortly.” The Sect Head said slowly, acting a little odd.

“Resting in peace… at the back of the mountain…” Bai Xiaochun was dumbstruck, his head was filled with these words. It took some time before he could react… his respectful master had already… passed away.

“I...” Bai Xiaochun felt a buzz in his mind. His heart sank to the bottom once again, he wanted to cry but had no tears. He paid no attention to his surroundings as he followed behind the Sect Head to the back of the mountain. He paid his respects to the portrait of his deceased master, and went back to Scented Cloud Mountain.

He met many disciples who greeted him with respect on the way back, their eyes exposing their curiosity, some of them even kind enough to show him his very own tombstone.

Looking at his own tombstone, Bai Xiaochun felt that dark days had arrived.

“I… I paid my respects, yes… To the portrait of my master…” Bai Xiaochun somehow managed to make it back to his courtyard. He slumped down in front of his wooden cabin as grief and indignation filled him.

Several days later, Bai Xiaochun still continued sitting there, frowning. Only after two weeks had passed did he finally recover.

Sighing, he left the place to have a reunion with Zhang Fatso One, only to see two outer sect disciples greeting him with utmost respect.

“Greetings, Senior Uncle Bai.”

Bai Xiaochun walked a few steps before suddenly pausing. His eyes burning as he pulled the disciples closer.

“What did you just call me?”

“Senior Uncle Bai? You’re the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, so it’s only natural for us to refer to you as Senior Uncle.” The outer sect disciples quickly explained, staring blankly at him.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shined as he let go of them, his heart beating fast. He realized the true weight of his current identity… It was an enormous weight.

He licked his lips and broke into a laughter, echoing all around and scaring the disciples away, uncertain as to why Bai Xiaochun was acting crazy.

Stopping himself, Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly and put on an air of superiority. He gave them a nod, and changed his mind about visiting Zhang Fatso One and went to the Mission Exchange Pavilion instead, full of anticipation.

Because… it was full of people...

At the same time, on the peak of Scented Cloud Mountain, Li Qinghou had gone into seclusion. He sat cross-legged behind closed doors, and after pondering for a long while, he flourished his big sleeves. With a dignified look, he began refining.

“Bai Xiaochun is a mischievous child, I’d better prepare something to ensure his survival. Unfortunately, I’m not familiar with refining tools, I can only make this Nine Absolutes Pill, and use it to exchange for something with the Pill River Sect… To prepare this kind of treasure for a Qi Condensation disciple, with a single glance, anyone will be able to tell that it is for a Martial Nephew. I’m sure the Pill River Sect would be shocked.” Shaking his head, Li Qinghou remembered the difficulty of refining this Nine Absolutes Pill, even if it was him doing it. Thinking of Bai Xiaochun’s narrow escape this time, he took a deep breath and focused his attention and readied himself to open the furnace.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

10th guaranteed chapter of the week. One more tonight.

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 - Don’t Run, My Nephews!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 68 - Don’t Run, My Nephews!

Bai Xiaochun was very good in deriving pleasure from other people… Now that he had found himself as the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, he swaggered down the mountain elated, heading for the Mission Exchange Pavilion.

With a dry cough, Bai Xiaochun adjusted his clothing and put on the airs of a senior, raising his small chin and clasping hands behind his back.

As one of the most popular areas on the Scented Cloud Mountain, the Mission Exchange Pavilion was naturally filled with a huge crowd. Everyday, many outer sect disciples would come and go, one could hear the clamor even from far away.

It didn’t take long for Bai Xiaochun to reach the Mission Exchange Pavilion. He stood there with what he thought to be a kind smile, gazing at the outer sect disciples.

As he appeared, almost instantly, his presence was noticed. The group of outer sect disciples just in front of him, who were originally discussing what mission to take, immediately froze after seeing him with the corner of their eyes.

”It’s… It’s Senior Uncle Bai. Greetings, Senior Uncle!”

”We pay our respects, Senior Uncle Bai!”

They hastily went to cup their fists in a greeting to Bai Xiaochun. As the words spread, more and more people noticed Bai Xiaochun, and soon, the vast majority of the present outer sect disciples made their way to Bai Xiaochun in order to pay their respects.

“Good work. Good work, everyone.” Hearing ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ made Bai Xiaochun’s insides burst with delight. He smiled and waved slightly to the crowd as he walked forward.

The surrounding outer sect disciples conversed in hushed voices as they looked at Bai Xiaochun with envy.

“Senior Uncle Bai is the Sect Head’s Junior Brother…”

The people working at the Mission Exchange Pavilion, in particular, got up the second they saw Bai Xiacohun approaching, halting all operations in the area simply to greet him, making Bai Xiaochun even more excited.

“You guys continue with your work, don’t mind me. I’m just here to check on the outer sect disciples of our Spirit River Sect for Senior Brother Sect Head.” Bai Xiaochun laughed in his heart. His words prompted the disciples to greet him once again, even the elders of the Pavilion, noded at him respectfully.

But… Even though Bai Xiaochun told them not mind him, he did not leave the area, but instead walked around in the crowd, smiling and nodding to the disciples. These three words ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ were repeatedly heard from the present outer sect disciples, some repeating them more than a dozen times.

Gradually, the crowd began realising that Bai Xiaochun’s presence here was just to fish for attention... Bai Xiaochun knew when to stop and with a wave of his hand, he swaggered off, allowing the Mission Exchange Pavilion to resume its normal operations.

“Ah, I have so much power with this title.” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were shining this morning. He found it very relaxing, but more importantly, he realised the difference between him and other people brought by his new status.

“Honourable Disciple, Sect Head’s Junior Brother… With this status, no one would dare mess with me in the entire sect!” Thinking of this, Bai Xiaochun laughed as he hurried to the Ten Thousand Herbs Pavilion.

The Ten Thousand Herbs Pavilion… was crowded, as usual.

It didn’t take long before Bai Xiaochun reached the pavilion. He looked at the ten stone steles as he listened to people calling him ‘Senior Uncle Bai’. He seemed wistful as he lingered there for a long time. Only when the surrounding gazes began turning weird did he reluctantly leave. Even though dusk had arrived, Bai Xiaochun was tireless as he continued visiting places where outer sect disciples gathered.

Xu Baocai was just leaving his courtyard when he noticed Bai Xiaochun and quickly cupped his fist.

“Ah, Little Bao. Your cultivation hasn’t changed since I left half a year ago, that won’t do, you shouldn’t be negligent.” Bai Xiaochun patted Xu Baocai on the shoulder as he spoke, proud of his quirk.

Xu Baocai was stunned for a moment, blinking. Little Bao? Ever since he was born, only his father had called him that, did Bai Xiaochun have the right to call him that? After thinking of this, his heart was filled with awkwardness. But in the end, he dared not argue and only nodded in agreement.

“I… Uh, my esteemed self!” Bai Xiaochun suddenly noticed that a simple “I” would not fit a position as high as his, so thinking of how Li Qinghou addressed himself, he used “my esteemed self.”

“My esteemed self is unfamiliar with the area. Little Bao, would you take my esteemed self around for a little tour?” Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly, his hand placed on Xu Baocai’s shoulder as he lifted his chin.

Helpless, Xu Baocai showed Bai Xiaochun around.

As the outer sect disciples started returning to their courtyards, they noticed Bai Xiaochun. Many of them had already greeted him in one of the pavilions, but having encountered him again, after exchanging glances with each other, they had no other choice but to greet him once again.

Bai Xiaochun once again felt the glory brought by his new status, pleased with everyone paying their respects to him, he basked in it until late at night before he was content to leave.

On his way, he passed by a Spirit Tail Chicken coop and bursts of ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ sounded out yet again. On his way back, two Spirit Tailed Chickens were already in his hands.

“These are the benefits brought by my status. Ah, I once had to steal to eat these chickens. But now, just a snort with Sect Head being my Senior Brother, who would dare to oppose me!” Bai Xiaochun hummed a tune as he triumphantly returned back to his cabin.

Just as the sun rose on the next day, Bai Xiaochun hopped out from his bed in high spirits, tidied his clothing and tried out different expressions in front of the bronze mirror until he picked one befitting of his position before finally going out.

He started treating this as… his duty...

He chose somewhere else other than the Mission Exchange Pavilion such as the other gathering places on the Scented Cloud Mountain, and even places where a small competition was being held.

Throughout the entire day, his ears filled with the greeting ‘Senior Uncle Bai’. All this made him feel as though he had achieved his goal of immortalising himself, which made him very happy, so… three days, four days, five days....

Ten days in a row, he had taken such strolls, in the end, every outer sect disciple on the Scented Cloud Mountain had called him Senior Uncle Bai at least a dozen times. For the masses, calling a youngster Senior Uncle was already ridiculous. Every once in a while was fine, but as they had to do it again and again, they became increasingly dejected.

These days, Bai Xiaochun lived his life to the fullest. He especially loved meeting acquaintances, every time he saw one, he would call out to them...

“Ah, Nephew Yiduo… Oh, don’t go, come here. Long time no see.” One day Bai Xiaochun noticed Zhao Yiduo, his eyes brightened and he immediately approached him. Hearing Bai Xiaochun call him “nephew” , his brows twitched.

”Senior Uncle Bai, We… met so many times these past days…”

Blinking, Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly. Just as he was about to open his mouth to speak, he noticed a familiar figure in the distance and immediately turned around to leave.

“Yo, isn’t that nephew Zi’ang? It’s been a while!’ Bai Xiaochun let Zhao Yiduo go as he locked on to his new target with a delighted expression.

Chen Zi’ang was going crazy. These days, he had been meeting Bai Xiaochun about three times every single day. He had heard that everyone who was acquaintanced with Bai Xiaochun on the Scented Cloud Mountain had been repeatedly visited, just like him. Rumour has it that an unfortunate fellow who liked to call himself the Wolf God received at least a dozen visits per day.

”Senior Uncle Bai... I’m sorry, I have some unfinished business.” Chen Zi’ang almost ran away as he quickly escaped.

After the tenth day, most of the outer sect disciples of the Scented Cloud Mountain started avoiding Bai Xiaochun, pretending not to see him as he approached. This displeased Bai Xiaochun, so he became more proactive.

“Oh, my esteemed self think you look quite familiar. Come, come, haven’t we met before?” Bai Xiaochun caught one of Zhou Xinqi’s admirers, to his great distress. Pulling him aside, they spoke for an incense’s worth of time. Not until the disciple called him ‘Senior Uncle’ thirty times did the frown on Bai Xiaochun’s face had vanished, so he finally let him leave.

But this didn’t resolve the problem as people began to hide from Bai Xiaochun from there on. Feeling he should be more proactive, he began to cough loudly to alert others of his presence.

It wasn’t too effective, and Bai Xiaochun was not too happy. Fortunately, there was another sweet girl apart from Du Lingfei on the Scented Cloud Mountain.

That was Hou Xiaomei. She paid him a visit almost every day on her own initiative and without him even needing to cough, she would bounce around him, sweetly shouting ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ without getting tired.

If one were to look around, they would notice that all the outer sect disciples were bitter. On the other hand, Bai Xiaochun had never felt more alive. Hou Xiaomei, who in the past had received his guidance regarding the mysterious Little Turtle, had now practically worshipped it. She once followed behind Bai Xiaochun, inquiring about the Little Turtle.

“Little Turtle? That is a mystery, a peerless talent among the Spirit River Sect that would appear only once every ten thousand years! This kind of person is like a cloud, an entity we can only look up to in awe and respect!” Bai Xiaochun gave a dry cough after boasting, desperately suppressing his impulse to reveal to his Junior Sister that he was the Little Turtle. He had decided that he’d only reveal his identity before a great audience.

“I think so too. I’ve talked with many other people, and they all think that Little Turtle’s disregard for fame and fortune are as remarkable as their thirst for the medicinal knowledge! Indeed, like a cloud in the sky!” Listening to Hou Xiaomei’s words, his eyes sparkled.

There was a time when the people of the sect suspected Bai Xiaochun of being the Little Turtle, but it was soon rejected. After all, everyone’s image of the Little Turtle was completely different of Bai Xiaochun’s, and in the end, the ten stone steles recorded no names, only symbols. As such, identifying the Little Turtle was quite difficult.

Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun decided he hadn’t paid enough attention to Zhou Xinqi, one of the five beauties of South Bank.

“I wonder what that proud Heaven’s Chosen, Zhou Xinqi, calling me Senior Uncle Bai would be like?” Bai Xiaochun thought, suddenly filled with excitement as he started searching for Zhou Xinqi every day.

His hard work payed off, eventually, he noticed Zhou Xinqi flying away on a blue damask.

“Niece Xinqi!” Bai Xiaochun quickly yelled out.

Zhou Xinqi’s face darkened instantly. She had heard how Bai Xiaochun had been acting during the past month, and knew what the situation was like for the outer sect disciples of the Scented Cloud Mountain. She felt shivers ran down her spine when the word ‘Niece’ entered her ears. She pretended not to hear anything and quickly accelerated. But she would have never thought that... Bai Xiaochun would persistently sprint after her.

“Niece Xinqi, come, discuss life with this Senior Uncle.” Bai Xiaochun was extremely excited. After searching for Zhou Xinqi for such a long time, now that he had found her, how could her simply let her go?

Zhou Xinqi clenched her teeth, accelerating once again, quickly leaving the Scented Cloud Mountain before Bai Xiaochun could catch her.

Looking at her disappearing silhouette, Bai Xiaochun sighed regretfully.

”It’s fine. I can’t fly, huh? I will be able to fly pretty soon. There’ll be plenty opportunities to get you to call me Senior Uncle.” Bai Xiaochun was gloomy. Seeing that it was late, he decided to search for Du Lingfei.

As soon as Du Lingfei noticed him, she giggled.

”Senior Uncle Bai, Senior Uncle Bai, Senior Uncle Bai....”

Bai Xiaochun immediately became cheerful, the more he stayed with Du Lingfei, the more lovely he thought she was. Due to her contributions to the sect, she was taken as a disciple by an elder. She was assigned to Donglin City to work for the sect, which was a great opportunity for her - just a few years of working there could promote her into the inner sect disciple.

She would have quite the high position in that city, the resources available to her would be much better than those in the sect.

Bai Xiaochun sent her off regretfully. Afterwards, he went back to Scented Cloud Mountain to look for entertainment.

Time passed and another month flew by. In the entire Scented Cloud Mountain, the words ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ had become a taboo. When people thought of it, they would smile bitterly..

Fortunately, Bai Xiaochun also felt going any further would cross the line and decided to move on.

“I’m the Junior Brother of the Spirit River Sect’s Sect Head! I am the Senior Uncle of all disciples, my status is not limited to merely the Scented Cloud Mountain. I can’t display favoritism, I should go visit the other mountains.” Bai Xiaochun thought righteously, and headed for the Purple Cauldron Mountain...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 - My Master Wants To Meet You, Bai Xiaochun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 69 - My Young Master Wants To Meet You, Bai Xiaochun

A month later, the outer sect disciples of Purple Cauldron Mountain were going crazy. During the past month, Bai Xiaochun’s presence had taught them the horrifying meaning of one living like a Senior Uncle as a duty.

They discovered that wherever you are, so long as it is on Purple Cauldron Mountain, you are not exempt from chancing upon a small swaggering youth failing to mask the glee on his face. And when you do, the youth would cough dryly upon seeing you and even give you an unwanted self-introduction if you haven’t met...

’Senior Uncle Bai’, these three words made their jaws hurt from the uncountable times they had uttered them. However, they didn’t have much of a choice... he was the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, after all. He was senior to all sect disciples, and if a disciple dared disrespect him, they would be violating of the sect rules.

Only after managing to find Zhang Fatso One did the tormented people find peace after Bai Xiaochun’s old friend persuaded him to leave Purple Cauldron Mountain alone. And so Bai Xiaochun went to… Green Peak Mountain.

A month in Green Peak Mountain drove the outer sect disciples there to insanity as well.

Chen Fei’s group of three, in particular, were tormented. Bai Xiaochun’s stay in Green Peak Mountain yielded daily visits to their homes, and nothing short of saying ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ a hundred times before the trio could send him off.

It was to the point where Bai Xiaochun would find even the slightest fault and had the look that said as long as the Chen Fei trio were in the least bit disrespectful, he would report them to the Law Enforcement Agency, making the Chen Fei trio tremble in fear. They were careful the whole day until finally it seemed as though they were wailing and begging as they named Qian Dajin as the instigator of everything and had been tormented until they lost their human form. Only then did Bai Xiaochun let them go and sighed as he left the Green Peak Mountain. He also felt some remorse in what he did.

”Right, the outer sect disciples know who I am now… All that’s left are the inner sect ones. That Qian Dajin, does he really think I’ve forgotten about him?” Bai Xiaochun pondered for a moment before nodding deeply. He felt his current life was quite enjoyable and quickly went off to search for the inner sect disciples.

After that, although his figure still appeared from time time on the three mountains, he mostly dwelled where the inner sect disciples were. With his identity, Bai Xiaochun could enter just about anywhere.

Very quickly Bai Xiaochun got bored. The inner sect disciples were in their cave dwellings, cultivating behind closed doors. He decided to camp outside the cave dwellings for a couple months, waiting for any of them to come out, especially Qian Dajin. Despite Bai Xiaochun standing in front of his cave dwelling for a whole month, Qian Dajin was too afraid to exit and therefore never met with Bai Xiaochun. No matter how much Bai Xiaochun shouted, he never responded.

”I refuse to believe this!” Bai Xiaochun stood before Qian Dajin’s door, attempting to use a formation array to break in. Inner sect disciples’ cave dwellings had very strong protections. Unable to do it alone, he was forced forced to gather a few other disciples for the job.

At this moment, two figures sped to them from the distance, both inner sect disciples, one tall and one short. Without greeting Bai Xiaochun, they calmly said.

”Senior Uncle Bai, regarding Qian Dajin, could you give our Young Master face and drop this matter?”

”Our Young Master holds the title of Shangguan Tianyou” The tall disciple emphasized.

(ED: He was originally introduced back at ch.35 as Guan Tianyou, one of the three outstanding geniuses of the South Bank, but his name is actually Shangguan Tianyou.)

Shangguan Tianyou, that was the name of the head of the only three Heaven’s Chosen among the entire three mountains on the South Bank!

This potential of his could be said to be extremely rare, one that could only be seen in a thousand years. Even if one was an outer sect disciple, there was no guarantee that they would ever become a Foundation Establishment cultivator. That was why the sect did not have that many Elders. However, this Shangguan Tianyou was different from all the others. The South Bank even considered him as their hope to overpower the North Bank. As such, no effort was spared to develop him.

The followers of the Shangguan Tianyou on the Green Peak Mountain were numerous.

Bai Xiaochun remained unperturbed. If it was in the past, he would be afraid, but he would be afraid of death. But that didn’t mean he was timid, so long as death wasn’t an option, his courage knew no bounds.

With his current identity, hardly anything could cause his death. As such, he looked at the duo with disdain and smiled.

”Seeing my esteemed self, the two of you did not even pay your respects. Who gave you the confidence to be so arrogant to even disrespect your seniors? Was it that Shangguan Tianyou?” Bai Xiaochun waved his sleeve as he faintly spoke.

His words caused the two’s expressions to change, the tall disciple looked at him sharply.

”Senior Uncle Bai, be mindful of your words.”

Just as the words left his mouth, before he could even continue, Bai Xiaochun had already disappeared. The tall disciple felt the wind blow as Bai Xiaochun appeared right in front of him.

His speed was so fast, the duo could not even see him. Before they could even react Bai Xiaochun raised his right hand and with a terrifying force it ripped through the air before it landed on the tall disciple’s face.

The disciple’s robes suddenly glowed, exuding a protective layer. That was one of the magical treasures given to the inner sect disciples. But just as the light screen appeared, Bai Xiaochun’s hand slammed on it and broke it apart. It completely failed to stop his palm that carried an enormous force as it landed like a boulder.

Bang. Stars appeared in the tall disciple’s vision as a droning sound appeared in his mind. Blood sprayed out as his body flew dozens of zhang away like a kite, not even a scream left his mouth as he fainted from the pain straightaway.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

The scene happened too suddenly, stunning the shorter disciple, his mind was abuzz. He instinctively backed away, looking back and forth between his companion and Bai Xiaochun who had slapped him unconscious. He took a deep breath and swallowed loudly.

”You… You…” His body was trembling and his mind was muddled as he pointed at Bai Xiaochun. He never expected the strength of Bai Xiaochun to actually be so terrifying.

Currently, Bai Xiaochun had yet to achieve the eight level of Qi Condensation…

”Senior, are you sure it is appropriate for you, as an Inner Sect Disciple, to point at me in such a manner?” Bai Xiaochun said as he turned to the short disciple and walked toward him.

Screaming, the disciple hastily backed away. Not waiting for him to go too far, the wind whistled as Bai Xiaochun approached, a slap aimed at the disciple’s face.

At that moment, a cold voice suddenly resounded from the foot of the mountain .

”Stay your hand!” As the voice fell, a silhouette quickly appeared.

Bai Xiaochun did not bat an eye, instead he applied even more strength to his palm, sending teeth and blood flying out of the short disciple’s mouth. The disciple’s neck was almost broken as he was flung to the side, unconscious.

Once he was done, Bai Xiaochun flourished his small hand and raised his head to look at the rapidly approaching person from the foot of the mountain. He was a middle-aged man who was actually at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, the same as Chen Heng.

He stared at Bai Xiaochun and started laughing angrily.

”Did you not hear me, damn it, Bai Xiaochun, you…!”

”Pardon me, nephew, do you fancy a slap to the face as well?” Bai Xiaochun smiled, lifting his chin up high. Bai Xiaochun immediately noticed that just like the two before, this man did not have the slightest respect for him, instead contempt permeated down to their very bones as if they were superior to him! He despised such inner sect disciples.

Once his words were spoken, the middle-aged man’s expression flickered and his voice stopped abruptly. The power of Bai Xiaochun’s body caused fear in him. He was also flustered ,and now that he thought back about it, he immediately took a deep breath. Added on with Bai Xiaochun’s status, even the Law Enforcement Agency could not say anything about all of Bai Xiaochun’s previous actions.

”Bai Xiaochun, my Young Master has invited you to pay your respects.” The middle aged man glared at Bai Xiaochun after taking a deep breath, suppressing his anger as he said that he was here on behalf of the Heaven's Chosen, to deliver a message.

In his opinion, however, he felt that his master had done something unnecessary. Bai Xiaochun was merely a disciple that had made a contribution by a fluke, a clown-like figure who had killed a few weak clansmen from a cultivator clan. If it wasn’t for his good luck, he couldn’t have possibly been given such publicity in the Sect. It was really not worth it for a Young Master who was definitely going to be successful and climb up the promotional ladder, even having a shred of hope to become a Core Formation in the future, to send a messenger to relay a message.

Even asking Bai Xiaochun to pay his respects to his master was demeaning in this middle-aged man’s eyes.,

”An outer sect disciple, so what if he is a Heaven's Chosen, why should I be paying my respects to him? He should be the one coming to pay his respects to me!” Bai Xiaochun could clearly detect that Young Master’s pride. Based on his Bai Xiaochun’sstatus, if the other party did not personally come, that is all. If the other party did not personally come and deliver the message, forget it. He had actually asked for Bai Xiaochun to go and pay his respects to him.

He flourished his sleeve and a huge gust of wind blew. The middle-aged man’s eyes immediately burned with anger.

”Bai Xiaochun, my Young Master granting you an audience is already giving you a lot of face, do you have any idea how many people don’t even have the chance to, you…” His face changed as he was just about to leap back. But he was still a second too late, Bai Xiaochun appeared right in front of him, with his palm crashing down.

”How dare you!” The man was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation, and he released its full power. Flashing a hand seal, wind blades instantly appeared, shielding his body. With a shocking roar, those wind blades made contact with Bai Xiaochun’s palm and instantly collapsed, failing to stop him.

Crushing all obstacles in its way, Bai Xiaochun’s palm slammed on the man’s face.

Bang. A scream followed as the man’s body was flung dozens of zhang away before he regained his footing.

”You’re even below Chen Heng, no wonder you bow to someone else, get lost!” Bai Xiaochun swung his sleeve to the side triumphantly.

The man stared at Bai Xiaochun aghast, his body trembling. His left cheek was swollen, blood and teeth spilling out as he backed away.

Bai Xiaochun waited until his opponent left before turning back to Qian Dajin’s cave dwelling, narrowing his eyes. He was scared of dying, so he dealt vindictively with anyone who targeted him.

This Qian Dajin, Shangguan Tianyou or not, Bai Xiaochun wasn’t just going to let him off like this. These days, Bai Xiachun seemed to randomly spent in nonsense and entertainment in the inner sect area, but in fact, he had been doing research on Qian Dajin.

”With you hiding inside, do you think I have no way of reaching you?” Bai Xiaochun snorted coldly, leaving the scene. Using his current status, not long after, a jade slip for an assignment flew out of the Law Enforcement Agency toward Qian Dajin’s cave dwelling, appearing right in front of him.

Just like he had done before, Bai Xiaochun had him conscripted on a dangerous mission. Qian Dajin remained bitter for a long time. He had no choice but to leave his hideout to go on a mission.

However, he had underestimated Bai Xiaochun’s vengefulness. Bai Xiaochun had arranged dozens of missions of this kind for Qian Dajin. He had even personally and secretly contacted Hou Yunfei. The Hou Clan was a cultivator clan and had a Foundation Establishment Ancestor. As such, they had deep inside information. On Bai Xiaochun’s end, he regarded this matter extremely highly, it was natural for Bai Xiaochun to work with Hou Yunfei and Hou Xiaomei.

They would not fail to make Qian Dajin go on missions again and again until an unexpected accident occurs.

The Law Enforcement Agency was not unaware of what Qian Dajin had done. At that time, they did not want the matter to see the light, so it was not openly investigated despite being recorded.

But now that Bai Xiaochun had appeared and happy to take care of it, the agency didn’t resist in the slightest and even felt they owe him for doing all the work himself. In the inner circles of the agency, Qian Dajin was already considered dead.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard

ED Note: Because of college and other irl stuff, we would return to 5 guaranteed and 3 sponsored chapters a week. We wouldn’t be able to keep up with the pace anymore, not to mention the heavy delays that happened this week. Again, we apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for understanding.

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 - Hi, Senior Brother Li
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 70 - Hi, Senior Brother Li

Near the peak of the Green Peak Mountain laid a small path; at the end of this road was a pond with goldfishes swimming inside.

Besides, the pond was a cave dwelling; it was the only abode in the entire area, thus, the surroundings was peaceful and quiet. The Spiritual Qi in this area was also much thicker compared to the living quarters of outer sect disciples.

At this moment, a young man was seated beside the pond, wearing the robes of an outer sect disciple. The young man had a handsome face with well-defined features, and black hair that gently cascaded down onto his shoulders, looking exceptionally striking and attractive.

His skin was so white and smooth that even female disciples would feel inadequate; his eyes were sharp and slit like a phoenix, and brilliant glint would flash across his gaze from time to time, causing him to exude a vibe of extraordinariness.

His hand held a few little fishes which he occasionally threw into the pond, causing those golden fishes inside to thrash around in the water as they fought with each other to tear those little fishes into pieces and swallow them.

At this moment, the middle-aged man who was slapped by Bai Xiaochun arrived as he rushed along the small path with a livid expression. When he arrived, he could not help but to delay his footsteps. There was a respectful look on his face as he greeted the young man.

“Greetings, Young Master.”

“Young Master, that Bai Xiaochun does not know what’s good for him. I have already told him very clearly to come and pay his respects, but he refused and acted all arrogant and domineering, as if he’s everything with that status of his.” The middle-aged man gritted his teeth and said.

“Then forget it, it’s just a small fry, making him come pay his respects was just something on a whim.” The young man lifted his head and said blandly, not paying any more attention to the matter.

“Young Master’s words are wise, he is simply a small fry. The title of an Honoured Disciple is for dead people. As for being a Junior Brother of the Sect Head, that status is even more of a joke; to actually hail a dead person as his teacher.” The middle-aged man nodded and laughed coldly, when he suddenly felt his heart shiver - the young man before him had lifted his head and was staring coldly at him.

“Young...Young Master…” The middle-aged man felt a chill run down his spine.

“He is only a small fry, there’s no need to bother with him. But Sect Head’s teacher, our sect’s previous patriarch, is not someone you can address so casually. Go to the Ice Lake and punish yourself for three months.” The young man retracted his gaze as he continued feeding the golden fishes.

The middle-aged man’s heart trembled as he rapidly nodded his head and withdrew.

After settling Qian Dajin’s matter, Bai Xiaochun returned to the Scented Cloud Mountain. As for the Heaven’s Chosen, Bai Xiaochun did not worry about it even one bit. Bai Xiaochun was someone who had done a great service for the sect, hence, unless he was to betray the sect, his life would not be threatened at all.

Although he was regarded as a Senior Uncle now, he could feel the uplifting feeling of being respected slowly fading away day by day; he could only lament as he watched the people purposely avoid him while walking. However, this feeling only lasted till the day where he unconsciously walked past the Scripture Lecture Hall and suddenly felt a wave of excitement course through him.

He discovered that so long as he was present, he would immediately be granted a seat together with the elders lecturing about the scriptures; allowing him to be in a position where he could watch over countless of disciples.

After experiencing such a situation once, Bai Xiaochun immediately fell in love with it. Henceforth, his figure could be seen within the Scripture Lecture Halls of the various mountains.

Sometimes, even as he sat there, he would give an occasional smile and nod as he looked down towards the disciples, giving them a gaze full of encouragement and consolation similar to the Foundation Establishment elders sitting beside him.

Seeing this scene, the Foundation Establishment elders beside him did not know whether to laugh or cry; while the disciples of the various peaks on the ground could only let their depression well up in their heart as they looked at Bai Xiaochun with growing hatred incapable of doing anything about it.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun had found a new way to flaunt his new status as the Junior Brother of the Sect Head - he started appearing frequently around the sect beside the Foundation Establishment cultivators to enjoy the same treatment as them.

As soon as he noticed any of those Foundation Establishment cultivators, he would immediately go up and greet them as ‘Senior Brother’ or ‘Senior Sister’ while putting on an obedient look, making them unable to say anything after they laid eyes on him. However, after this had happened numerous times, their expressions couldn’t help but turn weird. As for the disciples around the Foundation Establishment cultivators, they could only continuously address Senior Uncle Bai in exasperation.

This situation lasted for a quite some time, until once when Bai Xiaochun saw Li Qinghou, he was unable to control his urge and eventually called out in a friendly tone.

“Hi, Senior Brother Li.”

Li Qinghou’s had a haggard expression on his face; it was not until this day that he had finally completed the refinement of the Nine Absolutes Pill. He was just about to go out of the sect when he suddenly heard his name. He was stunned for a moment as he stopped in his tracks and looked around him. When he saw Bai Xiaochun, his face twitched a little. During this period of time, although he had been refining the pill, he too had heard the stories of Bai Xiaochun which had given him quite a headache. And now, seeing Bai Xiaochun addressing him like that, he threw a cold glare at him.

As soon as Bai Xiaochun shouted those words, regret washed over him. Now, as he saw Li Qinghou glaring at him, he instantly sucked in a deep breath; in this sect, the person he was most afraid of was undoubtedly Li Qinghou.

“Uncle Li….I...I was in the wrong.” Bai Xiaochun tearfully stammered.

Li Qinghou looked at Bai Xiaochun as exasperation rose in his heart. After giving him another fierce glare, Li Qinghou lectured Bai Xiaochun about his behaviour during this period of time.

“I will be making a trip out of the sect, it will probably take a few months to a year. Don’t be so mischievous during the time I am away, working hard and cultivating is the right way.” Li Qinghou left some advice for Bai Xiaochun before he turned around and left.

Bai Xiaochun let out a long sigh of relief as he looked at Li Qinghou’s fading figure. Although there was a hint of fear in his eyes, his gaze was still mostly filled with deep respect for all the elders. According to what he had heard from Du Lingfei, after he had gone missing, Li Qinghou had searched for him alone for a full two months. And when Li Qinghou came backing holding shreds of his clothes, he even started blaming himself.

Such warmth was something Bai Xiaochun had rarely felt in his entire life ever since his parents had passed away. And unknowingly, he had already began treating Li Qinghou as his relative deep in his heart.

After Li Qinghou’s scolding, Bai Xiaochun quieted down for half a month; he stopped coughing whenever he saw people, but he still stopped by Zhou Xinqi’s cave dwelling from time to time. When he thought about it, of all the people he was familiar with throughout the entire sect, Zhou Xinqi was the only one who hadn’t called him ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ yet.

Not until a few days later did he see Zhou Xinqi again, stepping onto her blue damask and leaving in a hurry. As Bai Xiaochun could not fly, he could only watch helplessly as the other party flew off into the distance with a depressed heart.

“Only a few people in the entire sect have such magical treasures that can let Qi Condensation disciples fly in the air. Unless one trained in a special technique like Chen Heng did, they could only rely on magical treasure for flight.”

“This is unfair, ah, shouldn’t these magical treasures be given by a teacher, but my...my teacher…” Bai Xiaochun sighed heavily. After a couple steps, he suddenly stopped. Hi gazed wandered around for a moment before he turned around and sprinted towards the Zhong Dao Mountain.

With his identity as the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, nothing obstructed him from entering the Zhong Dao Mountain. In no time, he had reached the mountain’s summit and arrived before the great hall where Sect Head Zheng Yuandong resided.

“Senior Brother Sect Head, my dear Senior Brother Sect Head!”

“I would like to pay my respects to teacher!” Bai Xiaochun swaggered in as he shouted loudly. Zheng Yuandong who was meditating within the great hall opened his eyes and let out a sigh.

During this period of time, countless number of people had come to find him and complain about Bai Xiaochun’s actions. Deep inside his heart, he already regretted his decision from before. But since the wood had already been used to make the boat, there was no choice but for him to close an eye to all these matters. After all, even though Bai Xiaochun might be mischievous and playful, his actions were harmless, and he was contented with just that.

At the moment he heard Bai Xiaochun shouting, Zheng Yuandong slowly walked out as he gave a cough with a serious expression.

“Enough, I’ve heard you.”

“Junior Brother pays his respects to Senior Brother Sect Head.” Bai Xiaochun had an obedient look as he quickly bowed the moment he saw Zheng Yuandong.

Seeing Bai Xiaochun’s obedient look, Zheng Yuandong sighed in his heart; he had finally understood what kind of person Bai Xiaochun was. After shaking his head with a bitter smile, he brought Bai Xiaochun to the forbidden grounds behind the mountain.

In a cave dwelling at the back of the mountains, a portrait of a middle-aged man hung on the wall. The man in the picture had a faint smile as he looked into the distance, and coupled with the extraordinary aura exuding from the painting, it was as if the man had not died, but was rather brimming with life.

Under the painting was an altar on which a variety of spirit fruits and spirit candles were placed. Although the entire cave seemed simple and elegant, it still gave off a solemn pressure.

The moment Bai Xiaochun entered the cave, he immediately went before the painting and dropped to his knees with a thud. With a respectful countenance, he solemnly kowtowed nine times towards the painting.

“Teacher, this disciple pays his respects to you.” Bai Xiaochun looked towards his teacher in the painting as his gaze shone with sincerity.

At the side, Zheng Yuandong nodded silently in his heart; he felt that even though Bai Xiaochun was unruly, he still had a loyal heart. From Zheng Yuandong’s experience, with just one look, he was able to see that Bai Xiaochun’s expression was truly sincere, and not something of pretense.

But immediately after that….Bai Xiaochun opened his mouth again.

“Teacher, your disciple is suffering ah, he can’t even fly...the other disciples, their teachers would bestow them with magical treasures, reward them with life-saving objects, I am the only one with nothing…”

“Teacher, ah, your disciple does not care about such material objects, as long as I can offer incense sticks to you, my teacher, I would be more than happy. Who knows, perhaps your spirit in heaven might even bestow a magical treasure to me when you visit me in my dreams…”

Listening to Bai Xiaochun, Zheng Yuandong who was standing by the side immediately widened his eyes.

“Teacher, to think that your disciple, for the sake of protecting the sect, for the sake of continuing our legacy of ten thousand years, for the sake of our sect’s justice, was hunted all around. With my life hanging on a thread, all my magical treasures were destroyed and abandoned; now that I have returned to the sect, I have nothing, my pockets empty, my belongings gone. I am simply worse off than a handyman…”

“But Teacher, you do not need to worry, it’s alright, even if this disciple does not have any protective treasures or flying treasures, he would climb the highest mountains and swim the deepest seas for the sect just the same, without any hesitation! But if there comes a time when I stopped offering incense to you, then perhaps it’s because I did not have any protective treasures, or any flying treasures to escape the dangers, and have lost my life… when that time comes, I will personally go find you so we can reunite with each other up there.” As he talked, Bai Xiaochun would slant his head from time to time to look at his Senior Brother Sect Head with a pitiful expression.

Zheng Yuandong’s face twitched; this time he was really stunned speechless by Bai Xiaochun. Throughout the years he had cultivated, this was his first time meeting a disciple as ridiculous and shameless as Bai Xiaochun.

At this moment he could only laugh bitterly inside his heart. As Zheng Yuandong lifted his head to look at his teacher in the painting, memories swarmed his mind. Especially the time when he first came under the tutelage of his teacher, his teacher had also given him a set of protective equipment then.

Thinking up till here, Zheng Yuandong let out a sigh and looked towards Bai Xiaochun with a soft gaze.

Not long after, Bai Xiaochun followed Zheng Yuandong out of the cave dwelling. Along the way, Bai Xiaochun kept looking at Zheng Yuandong with that pitiful expression of his. Until the both of them had walked out of the great hall at the Zhong Dao Mountain, Zheng Yuandong suddenly stopped in his tracks. He turned his head to look at Bai Xiaochun and waved his right hand. Immediately, one golden and one white flashing objects appeared in his hand.

The golden coloured one was a flying sword; it was palm-sized, but when it appeared, the space around it was slightly distorted, as if it radiated heat. Its appearance was also not ordinary; on its body, there were some intricate symbols slowly pulsing. Each time the light pulsed, ripples would spread into the surroundings.

As for the white light, it was a shield, similarly the size of a palm. Its body was white like jade, with a Divine Crane carved onto it. The crane looked quite vivid as a feeling of warmth pulsed from the shield from time to time.

Seeing both of these items, Bai Xiaochun immediately felt they were extraordinary; his eyes shone brightly and his breathing intensified. Very quickly, he also spotted that be it the sword or the shield, three silver streaks adorned them.

“The Golden Crow Sword, this sword has sealed a Golden Crow within it and possesses the power of flames, an illusory Golden Crow can be materialised and it would possess a cultivation similar to the user. It is suitable for flying and can be used up till the Early Foundation Establishment. If it explodes, its power would be even greater.”

”

“The Divine Crane Shield. It seals the soul of a Divine Crane and used it as a material for this protective equipment. It can allow you to block any life-threatening attacks under Foundation Establishment.”

“I had previously taken these two items to let a grandmaster spirit refine them three times, but dared not attempt to refine it any further. These two were also what teacher had gifted me when I first entered the sect. Today, I shall pass them to you on behalf of our teacher.” Zheng Yuandong looked at Bai Xiaochun with a soft expression as his gaze revealed a hint of encouragement.

“Thank you teacher, thank you Senior Brother Sect Head!” Bai Xiaochun said excitedly as he quickly received the items and lovingly held on to them, refusing to let them go even for a moment.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 - The Living Honourable Scion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 71 - The Living Honourable Scion

As for the spirit refinement, Bai Xiaochun paid closer attention to it because he had the Turtle-shell Pot. He had known for a long while that there was a Foundation Establishment Elder who was an expert in spirit refinement in the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

There were disciples from the sect that would go to that Foundation Establishment Elder, and after paying a certain amount of Contribution Points, they would request that Elder’s assistance. One or two refinements was alright, but after the second time, the success rate would plummet down.

It seemed that these two magic weapons had already contained three spiritual refinements in itself, saving Bai Xiaochun a three-coloured fire. Moreover, he did not need to conceal it and he could openly use it in front of anyone..

When he returned to the Scented Cloud Mountain, Bai Xiaochun quickly went to train with the Golden Crow Sword and the Divine Crane Shield. When Bai Xiaochun’s spiritual Qi fused with the Golden Crow Sword, it immediately emitted a very high temperature.

“This is a true treasure!” Bai Xiaochun inhaled deeply and made a hand seal. When he pointed forward, with a buzzing sound, the Golden Crow Sword turned into a golden ray of light, heading off into the distance in an instant. Along the way, even more heat spread out, forming a string of warped waves.

Bai Xiaochun formed a hand seal again and large amounts of his spiritual Qi surged into the Golden Crow Sword. The radiance from that Golden Crow Sword suddenly expanded several times and actually turned into an illusory Golden Crow.

This appearance of the bird was blurry. Even though it was only an outline, but in the instant that it appeared, a strong overbearing feeling suddenly spread out, causing the surrounding temperature to surge in an instant. Even Bai Xiaochun could feel his mind shudder under its imposing aura.

His breathing was rapid as he fixed his eyes on the Golden Crow Sword. The light in his eyes shone brighter and brighter until he finally bursted in a joyful laughter.

“This sword is definitely much better than my small wooden sword. It really is great having a Master.” Bai Xiaochun jumped up in a flash, stepping on top of that illusory Golden Crow.

Even though that Golden Crow was blurry, when Bai Xiaochun stepped on top of it, it was actually like stepping on even ground. Especially since the sword relied on his body’s spiritual energy to take form, it made him feel as though the sword was a part of his own body.

He stepped on the Golden Crow and with a hand seal, he immediately whistled through the air and circled the Scented Cloud Mountain speedily. He hastily slowed down where people crowded with his head held high as bursts of surprised cries sounded from below. Only then would Bai Xiaochun proudly increase his speed.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, can finally fly!” Bai Xiaochun was in high spirits, laughing excitedly from the bottom of his heart as he left the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion. As he was about to head to the other mountain peaks for a spin, the Golden Crow beneath his feet suddenly dimmed, disappearing in an instant. The Golden Crow Sword also unexpectedly began falling. Bai Xiaochun staggered and let out a frightened scream as his body plummeted down.

Fortunately, the area down below was not a chasm, but the sect’s road. His own speed was very fast, only after he landed did he manage to stop. He glanced to the side of the Scented Cloud Mountain. The distance from where he had fallen to the bottom of the mountain was quite large. If he had fallen all the way down, perhaps even his Impenetrable Skin wouldn’t save him from death… His face paled slightly.

“This was too dangerous!” Bai Xiaochun shivered and picked up the Golden Crow Sword. He realised that the spiritual Qi in his body was depleted and understood the reason as to why he had fallen down just now.

To a Qi Condensation cultivator, driving a sword to fly consumed too much spiritual energy. If it was any seventh level Qi Condensation disciple, the most that they could sustain it for was a dozen or so breaths before they would have no choice but to stop flying. Even Bai Xiaochun, who had a lot more spiritual energy in his body, could also not sustain it for more than a hundred breaths.

Bai Xiaochun did not dare continue trying out of fear from falling to his death. He quickly surveyed his surroundings, checking if there was anyone who had witnessed this embarrassing scene. He immediately discovered that not far away, there was a sturdy-looking man currently looking at him blankly with his mouth wide-open, shocked by the scene that he had just witnessed.

“Oh, isn’t that Nephew Wolf?” When Bai Xiaochun noticed the other party, he immediately glared at him and quickly ran over to him.

Only now did that sturdy-looking man come to his senses. When he heard those two words, ‘Nephew Wolf’, he shuddered and quickly payed his respects to Bai Xiaochun with a long face.

“Disciple Liu Ergou pays his respects to Senior Uncle Bai… I-I saw nothing just now.” This Liu Ergou was that fellow who had introduced himself as Mr.Wolf back when the Burning Stoves Kitchen was auctioning the positions of outer sect disciples.

Bai Xiaochun humphed a couple times, frightening him a bit. Not until he had confirmed that Liu Ergou would not speak of this matter to anyone did Bai Xiaochun pat him on the shoulder, promising him great benefits, and walk away.

Liu Ergou wiped the sweat from his forehead and quickly left.

Bai Xiaochun was glad that only Liu Ergou had seen him embarrass himself. If he had fallen down at the Ten Thousand Medicine Pavilion while in the limelight, then his reputation would be completely ruined...

“Alas, one really shouldn’t be too famous. Being famous is also troublesome.” Bai Xiaochun sighed emotionally, walking back to his courtyard with hands clasped behind.

After brief hesitation, decisiveness flashed in his eyes.

“This will not do. I still need to cultivate, if not, being unable to fly for long would be the least of my problems. If by any chance when I am running for my life in the future and I died not because I was killed by an enemy but because I had fallen to my death, I would feel wronged.” Bai Xiaochun thought to this point and then paused his eyes on the Golden Crow Sword and the Divine Crane Shield.

“Moreover, with considerations for the future, I better cover up these two treasures. This way, other people would only think that this is just my hobby, and when I take out other spiritually refined treasures in the future, they won’t pay too much attention to it.” Bai Xiaochun thought about it and took out those colourful saps that he had prepared long ago, smearing them on the Golden Crow Sword and the Divine Crane Shield.

Bai Xiaochun covered those couple faint spiritual lines and brandished the sword again, satisfied.

“In the future, when my herbal knowledge increases, I have to concoct a couple liquids to cover things up better.” Bai Xiaochun was a cautious person. Even now, with the status of the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, although he was running wild, he would still not cross the line in his heart.

“It is a shame that my cultivation is not enough. When I last saw Zhou Xinqi, she seemed to have reached the eighth level of Qi Condensation. Only by improving my cultivation will I be able to use the sword to fly for a longer time.” Bai Xiaochun was determined. Back then, from the incident with the Fallen Chen Clan, he had experienced the cruelness of the cultivation world and had realised how crucial it was to have the speed necessary to escape.

If he could’ve used a flying sword that time, even while carrying Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei, it would’ve been no easy task for the Fallen Chen Clan to catch up to them.

“I still need to concoct pills!” There was resolution in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. With his current status, even if the sect would not supply him with herbs for free, he could still concoct them in the Medicine Refinement Pavilion without spending Contribution Points. Thus, in the following days, the whole of Scented Cloud Mountain quietened down as Bai Xiaochun’s silhouette was seldomly seen.

He used a large amount of medicine recipes that he had acquired as well as the Spirit Stones and other goods gathered from the Fallen Chen clansmen to exchange for a lot of herbs in the market at the bottom of the mountain. After that, Bai Xiaochun headed for the Medicine Refinement Pavilion and began concocting medicines behind closed doors.

Time flew by and a couple months passed. Half a year had passed since Bai Xiaochun’s return. In this half a year, the whole South Bank had experienced a couple turbulences. Currently, things had quieted down, although there were still quite a lot of people who were still restless.

At the same time, with regards to Bai Xiaochun’s Honourable Disciple status, it also gradually spread from within the Sect to the whole of Eastern Forest continent in this half a year’s time.

There was a large amount of cultivator clans on the Eastern Forest continent. Many of which had connections with the Spirit River Sect, for example, the Hou Clan and Fallen Chen Clan.

To the Spirit River Sect’s disciples, even though Honourable Disciple was the highest title for a disciple, in reality, they believed in their hearts that it was not as great as being the Sect Head’s Junior Disciple.

However, it was just the opposite to those cultivator clans. The degree with which they regarded the title of Honourable Disciple far surpassed that of the Sect Head’s Junior Disciple. It could be said that they didn’t care for one being the Sect Head’s Junior Disciple, but were crazed with excitement over an Honourable Disciple.

Once they learned that Bai Xiaochun had become an Honourable Disciple, a large amount of the clan elders had suddenly gotten excited. In their eyes, Bai Xiaochun was clearly like a golden mountain, a living honourable scion.

Regardless of which cultivator clan it was, so long as Bai Xiaochun married into their family and produced descendants, those children’s futures would be limitless. And as they multiplied, the clan would also flourish under the Spirit River Sect’s support.

Therefore, as supportive cultivator clans, they would also rapidly climb up the social ladder like a carp leaping over the dragon’s gate.

There were only a total of nine Honourable Clans in the current Spirit River Sect. These nine Clans could even influence the decision-making of the sect in certain areas. Even if it wasn’t much, they were still considered important to a certain extent.

They were shockingly strong, making other cultivator clans extremely envious and fearful of them. In the past, they were powerless to change anything and could also do nothing to overturn the situation. They could only have their own clansmen establish a relationship with the Spirit River Sect and contribute to the Sect in order to obtain respectful statuses for the rest of their lives.

But now… Bai Xiaochun had appeared.

The most wonderful thing was that he came from a mundane background and was not a member of any one of the cultivator clans and… he did not have any companion yet. This was the sign of an available position as the tenth Honourable Clan, stirring up all of the cultivator clans in the Eastern Forest.

“Take along the most beautiful woman in my Zhou Clan and have them follow this old man to pay their respects to Fellow Bai!”

“Fei’er, you are my Zhao Clan’s pearl. This time, you must be sure to get on that Bai Xiaochun’s good side. If you can make him fancy you, then my Zhao Clan’s crisis will be immediately resolved!”

“Even though my Sun Clan’s daughter is not that outstanding, but we have resources. Let this old man prepare a rich gift and go pay our respects to Fellow Bai!”

A large amount of cultivator clans had sprung into action, each with their own methods. The clansmen inside the sect would try to get close to Bai Xiaochun whereas those on the North Bank were making their own moves. In a short period of time, Bai Xiaochun’s name spread throughout the whole of Eastern Forest continent.

It was the same with the Hou Clan.

“Yunfei, your relationship with Bai Xiaochun is special. For this matter… you must help the Clan. On your younger sister’s end, ah, I see that she has long since fixed her heart on Bai Xiaochun. Find a chance to bring them both together.” The Hou Clan’s patriarch was a middle-aged man. He had summoned Hou Yunfei and Hou Xiaomei, speaking to them sincerely.

Hou Xiaomei’s face flushed red and pouted, quickly running away.

Hou Yunfei felt anxious in his heart, but could only grudging agree with a nod of his head.

A few days later, people from these cultivator clans gradually began arriving and gathered outside of Bai Xiaochun’s residence on the Scented Cloud Mountain. Some well-informed one straightaway clustered outside of the Medicine Refinement Pavilion, eagerly awaiting Bai Xiaochun’s exit.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 - The Sect’s Rules
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 72 - The Sect’s Rules

After a few days, a rumbling sound resounded from within the pill-refinement room that Bai Xiaochun was in. Bai Xiaochun walked out with a woeful expression on his face.

“Refining Grade One medicine pills has nearly been perfected, but how can the Grade Two medicine pill be this difficult…” Bai Xiaochun groaned. These days, other than cultivating, he was also refining medicines. The herbs he had stashed were almost all consumed. He originally planned to try and refine a Grade Two spirit medicine, but realised that the difficulty had multiplied, and even if he was extremely cautious, he still kept failing.

Every attempt, he would discover a large amount of issues, and after solving them, even more would arise.

He sighed gloomily, walking out of the Medicine Refinement Pavilion. When he raised his head, he immediately noticed that there were actually quite a lot of people sitting cross-legged outside. These people were seated in groups of three or four people. A total of more than a dozen of people were seated, the majority of whom were youthful girls, none of which he had met before.

They were all beautiful young women. Each of them was attractive in their own way and were similar in terms of their good looks. When the bevy of young women noticed Bai Xiaochun, their eyes sparkled.

All these females were accompanied by elders. These elders too were pleasantly surprised when they noticed Bai Xiaochun and quickly stood up. A group of people quickly flocked to Bai Xiaochun.

“Stop, What’re you… trying to do?” Bai Xiaochun stared with his mouth wide open, unable to understand the circumstances as he subconsciously stepped back.

“Fellow Bai, this old man is Zhao Tianhai. Zhao Yiduo is my nephew. Haha, Fellow Bai is a young hero and is a fine-looking man as expected!”

“Fellow Bai is a like a dragon and phoenix among men, with extraordinary valiance. One look and I can tell that you are a roc in the clouds, a man with limitless future in this lifetime. Hoho, this old man is Sun Yunshan. These are young clanswomen from my Sun Clan. Is Fellow Bai lacking in maidservants that he can call upon by his side?”

“Fellow Bai, this old man is Zhou Tian. When I saw Fellow Bai, I could already sense your heroic spirit blow against my face as if I had seen a future pillar of ourEastern Range cultivation world. It feels like we are old friends meeting for the first time. Have a look at the women by my side and see how they are. Every single one of them is one of my Zhou Clan’s treasured pearls...”

Countless voices were vying to be heard. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened and backed away again. After listening for a long while, he only understood that these people were here to present their young clanswomen to him...

But he had no idea why. All these women before his eyes were quite beautiful, quite a few matched his taste. With all these women delivered to him on a silver platter, if he were to reject them all, it would appear that he was not giving them any face. This made Bai Xiaochun quite wary.

However, he was crafty when it came to dealing with people and did not reveal the thoughts in his heart. With a smile on his face, he made small talk with the representatives of the cultivator clans that had approached him and quickly excused himself.

Before he could even return to his residence, he came across various people demanding his attention along the way. All of them had similar purposes - presenting their young clanswomen, resources and countless goods.

“What is the big deal! Could it be that they have investigated my origins and discovered an extraordinary immortal? Could it be that I, Bai Xiaochun, am not an ordinary civilian and I… I, Bai Xiaochun, am actually someone with a background as large as the heavens? Heavens, even I didn’t know these things!” Shock gripped Bai Xiaochun’s heart as he lost himself in various fantasies and conjectures as he hurried to his courtyard. When he returned to his residence, he was once again surrounded by a group of people from the cultivator clans who were waiting there. Every single one of them had an eager look in their eyes, as if so long as Bai Xiaochun nodded his head, anything was possible!

Especially all those girls, all of them huddled around Bai Xiaochun’s side, glaring at one another; pushing and shoving each other around.

This scene caused Bai Xiaochun’s scalp to go numb. He was stuck in the middle of all of them, surrounded by softness and some even pulling his clothes. While gripped with anxiety, a cold humph suddenly arrived from the side. Hou Xiaomei glared with puffed cheeks as she angrily moved forward, tearing the girls away from Bai Xiaochun.

“Get off, get off!”

“What in the world are you people doing? This is the Spirit River Sect’s Scented Cloud Mountain. Do none of you aunties know any modesty? All of you, get off. And you, you are so skinny that you look like a lentil, what’re you getting all excited for? And what about you, you fat sow. Get off!” Hou Xiaomei’s angry voice sounded as she approached, pushing away all the girls surrounding Bai Xiaochun.

She was fuming with anger. She was without a doubt petite, but it seemed as if her strength knew no boundaries. Under this barrage of words, those girls immediately stopped. Hou Xiaomei put her hands on her waist with a scowl. Her words were most vicious, aimed at their Achilles’ heels.

Bai Xiaochun took the opportunity to quickly escape to his courtyard. When he looked down, he was shocked to discover his clothes disheveled.

“That was scary!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. Still shocked, he raised his head to look outside. Hou Xiaomei was standing at the gate and arguing heatedly, one against dozens of people.

In the end, those representatives from the cultivator clans could not watch any further, and one by one, they all left under her persuasions. Before leaving, they cupped their fist to Bai Xiaochun, saying that they will come visit again another day.

Not until dusk arrived did silence arrive at the gateway. But one look into the distance revealed many representatives sent by cultivator clans sitting cross-legged nearby.

The cultivator clans’ representatives all had their own means to be allowed to stay there, no one could chase them away.

Bai Xiaochun felt that something big must have happened, so after seeing the outsides quieten down, he pulled Hou Xiaomei inside.

Hou Xiaomei was incomparably daring and resolute toward outsiders, but after being pulled by the arm by Bai Xiaochun, her face immediately flushed red. She felt her small head become dizzy and obediently went along with Bai Xiaochun, allowing herself to be pulled to his side.

“B-Big brother Xiaochun, there are a lot of people here, what are you doing…” Hou Xiaomei muttered, whispering softly just like a mosquito.

(ED note: Hou Xiaomei uses gēgē here, a rather intimate way to address an older brother)

“Huh?” Bai Xiaochun blanked out when he saw Hou Xiaomei act in such a way. Surprised, he slapped Hou Xiaomei’s face. Seeing Hou Xiaomei still hadn’t returned to normal, he slapped her again.

“What is the matter with you?”

Hou Xiaomei snapped out of her daze and stomped her foot in embarrassment when she realised that she had misunderstood Bai Xiaochun. She threw a jade slip at Bai Xiaochun and quickly ran out with her head lowered.

Seeing Hou Xiaomei run away, Bai Xiaochun was at loss as he took a look at the jade slip Hou Xiaomei had left behind. After using his spiritual energy to scan the jade slip, his eyes suddenly widened and he inspected it once again. After a long time, he went into the courtyard and sighed deeply.

“Honourable Clan…”

This was the jade slip that Hou Yunfei had allowed Hou Xiaomei to send. There were some things that she really couldn’t say out loud, as such, she had relayed the temptations of Bai Xiaochun’s status as an Honourable Disciple toward the cultivator clans, resolving his confusions. Lastly, she also vaguely mentioned that their Hou Clan was also extremely interested in Bai Xiaochun’s blood descendants and hoped that… they would possess half of the Hou Clan’s blood.

Thinking of Hou Xiaomei’s appearance just now, Bai Xiaochun placed a hand under his white chin, a gleam slowly appeared in his eyes. His attention was not placed on Hou Xiaomei, but rather how the whole matter was like a gift granted to him by heavens!

“I never imagined that, ah… I initially thought that the reward that I received for my contributions this time was useless. Only my status as the Sect Head’s Junior Brother made me stand out from the rest in the sect. I never thought that my status as an Honourable Disciple that I took no notice of was actually so highly regarded outside the sect!” Bai Xiaochun licked his lips, his heart beating wildly.

“Simply choosing my partner and so many resources would be given to me for free… There is hope for immortality!” Bai Xiaochun chuckled as the gleam in his became brighter. He was initially worried that refining Grade Two spiritual medicine consumed too much resources and he wouldn’t be able to sustain himself. But now, there were suddenly so many people vying to send him people and presents as per his wishes.

“It is really a pity. If only I could have all of them…” While Bai Xiaochun was mumbling to himself, an idea suddenly flashed across his mind.

“That is right, why wouldn’t I have it all!” Bai Xiaochun let out a dry cough and returned back inside of his cabin. He did not rest throughout that night as he pondered about this matter. On the morning, he went outside in high spirits. When he opened the courtyard’s door, he discovered there were already many clansmen waiting outside from long ago.

“Fellow Bai…”

“I pay my respects to Fellow Bai. This humble one goes by the name Laozu from the Feng Clan, and has come for a visit…”

Everybody began talking and countless voices were raised. Bai Xiaochun raised his chin and flourished his small sleeve.

“Alright, come in clan by clan if you have any matters to discuss.” Bai Xiaochun spoke with a smile on his face, pointing toward a random clan. That cultivator clan’s representative immediately beamed and quickly went in, bringing the young clanswomen by his side together with him.

Not long later, he left along with those young clanswomen, his expression revealed him contemplating about the gains and the losses. The surrounding representatives of their respective cultivators clans watched on worriedly, and one by one, they all quickly sent messages back to their clans.

In this manner, another clan went in. Slowly, the clans went in one by one until a whole day had passed and Bai Xiaochun had met dozens of the cultivator clans’ representatives.

He neither picked nor rejected any of the young clanswomen. He told each and every one of them that he needed to think this matter through as it was too important to not consider it twice. He had also repeatedly rejected those so-called gifts presented at the first meeting.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, walk and sit with my back straight. Since I have not decided as to whether I would establish a connection with your esteemed clan through marriage, then it is really inappropriate to accept these gifts.” Bai Xiaochun spoke these words to every single clan that visited him.

The more he said those words, the less any of the cultivator clans’ representatives would blunder as to really take away the gifts presented at this first meeting. Hence, one by one, they became polite to the point of even saying that if they were unable to become relatives by marriage, then they could at least be friends. Only after Bai Xiaochun dropped his resistance did he accept those gifts.

These representatives of the cultivator clans were naturally no fools and could see through Bai Xiaochun’s words, and realised that in reality, he was waiting to see all of the clans before selecting the one which suited him the most.

But this matter was already within their expectations. They were not afraid of sending gifts. The only thing they were afraid of was Bai Xiaochun not picking one at all. Therefore, when the next day arrived, not only did the representatives not decrease, but they conversely increased. A lot of the cultivator clans had even brought some young clanswomen not necessarily as partners. After all, even a maidservant could warm the bed. As long as it resulted in a blood descendant, all they needed was for Bai Xiaochun to recognise it as his child.

These cultivator clans that came to visit Bai Xiaochun were all competing against one another using the first-meeting gifts they presented. On the receiving end, Bai Xiaochun was getting nervous. In the end, even if he wanted to reject, the other party would think that he was looking down on their clan.

“Alright, I will accept… How can I not accept?” Bai Xiaochun received them for about seven-eight days in a row and had already gotten used to seeing a group of people waiting for him once he opened the gate every morning.

This continued until three days later… Bai Xiaochun opened the gate in the morning just like usual and stiffened. There was not a single person outside the gate… It was completely empty and when he raised his head to look out into the distance, that didn’t change.

Only some five-coloured phoenixes were floating in the distance. Those phoenixes were Elder Zhou’s treasured pets and would usually circle around the Scented Cloud Mountain every day, especially in the morning when they would dance together in the air. It was very beautiful and a lot of disciples marveled at them.

Bai Xiaochun rubbed his eyes and felt that there must have been something wrong with the way that he opened the door, so he opened it once again but the result was still the same. Only then did he come to his senses.

“What’s going on?” Bai Xiaochun hastily walked out in surprise, looking for Hou Yunfei to inquire and discover the answer.

“Senior Uncle Bai… The Sect Head, as your Senior Brother, he announced to all of the cultivator clans that… according to the sect rules, you can’t take a partner within a hundred years. So… everyone had no choice but to leave.” Hou Yunfei sighed and looked at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned as he felt deeply wronged in his heart.

“This has destroyed my income and ruined my marriage…”

Hou Yunfei did not know whether to laugh or to cry. He suddenly seemed to remember something, and with a serious expression on his face, he slowly spoke.

“Xiaochun, I heard from my friends on the Green Peak Mountain that there was some conflict between you and Shangguan Tianyou? Qian Dajin does not matter because the sect has also resolved it discreetly, but Shangguan Tianyou is not easy!”

“What is not so easy? He’s a generation older than me?” Bai Xiaochun had already been in the Spirit River Sect for many years. He had long since understood the sect’s ways of governing the disciples. They prohibited any killing between one another and encouraged them to help and compete with one another. As for the general management, each mountain had its Elders with the Ancestors helping with its overall management. There was also the Law Enforcement Agency that served as deterrence and the Sect Head who supervised them all.

However, combined with the smaller areas, the Southern and Northern parts of the Spirit River Sect together would result in tens of thousands of people. Naturally, it was impossible to supervise all the fights and conflicts between disciples or those that had a lot of wicked thoughts. However, they strictly adhered to the rules when it came to rewarding and punishing. If there was anyone who overstepped the boundaries, the punishment would be extremely severe!

The sect naturally knew all about the feats, herbal achievements and valiance in combat that Bai Xiaochun had, and they regarded him highly. However, they would not pamper him. Even if there were people ridiculing him or provoking him, no one who would jump out and stop them… Not a single disciple had this kind of treatment before. Regardless of whether it was Shangguan Tianyou or Bai Xiaochun, it was all the same.

Therefore, even though Bai Xiaochun had never seen Shangguan Tianyou. Even though Shangguan Tianyou was very arrogant, holding the lofty title of a Heaven’s Chosen, he was still hailed as a Young Master by inner sect disciples while being an outer sect disciple himself. In the end, Bai Xiaochun still payed him no attention.

Hou Yunfei pondered for a moment before continuing to speak.

“Shangguan Tianyou’s ambitions are very big. His goal is to one day enter the Legacy Order. That is why he has been suppressing his cultivation so that he does not break through. He has been waiting for the specially appointed divide between the Inner and Outer Sect from which the eighth level Qi Condensation Heaven’s Chosen from the South Bank and the North Bank will compete against one another. He wants to enter the Inner Sect with the status of the top disciple which would allow him to chase after the Legacy Order in the future. If not, he would have long since applied for the promotional exam to the Inner Sect. After all, once one reaches the eighth level of Qi Condensation, they would most likely succeed in the trial and become an inner sect disciple.”

“No matter what, he must enter the Legacy Order? I heard from Xu Baocai that Zhou Xinqi and Lu Tianlei also have this kind of aspiration.” Bai Xiaochun was slightly shocked.

“Even though Legacy Disciple titles is on the same level as your Honourable Disciple title, it has a different hierarchy in the Spirit River Sect. The Spirit River Sect is different from the other sects because it has two hierarchies. One to govern over the Sect, and the other to constantly increase one’s position in the sect by the accumulation of hard work!

Up to the third level of Qi Condensation are handymen, from there up to the eighth level of Qi Condensation are outer sect disciples, and after reaching the eighth level of Qi Condensation, one can apply for the Inner Sect promotional exams. After they succeeded, one is promoted to an inner sect disciple.

If one reaches the Foundation Establishment stage… then one can become a Foundation Establishment Elder and even hope of becoming an Ancestor of a mountain. If one reaches the Golden Core powerhouse after two sixty year cycles, then they would be the sect’s Grand Elder, protecting and governing the Sect. These are all part of the first hierarchy.

There is also the second hierarchy, the Legacy Order!

There is only one way to enter the Legacy Order… Breaking through to the Golden Core stage within two sixty year cycles. From there, one can detach himself from the mundane. They would achieve a position in the cultivation world after breaking through for the Sect, obtaining even larger resources as well as accumulating… the true reality beneath the surface!

To only use two sixty year cycles to reach the Golden Core is way too difficult… In the current generation, the one with the highest potential was Li Qinghou, therefore, the sect regards him very highly!” There was an expectant look in Hou Yunfei’s eyes as he told Bai Xiaochun all the news as if he was his own clansman.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. This was the first time that he had heard of the Legacy Order. This conversation had also given him a clearer understanding of the sect. Even after he left, he still thought about the matter for a long time.

“Legacy Order?”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73A - Who did it?!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 73A - Who did it?!

Bai Xiaochun lamented as he left Hou Yunfei’s place and returned to his courtyard. He gazed at the sky then looked towards the earth; he first thought about the Legacy Order, then he thought back about those cultivator clans. Recalling Hou Yunfei’s words, he felt that his Senior Brother Sect Head was simply too cruel. But as he thought about it further…even though he could no longer receive any gifts, he needn’t return those he had already accepted either.

“That’s right, they can’t blame me for it. After all, it was the order of Senior Brother Sect Head!” Once Bai Xiaochun realised this, he felt somewhat relieved. After he organised the gifts that he had received these past few days, he went down the mountain to exchange them for a large amount of medicinal herbs needed for the Grade Two spirit medicines. When he returned, he immediately headed for the Medicine Refining Pavilion and started meditating and refining medicine.

Actually, Zheng Yuandong didn’t want to interfere between Bai Xiaochun and the cultivator clans, but he couldn’t help but be alarmed; the nine Honourable Disciples before Bai Xiaochun all had their titles bestowed upon them after they had died in battle. Though those disciples may not have had any descendants, they all originated from cultivator clans and had clan members. Hence, there were no problems as these family clans would just naturally become an Honourable Clan.

And the sect would spare no effort to protect those families and emphasise on developing their clan members.

But currently, Bai Xiaochun was a living Honourable Disciple; the terror of such a position was not evident in the beginning, but was now slowly revealing itself. Half a year after the news had spread, Zheng Yuandong and many others suddenly realised that they had neglected the temptation a living Honourable Disciple presents to those cultivator clans.

When countless cultivator clans had come to visit, Zheng Yuandong had only watched from afar; whichever clan Bai Xiaochun chose would’ve been fine, he thought. But he hadn’t imagined that those clans, under the situation of overwhelming demand, would be desperate enough to present their young clanswomen as maidservants, asking only for a descendant of Bai Xiaochun’s bloodline.

Zheng Yuandong could imagine that as long as Bai Xiaochun’s determination wavered and caved in to such demands, then… in a matter of years, tens and hundreds of Bai Xiaochun’s blood descendants would crop up. And according to the sect’s rules, the first generation of descendants of an Honourable Disciple would all be inner sect disciples from birth, and every single one of them would need to be developed by the sect with their utmost effort… but that wasn’t all. As those tens and hundreds of people started their own families, tens and hundreds of Honourable Clans would appear, and by a few hundred years, the entire Spirit River Sect would belong to the Bai Family…and this was a grave problem.

Moreover…...Bai Xiaochun would still be alive. As long as he kept producing new descendants, then the sect would be in an everlasting nightmare.

For this matter, Zheng Yuandong had to convene the council of elders overnight, and even report this matter up to the Grand Elders. They finally reached a unanimous decision that within a hundred years, Bai Xiaochun was not allowed to have a partner. Though this decision may seem cruel, Zheng Yuandong had no choice - he dared not place his bets on Bai Xiaochun’s restraint. He could only hope that after Bai Xiaochun lived for a hundred years, he would become more mature.

Time flashed by, in the blink of an eye, a year had passed.

Throughout this year, it was as if Bai Xiaochun had vanished from the South Bank; barely anyone saw him as he spent his entire time refining medicine and meditating in the Medicine Refining Pavilion, working tirelessly to refine a Grade 2 Spirit Medicine.

His cultivation level had also slowly increased unknowingly and had reached the mid-stage of the seventh level of Qi Condensation. Moreover, under his constant efforts, the problems he had in refining Grade Two spirit medicines were also gradually resolved.

Actually, if it was any other Medicine Apprentice, they would have long since been capable capable of refining Grade Two spirit medicines. But Bai Xiaochun, he always had that meticulousness to him - as long as a problem was not resolved, he would not start the next furnace.

Finally, on this day, after an entire year, he felt that other than making adjustments for the different problems corresponding to the different Grade Two medicine pills during refinement, he had an impeccable foundation when it came to refining Grade Two spirit medicines. With that thought in mind, he started his next furnace.

“Purple Rising Qi Pill!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot. This Grade Two medicine pill was suitable for cultivators under the eighth level of Qi Condensation. As such, it was exactly what Bai Xiaochun currently needed. At this moment, he took out the various items and medicinal herbs, organising them with practiced hands before he began throwing them into the furnace.

While controlling the fire, he observed the changes within the pill furnace by sending out Qi from time to time. Six hours later, the pill furnace shook vigorously and medicinal aroma wafted out. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes immediately brightened as he quickly stood up and moved closer to the pill furnace. With a slap onto it, three red-coloured medicine pills instantly flew out.

“Success!” Bai Xiaochun said excitedly as he grabbed onto these three medicine pills. However, when he looked closer, he became startled. He sighed and inspected the medicine pills thoroughly once again.

“This isn’t right, the Purple Rising Qi Pill should by purple-coloured according to the description in the medicine recipe. How come the ones that I refined are all red?” Bai Xiaochun scratched his head in confusion. Taking the medicine pill close to his nose for a sniff, he noticed that the medicinal aroma was not only very heavy, but it also contained some Qi. With it having such a weird smell, and in addition, a wrong colour, Bai Xiaochun did not dare swallow the pill.

Bai Xiaochun fell silent as he carefully recalled the entire refinement procedure. It was not until two hours later that he suddenly opened his eyes and let out a bitter laugh.

“It was when I put in the Agate Flower, that stalk had a little more pollen than usual and contaminated the other medicinal plants, causing such a bizarre change.” Bai Xiaochun placed the three red-coloured medicine pill aside and began refining another batch.

This time around, together with the shaking of the pill furnace and the appearance of the medicinal aroma, a single purple-coloured medicine pill appeared. After closely inspecting it, satisfaction surfaced on Bai Xiaochun’s face.

Immediately after, he started yet another furnace. This time, he continued refining for numerous days; only after he had refined over a dozen Purple Rising Qi pills did he finally sit by the side, exhausted. While he was resting, he took out those three red-coloured Purple Rising Qi pills once again. There was hesitation in his eyes, he felt that it would be a pity if he were to just throw these pills away. After all, each and every single Purple Rising Qi pill was not cheap, and his stock of medicinal herbs had also been considerably depleted at this point.

“According to the laws of medicine refining, as long as a pill is formed, then it is considered a spirit medicine. These three red-coloured Purple Rising Qi pills had a change in colour because of a little bit more of the Agate Flower’s pollen, I wonder what effect it will have.” Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment before he slapped his storage pouch with his left hand as a needle immediately appeared.

The needle was made of bamboo and was green in colour.

This was an essential item for medicine refining that Bai Xiaochun had obtained from the sect. It could be easily determine whether or not a spirit medicine contained poisonous elements harmful to humans. Bai Xiaochun slowly poked the bamboo needle into the red-coloured medicine pill and took it out half a moment later - the bamboo needle was the same and didn’t turn black.

“There’s no poison!” Bai Xiaochun heaved a sigh of relief. However, because of his cautiousness, he still did not consume the medicine pill. He held onto the pill and left the Medicine Refining Pavilion. It was still the early morning outside when Bai Xiaochun walked along the path in the sect.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter of the week. Last for today, 4 coming up tomorrow night, including the second half of this chapter. Thank you for reading!

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73B - Who did it?!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 73B - Who did it?!

Up above in the sky, a flock of five-coloured phoenixes were elegantly soaring through the air, giving out crystal-clear cries. Bai Xiaochun didn’t bother with those phoenixes, instead, he headed to a Spirit Tailed Chicken coop and requested one of the chickens. After that, he immediately headed back to his own courtyard and took out one of the red-coloured medicine pills. With a flick of his hand, he threw the medicine pill onto the ground in front of the Spirit Tailed Chicken.

The Spirit tail Chicken, which was originally lazing around, quivered immediately after it noticed the pill, and without delay, it sprung up and pecked at it.

But just then, a sharp cry resounded from the sky as a fierce gust of wind swept by. Before the Spirit Tailed Chicken could even eat the medicine pill, its body was immediately swept aside by the wind.

Bai Xiaochun jumped in shock and quickly backed away. When he looked across, he saw that the flock of five-coloured phoenixes that were previously flying in the skies were now all zooming in on the medicine pill with a fervent look in their eyes and were even fighting each other on the way. Soon, one obviously much more muscular male suppressed its companions and swooped down in an instant. It pecked the medicine pill and quickly swallowed it.

After it was done, it threw a look of contempt toward the Spirit Tailed Chicken that was blown to the side and then elegantly rose up into the sky. Bai Xiaochun didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry as he stared blankly at the sky.

The phoenix that had elegantly soared up suddenly shuddered as it let out a piercing screech. Its eyes turned red as countless of blood vessels expanded in its eyes. The feathers all across its body stood on end, as if fire was about to surge out from within it.

What was even more surprising was that the muscles over the entire body of this male phoenix suddenly bulged, and with crackling sound, its entire figure doubled in size. Most notably, the feathered area between its two claws, in the center of its abdomen, a hard stick suddenly appeared.

This male phoenix had an odd gaze as it suddenly turned to look at the surrounding phoenixes.

The phoenixes all around trembled. Just when they were about to scatter, that male phoenix suddenly pounced at one of them as if was struck with insanity. Immediately, a shrill phoenix cry filled the air.

Bai Xiaochun stared with his mouth wide open. He sucked in a breath as he stood dazed in his courtyard, watching the scene unfolding in the sky right in front of him. He watched as that muscular phoenix… ravaged every last phoenix. After which, with its eyes still red, it charged at Bai Xiaochun as if its entire body was on fire.

This scared Bai Xiaochun out of his wits as he quickly stepped back, barely stopping himself from screaming.

Fortunately, he discovered that the phoenix bird was not heading toward him as it swept away that Spirit Tailed Chicken with one claw.

A good while later, Bai Xiaochun watched the male phoenix fly towards the mountain’s peak with a screeching cry. Not until then did Bai Xiaochun wipe off the perspiration on his forehead.

“This was way too scary…..just what kind of medicine pill was that!” Bai Xiaochun lowered his head and looked at the remaining two medicine pills in his hand. He felt his heart tremble as he vaguely guessed that these two medicine pills had similar effects to an aphrodisiac pill, and quite obviously… its effects were above average.

This day, for every disciple of the Scented Cloud Mountain, would be unforgettable...

Because on this day, in the entire Scented Cloud Mountain, every single bird - no matter what type - would get ravaged by a crazed phoenix raised by Elder Zhou… in front of the eyes of countless of disciples. And these disciples saw with their own eyes how each and every single one of those birds let out tragic cries as they desperately tried to escape from the clutches of the phoenix, but would never be able to match up to the strength of Elder Zhou’s phoenix, sealing their fate...

This wicked phoenix didn’t spare even the Spirit Tailed Chickens, much less the other kinds of birds that Elder Zhou had raised. And so, from the top to the bottom of the mountain, as long as a creature had wings… on this day, it would experience its worst nightmare.

All the disciples were having heated discussions as they witness these scenes. Each of them all felt their hearts tremble in fear. The news reached even the Purple Cauldron Mountain and Green Peak Mountain, some were even curious enough to come and see it for themselves.

“Did you hear, one of the phoenixes of Scented Cloud Mountain’s Elder Zhou went mad, pouncing on any bird as it sees it…”

“I saw it with my own eyes, that phoenix bird was too savage, even the magpies just passing by were not spared…”

“Just what did Elder Zhou do to make that phoenix do that……”

“How terrifying, I even saw that phoenix bird, unable to contain its excitement, attack some birds over and over again, what a tragedy!”

As Bai Xiaochun walked in the sect, he heard numerous people discussing in hushed voices; his heart trembled as he felt guilt stir his heart.

“You can’t blame me, it really wasn’t my fault… I was going to give the medicine pill to the Spirit Tailed Chicken… it was that phoenix who snatched it on its own accord!” Bai Xiaochun felt wronged as he quickly rushed back to the Medicine Refining Pavilion, thinking that he should not let anyone known about this matter.

Inside the Medicine Refining Pavilion, he let out a sigh as he took out the two red-coloured medicine pills and fell deep into thought.

“To think this medicine pill is so impressive, perhaps it could become one of my trump cards… in the future, when I meet monsters, I won’t have to be afraid anymore.”

“If I want to use it as a trump card, then I would still need to refine a pill that gives off a strong female scent to complement it.” Bai Xiaochun imagined the scenario in his mind; with these two medicine pill, whenever he meets a monster, he could directly throw one at it and then throw the other somewhere else, luring the monster away.

His heart was tempted, however, he didn’t have the medicine recipe for such a pill. He thought long and hard as all his herbal knowledge flashed through his mind and he went through each and every one of them, preparing to create a medicine recipe on his own.

Just as Bai Xiaochun was in the Medicine Refining Pavilion contemplating about his new medicine recipe, Elder Zhou had came out from the peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain. He stood in a daze as he saw the listless looks on most of the phoenixes in front of him. Not too far away, that male phoenix bird was currently pressing upon the body of a Spirit Tailed Chicken as it screeched repeatedly.

Elder Zhou felt an explosion go off in his head as his entire body trembled. The whole world before him seemed like it was spinning as he let out an earth-shaking roar.

“WHO DID IT!!!”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 - It was Bai Xiaochun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 74 - It was Bai Xiaochun

Elder Zhou’s voice resounded throughout the entire Scented Cloud Mountain. As it echoed out, countless disciples’ expressions turned weird upon hearing it - what happened today on the Scented Cloud Mountain shocked everyone completely.

Even the other elders in Scented Cloud Mountain were also shocked speechless by this turn of events. Moreover, that phoenix bird was a beloved pet of Elder Zhou’s, hence others didn’t dare interfere. If they were to accidentally injure that crazed phoenix, they might arouse the displeasure of Elder Zhou.

And even more importantly… on the entire Scented Cloud Mountain, the only person who raised birds was Elder Zhou. Hence, no matter how much they thought about it, it was Elder Zhou’s personal matters and outsiders weren’t in a position to interfere.

As for the Spirit Tailed Chickens...Li Qinghou had went out of the sect, and Zhou Xinqi who was his disciple had the responsibility in this matter. However, even if she had the heart, she did not have the strength for it. After all, that male phoenix bird was too fearsome, throughout the day, she could only watch from afar with a face flushed with embarrassment, not daring to take even a step forward.

At this moment, Elder Zhou’s body shook uncontrollably as he watched the screeching phoenix with a pained expression. After turning his gaze to look at the ravaged birds prostrated all around him, he wanted to cry but had no tears.

“I will definitely investigate just who is the culprit!” With Elder Zhou’s expertise in the Dao of medicine, he could see with a single look that his phoenix bird had been drugged.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun was hiding inside the room of the Medicine Refining Pavilion. Even though this place could block most of the sounds from outside, the angry roar from the enraged Elder Zhou possessed a fearsome penetration, and even from here, Bai Xiaochun could still faintly hear it.

His heart trembled as indignance surfaced on his face; he really felt wronged...

Right now, he could only hope that this matter was untraceable. If Elder Zhou were to find him… Bai Xiaochun thought with a gloomy expression. His head was still filled with thoughts on how to refine the complementary medicine pill that could help bring out the effects of that aphrodisiac pill.

He had continuously researched for days and went out a few times to buy the necessary medicinal herbs. He even used his Contribution Points to exchange for some herbs that were hard to obtain from outside and then repeatedly tested their effects in the Medicine Refining Pavilion.

The sound of a pills breaking and exploding frequently sounded out from his room. Strictly speaking, this was the first time that Bai Xiaochun had tried creating a medicine recipe from scratch. Previously, during the examination to become a Medicine Apprentice, even though he had gained some enlightenment, all he did was a few slight changes to the recipe.

But this time It was different. He was creating something out of thin air, the difficulty of such a feat was incomparable to what he had done before. If this was the Bai Xiaochun from before, who had just been promoted to a Medicine Apprentice, with his expertise in the Dao of medicine would have been impossible to achieve this feat. However, with almost more than a year’s worth of research in the Dao of medicine, the current Bai Xiaochun already had the capabilities to take on such a challenge.

Although still hazy, the path he was treading on was already beyond the imagination of any normal Medicine Apprentice; instead it was the great Dao that Medicine Masters themselves would explore.

Time flashed by, and half a month passed. Bai Xiaochun was still inside the Medicine Refining Pavilion, immersed in creating his own medicine recipe. Under his continuous attempts, he already had some ideas.

At the same time, as he was about to start the furnace with an excited expression, Elder Zhou stood on the peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain with a pained expression; he took out a medicine pill and fed it to a listless phoenix lying in front of him.

“Rest well, what you did before was all against your will, it is not your fault. When you get better, bring this old man to the person that drugged you. No matter who he is, I will definitely make that person pay the price!” Elder Zhou’s expression revealed a hint of ferocity; this whole half a month he had thoroughly investigated not only the entire Scented Cloud Mountain, but even the other mountains in the South Bank.

However, he did not find any clues. Hence, the only option he had left was to wait for the phoenix to rest for a while and then personally take him to the culprit.

At the same time, he had also noticed, that during this half a month, in the entire Scented Cloud Mountain...not a single winged bird so much as showed up. It was as if after the tragedy that occurred half a month ago, this place had become taboo for all birds.

As if the air above exuded an stifling odor, and whenever a birds smelled it, its expression would change and dare not come. Even those Spirit Tailed Chickens were trembling the whole day. Seeing their lifeless and restless states, those disciples that reared the Spirit Tailed Chickens all had depressed looks on their faces. They didn’t dare voice their grievances and could only keep them in their hearts.

Gradually, after this incident settled down, a string of rumours started spreading around the Scented Cloud Mountain.

“Do you still remember that bird from half a month ago? I heard a piece of news... that bird actually ate Elder Zhou’s medicine and that’s why it turned out like that… with Elder Zhou already being so old, I wonder why would he be refining this type of medicine…”

“Shh...lower your voice, don’t you know why Elder Zhou likes those phoenixes so much… there is a tragic secret within it ah. Elder Zhou never had a partner for his entire life, hehe...you should get the idea.”

“Heavens! That’s crazy, don’t tell me that those birds could no longer tolerate the tortures of Elder Zhou and that’s why they went mad!”

The further the rumours spread, the more exaggerated they became. In the end, most of Scented Cloud Mountain’s disciples had heard of the news. And when each of them spread it to others, they can’t help but fluff it up a bit with their imagination. In the end, all kind of rumours had appeared.

When Elder Zhou heard of this matter, he was so angry that he almost spat blood from his mouth. He wanted to explain, but whenever the disciples saw him, their expressions couldn’t help but change and no matter how much he defended himself, it was all in vain. Even though the disciples would bow their heads in respect on the surface, the rumours only got worse and worse...

Another half a month passed. On this day, a vicious killing intent burst from Elder Zhou as his face became unprecedentedly dark. With a wave of his right hand, the male phoenix bird which had been resting for the past month immediately flew out. Its muscular build was still maintained and even its aura was stronger than before. It had evidently benefited from the accident.

Initially when Elder Zhou saw this scene, he felt a little better deep in his heart, but as long as the anger in him was not vented out. He could never rest in peace as he thought back to the events of the past month; how countless sect disciples had looked at him with dreadful looks, the weird expressions accompanied by dry coughs from his peers and especially those rumours that made him seethe with anger. At this moment, he took the phoenix bird with him and flew off together.

“Go search, search for the person who drugged you!” Elder Zhou said through clenched teeth.

The phoenix bird let out a cry as it immediately sped off through the air. Elder Zhou followed behind, the killing intent emitted from his body growing stronger and stronger. This attracted the attention of many disciples. Some of the nosy ones even followed from behind.

In no time at all, that male phoenix bird had dashed straight to the residence of Bai Xiaochun. When it arrived, it circled above it and cocked its head to look at Elder Zhou with an indignant expression. It let out piercing cries, as if telling Elder Zhou that this was the place where he was drugged.

The surrounding disciples that were following behind all witnessed this scene with widened eyes. They were first stunned, but when they realised whom this cavern belonged to, they all binked their eyes and their expressions turned weird.

(ED Note: After checking through the last few chapters, there were no indications that Bai has gone from his courtyard to a cavern. However, the raws of this chapter clearly states ‘cave dwelling instead of courtyard.)

“This… seems like Senior Uncle Bai’s residence.”

“It is indeed Senior Uncle Bai’s… ”

“Keke, if this incident was caused by any other person, I would not have believed it. But if it was Senior Uncle Bai… then everything makes sense!”

Elder Zhou stood in the air, his entire body trembling with anger. His eyes were bloodshot as he gnashed his teeth in fury.

“BAI XIAOCHUN!” He had finally found the culprit. At this moment, with a sweep of his spiritual sense, he noticed that there was no one inside. With a flick of his right hand, he immediately took out a jade slip and used his authority to investigate.

Not long after, he found out that Bai Xiaochun was currently in the Medicine Refining Pavilion.

At this instant, a vicious smirk appeared on Elder Zhou’s face. On any other normal day, Elder Zhou would be a gentle and kind person. But right now, Elder Zhou sped off together with his phoenix with an angry roar straight towards the Medicine Refining Pavilion. Excitement appeared on the faces of the surrounding Scented Cloud Mountain disciples as they quickly called their friends and spread the news.

“Quick, that mastermind behind the crazed phoenix has been found!”

“It was Bai Xiaochun!!”

When they heard the news, countless outer sect disciples, and even some inner sect were startled and immediately ran out with excited faces.

The torture that Bai Xiaochun had made them undergo previously had now all been transformed in enthusiasm - the greater the torture they suffered, the greater the enthusiasm they had. Chen Zi’ang immediately dashed out, his face full of excitement and anticipation, as well as Zhao Yiduo. When both of their eyes met, they actually put aside their dislike for each other, their hearts set on going to see Bai Xiaochun suffer.

Within the crowd, there was a big burly fellow who had tears running down his face. He was that self-proclaimed Mr. Wolf, Liu Ergou, and right now, he felt like howling at the sky, “This is retribution ah!”

As the entire Scented Cloud Mountain sprang into action, Bai Xiaochun similarly had an excited expression within the Medicine Refining Pavilion as he was looking at the pill furnace in front of him. Currently, the pill furnace shook and medicinal aroma spread in the air and a few white-coloured medicine pills appeared within the pill furnace.

These medicine pills were nameless and couldn’t be consumed. Just a little force exerted onto them would cause them to burst apart into pieces. They had only one purpose aimed specifically at male monsters… to produce an irresistible lure. Temptation.

Within the medicine pill, Bai Xiaochun had used tens of different medicinal plants that could produce stimulating effects; he even bore the pain of buying some spirit beasts materials from the North Bank. And after long experiments, he had finally succeeded in refining this medicine pill.

Although he was unsure how strong its effect was, he more or less had some idea in his heart. No matter what, the effect definitely wouldn’t be too bad. He was actually worried that the effect might still be too weak, so he had used several times the minimum quantity and even spiritually refined each stalk of the medicinal plants in the Turtle-shell Pot before he used them to refine the medicine.

Currently, Bai Xiaochun looked at the few white-coloured spirit medicines in his hand with anticipation. Imagining the effects of using this pill together with the aphrodisiac pill in his mind, he couldn’t help but let out a chuckle.

“It shall be called Female Fragrance Pill then. Ah, what a good name. As for the previous red-coloured medicine pill, it will be called Aphrodisiac Pill!” Bai Xiaochun gave a little thought before he took these few medicine pills and spiritually refined them thrice.

With that, the medicine pill immediately became different; it was no longer a lower grade pill, instead, it was fine grade!!

As for the pill medicine’s effects… Bai Xiaochun only had to imagine it a little and both his eyes immediately brightened.

“Hehe, no matter what monster it is, as long as they meet me, Bai Xiaochun, in the future, wherever I want them to pounce at, they will have to pounce at without resistance!” Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly as he stashed away the medicine pill. With satisfaction in his heart, he was just about to go out for a stroll, but just as he got out of the Medicine Refining Pavilion.

Right at that moment...

A furious roar resounded clearly through the sky.

“Bai Xiaochun!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 - It Wasn’t Me!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 75 - It Wasn’t Me!

The roar pierced the sky, the surrounding trees shook and leaves fell to be swept by the raging winds.

Bai Xiaochun was so startled by the roar that he nearly jumped from fright. He raised his head only to see the white-haired Elder Zhou in mid-air, charging at him with bulging veins.

The elder, at this moment, resembled a fiend, quite similar to the phoenix from a month ago…

“Bai Xiaochun, you will pay for what you did to this old man’s phoenix! Even if Li Qinghou were to arrive now, I will still teach you a lesson!” Elder Zhou’s voice pierced the sky like thunder. He raised his right hand towards Bai Xiaochun in the distance and clenched it.

It was like that grasp caused Bai Xiaochun’s surroundings to solidify. Bai Xiaochun’s heart trembled and a blood-curdling scream sounded as his skin emitted a silver light. Simultaneously, a white light flashed outside his body as the Divine Crane Shield was summoned, bent like an egg shell.

“I’m going to die! I’m going to die!” Instantly shrouded by the glows, Bai Xiaochun’s speed exploded as he actually escaped the elder’s grasp. Without hesitation, he dashed in the opposite direction.

Elder Zhou blinked. Although he did hold back, he was still an early stage Foundation Establishment cultivator; even a tenth of his power should be extremely difficult for a Qi Condensation cultivator to escape from. Seeing the protective light surrounding Bai Xiaochun’s body, the elder’s voice sounded once again.

“Bai Xiaochun! Do you think I don’t know, ever since you entered the Burning Stoves Kitchen, you’ve been causing trouble for me! This old man’s ginseng for the soup was eaten by you, and those thick-bottomed bowls too were your doing! And now you also drugged my phoenix?!”

“Oh, am I going to show you today! You’ll learn that the sect is a serious place and not for the unruly to goof around!” In a flash, the elder charged at Bai Xiaochun once again. Those events from the Burning Stoves Kitchen were all known to the sect elders.

“Hey, don’t blame me! It was your damned bird that snatched the pill, how is that my fault?” Bai Xiaochun felt extremely wronged. But seeing the furious elder chase after him with his unfathomable cultivation, he ran for his life, his figure turning into a blur as he sped forward.

The male phoenix up in the sky exploded with rage when it heard Bai Xiaochun’s words. As if someone had pulled its feathers, all of them stood on end as it let out a piercing cry, pointing its wings at Bai Xiaochun. If it could talk, it would surely hysterically speak how Bai Xiaochun gave him the pill, and deny snatching it!

“You… you…” Bai Xiaochun’s felt depressed when he saw the phoenix falsely accuse him. Never would he have imagined that with his intelligence, he’d one day be framed by a bird, of all things.

His heart burned with hatred for the bird. Staring at the bird, he decided to get back at him after things settled down. He was a male, sure, but he could always get a stronger male bird to destroy him.

“You still dare to quible!” The elder’s was gaining ground on him, and with a wave of his big sleeves, he suddenly leapt into the air and landed straight on Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun staggered a bit before he dashed away even faster as if it was nothing.

This scene caused Elder Zhou’s eyes to widen. The strength he just used would be enough to cause any outer sect disciple to immediately collapse, but surprisingly, Bai Xiaochun seemed completely fine.

Aghast, Bai Xiaochun grimaced in pain from the impact just now. His heart trembled as he watched Elder Zhou approach again, so he pulled out the Golden Crow Sword. The Qi within him exploded out, transforming Bai Xiaochun into a golden rainbow that shot into the skies.

Elder Zhou snorted coldly and similarly shot into the air, chasing after Bai Xiaochun with the phoenix beside him.

The Scented Cloud Mountain disciples watched Bai Xiaochun with schadenfreude. Seeing him run desperately for his life relieved them from all the stress he had given them.

Smiles bloomed on Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo like flowers. Liu Ergou, the one who introduced himself as Mr.Wolf, was even tearing up.

“The heavens are just!!”

In the air above the Scented Cloud Mountain, Bai Xiaochun’s horrible screams pierced the skies, letting everyone know who it was even though they couldn’t see

.

“Elder Zhou, your damned bird’s lying! Ah, I’m telling the truth, your damned bird is lying!” Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry but had no tears, desperately fleeing on his Golden Crow.

“Silence!” Elder Zhou was not pleased with how Bai Xiaochun was addressing his phoenix. Damned bird this, damned bird that. As everyone listened, their faces turned weird. Enraged, he roared as he formed a hand seal, a finger-attack quickly approaching Bai Xiaochun.

“But I’m telling the truth! Your bird framed me!” Bai Xiaochun wanted nothing more than to explain to the furious elder. The wind howled as the finger approached. Reacting as quick as he could, Bai Xiaochun dodged to the side with incredible speed, leaving it to shoot straight into a boulder, boring a small hole in it.

“I’m the Sec Head’s Junior Brother! My master’s a Daoist Spiritual Master!” Bai Xiaochun’s scalp numbed when he saw the hole, quickly using his backers.

“It doesn’t matter!” Elder Zhou frowned. As an elder, chasing Bai Xiaochun around was rather inappropriate and he felt ashamed, however, he just couldn’t tolerate it anymore. Especially how Bai Xiaochun was screaming so desperately despite the elder not even touching him once.

On Scented Cloud Mountain, Xu Baocai looked up and had a puzzled expression on his face. He wasn’t fearing for Bai Xiaochun’s safety, but instead, pitied the elder chasing him as he recalled his past.

“Bai Xiaochun, stop right there!” Elder Zhou closed in once more as the phoenix chirped haughtily, pointing at Bai Xiaochun from time to time.

“I’m an Honourable Disciple! I’ve bled for the sect, I’ve stood up for and done great services for the sect!” Bai Xiaochun screamed, as he recklessly fled like a mad man, his voice spreading in the surroundings, attracting the attention of quite a few people even on the Green Peak Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain. People raised their heads to the sky, and as they noticed the scene in the skies, their expressions became weird and bursted out laughing not long after.

“That title’s meant for the dead, let this old man fix that for you!” The elder didn’t actually mean to kill Bai Xiaochun, but the punishment he had in mind wasn’t kind either. In order to scare him, he raised his right hand again, causing a strong gust of wind to appear around Bai Xiaochun that formed into a vortex.

Hearing that sentence while being pulled by the violent wind, Bai Xiaochun’s screams sounded even more miserable as he infused all of his Qi into the Golden Crow Sword. This caused the the golden light to rapidly expand in an instant as he bursted out of the vortex’s pull. The light dimmed down as he neared the gorge between the Purple Cauldron Mountain and Green Peak Mountain.

Bai Xiaochun’s whole body glowed with a sliver light and his body dashed out. He repeatedly let out blood-curdling screeches as he ran at lightning speed. He headed straight for Zhong Dao Mountain, vying for the only person that could save him - the Sect Head.

Witnessing Bai Xiaochun escape from him again and again, Elder Zhou was surprised in his heart. He thought that Bai Xiaochun who had survived the Fallen Chen Clan’s pursuit indeed had a few tricks up his sleeve.

But there were quite a lot of observers which slightly made Elder Zhou’s face burn with shame and made his anger surge. The cultivation throughout his whole body scattered as he once again gave chase to Bai Xiaochun.

“Senior brother Sect Head! Save me!” Bai Xiaochun cried out without slowing down as he continued to avoid the elder. He dashed up the mountain road energetically, occasionally leaping up, giving Elder Zhou a hard time catching him.

Actually, if he had used the skills belonging to the Foundation Establishment, it wouldn’t be hard to catch Bai Xiaochun. But after all, he wanted to merely punish him and feared that a small miscalculation in the force used could cost Bai Xiaochun his life.

On the other hand, Bai Xiaochun was moving too swiftly while screaming desperately at the same time. This only angered Elder Zhoug even further as he formed a hand seal with his right hand and pointed at Bai Xiaochun. Immediately, clouds appeared out of thin air in the sky above Bai Xiaochun. As they roiled, thunder rumbled and lightning flashed straight at him.

Bai XIaochun’s eyes stared as the lightning was striking down on him. The shocking power contained within them made him feel an imminent danger. His mind blanked out and his eyes turned red. He quickly formed a hand seal and pointed upwards. Purple Qi immediately surged above his head and headed straight at the incoming lightning.

Elder Zhou was surprised by this. He had only planned to scare the kid, the lightning seemed as if would hit him, but was actually going to hit beside him. However, now that Bai Xiaochun was actively engaging it, he tried to pull back its force, but it was already too late for him to withdraw it all.

The purple Qi produced by Bai Xiaochun collided with the lightning, forming a faint outline of a cauldron in purple. This caused an explosion to shake the skies as the purple mist dissipated while the dimmed lightning passed through it and slammed on the side, its strength cut in half.

Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale as he screamed once again before escaping into the distance.

“Senior brother save me! Master save me! Master, ah, your esteemed soul is up there in the Heavens, right? Save me!”

Elder Zhou paused in mid-air. As he looked at Bai Xiaochun, his face exposed his shock. The lightning from just now, although he had withdrawn most of its strength and had less than half its original Qi, was still enough to critically damage a Qi Condensation cultivator. Yet just now, Bai Xiaochun only had his face pale and his Qi becoming unstable, without even a scratch appearing on his body.

“That was… the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique! Du Lingfei and Hou Yunfei did mention Bai Xiaochun had comprehended the technique, but its strength just now was not something a seventh level Qi Condensation disciple should be capable of achieving. This kid’s strength is already comparable to the ninth level of Qi Condensation, perhaps even stronger than that!”

Awe surfaced on Elder Zhou’s expression. Looking at this Heaven’s Chosen, Bai Xiaochun, his anger gradually subsided. As Bai Xiaochun’s cries echoed around, he didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. He snorted coldly and chased after him one again.

“Whether the phoenix is at fault or Bai Xiaochun is at fault, I should take the chance to scare this unruly character. It ought to teach him some restraint for the future.”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 - Eighth Level of Qi Condensation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 76 - Eighth Level of Qi Condensation

Meanwhile, the Foundation Establishment cultivators of the three mountains were enjoying the scene of Bai Xiaochun desperately escaping from Elder Zhou. They knew Elder Zhou only meant to scare Bai Xiaochun. When they saw Bai Xiaochun engage the lightning, however, the smiles disappeared from their faces. They rushed to help only to find Bai Xiaochun compeletely unscathed.

Their eyes were filled with surprise.

“This kid is good!”

“For him to survive the whole Fallen Chen Clan’s attempts to kill him, he really must have a few tricks up his sleeve.”

“Although he’s merely a little upstart at the moment, he might even have more talents than Shangguan Tianyou! Lu Tianlei and Zhou Xinqi can’t even compare with him anymore!.”

As those in the crowd silently nodded their heads, on the Zhong Dao mountain, Sect Head Zheng Yuandong’s face also flickered with surprise. He had witnessed this scene, in fact, he had used his spirit sense to observe everything since the very moment Bai Xiaochun began screaming.

Bai Xiaochun’s performance was, without a doubt, surprising. He had decided to refrain from interrupting the pursuit and observe how much potential Bai Xiaochun would show. His eyes shone with praise as his body flashed before appearing right in front of Bai Xiaochun in an instant.

“Senior Brother Sect Head, save me! Elder Zhou’s trying to kill me! My little life was almost lost!” Bai Xioachun immediately went behind Zheng Yuandong to hide behind his back after noticing him, looking pitifully.

Zheng Yuandong coughed dryly, when he saw Bai Xiaochun’s expression, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly. He raised his head to see Elder Zhou catch up to them with a ferocious gaze fixed on Bai Xiaochun before turning to Zheng Yuandong to cup his fist.

As their gazes met, the two old fogies immediately understood each other’s thoughts. The phoenix didn’t really matter that much, the bigger problem now was letting Bai Xiaochun’s mischievous actions.

After all, the only thing they really had against the kid was Li Qinghou. In his absence, there was no one to control Bai Xiaochun with his contributions, status as Honourable Disciple, and the Sect Head’s Junior Brother.

Even if Zhen Yuandong was to punish him, Bai Xiaochun would probably turn to the portrait of his dead master to cry about it.

“Sect head, please don’t interfere any further and let me deal with Bai Xiaochun!” Elder Zhou stared at Bai Xiaochun with a vicious gaze, laughing evilly in the process.

“Your damned bird…” Bai Xiaochun was shaking as he started explaining.

When Elder Zhou heard these words, his face turned green, prompting Bai Xiaochun to shut up immediately and desperately turn to Zheng Yuandong, looking aggrieved.

“Senior brother, I’ve bled for the sect… I’ve made contributions…”

Zheng Yuandong’s face twitched and he cleared his throat.

“Elder Zhou, why don’t we put this behind him? Xiaochun is an unruly kid, but he is not ill-hearted. How about this, the next time he does something like that again, this old man will deal with him immediately.”

Elder Zhou seemed reluctant to agree, but in the end, he nodded his head unwillingly. As he was leaving, he threw Bai Xiaochun a ferocious glare.

Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun stood up, a suspicious look was written on his face. He was a clever kid, everything happened so quickly, he didn’t even have time to react. He realised that something was amiss… however, he wasn’t sure what it was. He looked at the Sect Head just as the older man opened his mouth.

“The phoenixes once belonged to Elder Zhou’s partner. They had fallen in battle to save him. To barely escape the grasp of death and to lose a lover, it wasn’t something to shrug at. He sometimes goes a bit crazy because of that.

Outsiders knew him only as an old man obsessed with herbs, oblivious to the fact that the herbs were a way for him to suppress his craziness and ease his mind.

So, Bai Xiaochun, don’t provoke him any further. I fear that I might not be able to reach you by the time he does go insane.” Zheng Yuandong said, his eyes fixated on Bai Xiaochun.

Hearing his words, Bai Xiaochun felt sympathy for Elder Zhou. Feeling a chill ran down his spine, he nodded quickly and spoke aggrievedly.

“I really didn’t drug it, his damned bird… his damned bird was really trying to frame me.”

“Everything has its cause and effect. Regardless of the circumstances, you are now embroiled in this and the truth is irrelevant.” Zheng Yuandong patted Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder as he turned away indifferently.

Bai Xiaochun sighed at his bad luck. The only thing for him to do from now on was to avoid the elder. He carefully went back to Scented Cloud Mountain, hastily going back to the dormitory, deciding to shut himself in.

As for the bird that framed him, he feared that what he was originally planning to do to him would only provoke the elder. He gritted his teeth as he forced himself to forget about it.

“Good people don’t trifle with birds!” Bai Xiaochun comforted himself as he sat in the wooden house, taking out the Purple Rising Qi Pills that he refined himself, smiling with pride as he thought about how he dealt with the elder’s attacks.

“Foundation Establishment cultivators sure are tough, that guy would have smacked the blood out of me if I didn’t have this impenetrable skin.” Bai Xiaochun felt a bit of regret as he looked at the pills. He checked his surroundings and made sure it was safe before taking out the turtle-shell pot, once again beginning his refinement.

It wasn’t long before all the pills were refined thrice. Looking at the dimming lines of silver on the pills, Bai Xiaochun sighed.

“If only I had a fourth colored flame.” He had heard about the fourth colored flame, but the sect didn’t have much of it, the contribution points required for getting them were just too much. There were special medicine pills for fire cultivation, but after all, they were extremely uncommon.

As for the market square under the mountain, one couldn’t just walk down there and buy one. Even in the annual auctions, fourth colored flame was very rare.

“I’m running out of spirit tails as well.” Bai Xiaochun checked the remaining spirit tails before swallowing a Purple Rising Qi Pill and started cultivating.

Days passed as Bai Xioachun cultivated, finishing up the pills one by one, making his cultivation speed rapidly increase. It was night several days after when he had swallowed the last pill. The clouds were blocking the moonlight as Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled violently inside the wooden house. At this moment, explosions were reverberating within his body. But in his surroundings, not even a single noise could be heard.

His body trembled as the qi within him escaped from each and every part of his body, forming a great river that resembled a flood dragon, opening up the meridians throughout his body as it spread in his body.

As the entire cycle ended, the qi within his body expanded much bigger than its original amount, letting the filth of his body escape through his pores. A sense of weightlessness and tranquility made Bai Xiaochun open his eyes as a brilliant light shone in his eyes, shining like a great flame in the dark room.

“Eight level of Qi Condensation” Bai Xiaochun laughed as he got up to clean his body. It had been a long time since he entered the sect, and his body was much more toned and leaned. He didn’t gain much height, however, and it troubled him a bit.

He did like how nothing much changed about him, however - he was still white, pure, and small.

“I should be a lot more stronger now that I’m at the eight level.” Bai Xiaochun raised his right hand and pointed at a boulder some distance away, flinging it up with his mind. He controlled the speed, increasing and slowing it, switching between lifting the heavy as though it was light and lifting the light as though it was heavy.

“The thing I’m most interested about, though… has to be those fights I had with the Fallen Chen Clansmen - when I had accidentally broken through. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shined brightly. After practicing a few more times, he eventually stopped as he fell into deep thought.

“The Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique did state that at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, the strength of the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique would increase by a wide margin.” Bai Xiaochun stood silently in the courtyard as he pinched his fingers together, pointing forward.

Silks of purple immediately appeared and formed a great purple cauldron before him in the span of two breaths.

It was twice as fast as the last time he did it.

The cauldron was, at the same time, evidently different. It was no longer blurry and looked very clear and detailed, with runes even etched on it.

The power the cauldron emitted was astoundingly strong. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shined at how extraordinary it was.

“This is much stronger than before!”

Bai Xiaochun probed the remaining qi within his body. Previously, it took half of his entire qi to form the cauldron, and a bit of time was needed to restore it before he could form another cauldron.

However, with his latest attempt, he discovered that the remaining qi inside his body was still about 70 percent of his maximum capacity.

“I can use it three times!” Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised as he dissipated the cauldron and took out his Golden Crow Sword, turning it into a golden light. He got on it and left the Scented Cloud Mountain.

Upon arriving at the forest outside, Bai Xiaochun heard a faint thundering in the sky, heralding the imminent storm. Bai Xiaochun thought that it wasn’t very safe, so he hastily pinched his fingers, attempting to form the cauldron, not wanting to stay for too long. He sent it flying to a boulder some distance away, trembling as it violently crashed against it.

The crash was loud and the ground vibrated, waking many of the beasts as a huge trench with cracks spread from the boulder was. The affected area had a radius of ten zhang.

“This strong?” Bai Xiaochun gasped as he sized himself up. As he was now, with his impenetrable skin and his Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique, a fight with Chen Heng wouldn’t be too much trouble for him. In fact, he felt that he could wipe him out in an instant.

“Oh well…” Bai Xiaochun hesitated as he thought about it. It simply wasn’t wise for him to take the risk. The last time he took on an opponent close to him in strength, he almost paid for it with his life. He felt that the best way was to have enemies under the seventh level, for absolute safety.

“A flick of my finger obliterates any opponent from the first to the seventh level.” Bai Xiaochun tossed his sleeve to his side, not pleased that there weren’t any fences around for him to stand on, forcing him to resort to standing on his blade. He raised his head and stared into the clouds, putting on the pose of a master. He kept this pose as he flew back to the sect.

At this moment, the lightning in the clouds were suddenly attracted to the Golden Crow Blade, coming together to form many silvery snakes that dived straight at Bai Xiaochun

His eyes widened in shock.

A while later, Bai Xiaochun could be heard screaming in the distance...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

9th guaranteed chapter of the week. Last for today.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77A - Auction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 77A - Auction

Not long after, on the Scented Cloud Mountain, Bai Xiaochun was hobbling, his hair had stood up and his face was slightly black as he crawled back to the courtyard with fear lingering in his heart. Once he remembered how countless lightning bolts chased after him just now, his heart trembled and swore that he would absolutely not use a sword to fly in a thunderstorm ever again.

This was not flying, this was gambling with his life!

Inside the wooden hut, Bai Xiaochun grimaced in pain, and only after a long time did his mind calm down. He sat cross-legged on the bed and looked at the storm outside the window. His cultivation was slowly settling down as it coursed through his body.

“Grade Two spiritual medicine is suitable for eighth level of Qi Condensation and below. If I want to continue increasing my cultivation, I can only refine Grade Three spiritual medicine.” Bai Xiaochun supported his chin and muttered to himself.

“The difficulty of refining a Grade Three spiritual medicine is definitely going to be extremely high. I must become familiar with a large amount of Grade Two spiritual medicine for my foundation to be stable. If not, the foundation will be unstable and the chances of success will not be big.” Bai Xiaochun opened the storage pouch and took a glance at his own savings with a sigh. He had previously relied on his status as the Honourable Disciple to receive a lot of presents.

It was only that the consumption was quite terrifying during this period of refining medicine. Even though he had a habit of using his resources sparingly when refining pills, his saving had still decreased quite a bit.

“Ah, this won’t do, my reserves will eventually run out.” Bai Xiaochun lowered his head in contemplation.

“I am already a very formidable Medicine Apprentice now. I can sell the medicines that I have refined, yeah.” When Bai Xiaochun thought of this, he became excited. Once the rain had stopped outside the next morning, he immediately left his residence and went to the market at the foot of the mountain to ask about the pricing of the medicine pills. After that, he bought a large amount of herbs, going as far as to exchange some of his Contribution Points at the Sect.

After which, he returned to the Medicine Refinement Pavilion and started refining medicines.

He did not refine Grade Two pills. Even though their price was higher, their time-consumption was not small and Bai Xiaochun was well aware of his habit of taking a long time when refining medicine.

Therefore, he chose the Grade One medicine pills that he was most familiar with. A few days later, he had refined three different types of spiritual medicine pills and two spiritual incense sticks. Only then did he head off to the market at the foot of the mountain.

The market model at the South Bank of the Spirit River Sect was not big. Other than the Sect’s seniors and a few capable Inner Sect Disciples who could own a shop, most of them were established by the cultivator clans from the Eastern Forest Continent.

It was like a small town. The Inner Sect Disciples from the three mountains in the Spirit River Sect would often come and go, making things quite lively. Bai Xiaochun had already came here a lot of times. He now familiarly walked in the market and entered a medicine shop. He coughed dryly and a shop assistant from within the medicine shop quickly went up to him.

“Call your shop’s manager over. This time, not only do I want to buy herbs, I also want to sell some medicine pills.” Bai Xiaochun sat on the chair and said with a cheeky smile.

Not long after, a middle-aged man wearing a long purple-coloured robed came quickly, and when he saw Bai Xiaochun, a smile appeared on his face.

“Fellow Bai, I am Sun Chen. I had already heard a lot about the glorious things that Fellow Bai has done, but because I was afraid of disturbing you, I didn’t take the initiative to pay my respects to you. Please don’t hold it against me.” This middle-aged man’s smile was courteous as he sat beside Bai Xiaochun, cupping his fist as he said those words. He did not dare offend Bai Xiaochun as he knew that the other party’s status was extraordinary in the Sect. Especially his status as the Honourable Disciple, it still made all the cultivator clans wonder how to please him despite the Sect Head postponing the matter by a hundred years.

Bai Xiaochun laughed and exchanged formalities with this middle-aged man, after which, he took out three medicinal bottles and the two spiritual incense sticks, putting them on the table.

“Fellow Sun, appraise these items then.” Bai Xiaochun raised his chin.

Sun Chen smiled as he took these medicine pills into his hand. After looking through them one by one, surprise appeared on his face. Even though these Grade One medicine pills were all Low Tier with their impurities occupying a little over 80%, they were still very close to the Middle Tier unlike the medicine pills that they usually purchased. Those they usually purchased were similarly in the Low Tier, however, it almost had 90% impurities.

“Brother Bai’s medicine skills are exquisite. My Sun Clan wants all of these spiritual medicines. How about this, I am offering you a price of a hundred and twenty Spirit Stones, what do you think?” Sun Chen raised his head and glanced at Bai Xiaochun. Both his eyes brightening.

Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised. This price was more or less equal to the ratio of one spiritual medicine for four Spirit Stones and was already the highest price for Grade One Low Tier medicine pills.

In reality, a medicine pill averagely costed only one and a half Spirit Stone.

Bai Xiaochun talked things over with Sun Chen with a delightful mood and seeing Sun Cheng was determined to make a good impression, the duo conversed quite long. In the end, Bai Xiaochun agreed that whenever he sends medicine pills in the future, instead of Spirit Stones, he would get herbs of equivalent value. Only then did he leave, feeling satisfied.

Time flew and a couple months quickly passed. In these past few months, other than refining Grade One spiritual medicines in exchange for a large amount of herbs, Bai Xiaochun was also continuously familiarising himself with the refining of various kinds of Grade Two spiritual medicines.

Gradually, he became even more skilled in refining Grade Two spiritual medicines.

As he worked with the Sun Clan’s medicine shop, he noticed that his connection with them was getting increasingly solid. Most of his medicine pills were bought by them. One day, Bai Xiaochun arrived in the Sun Clan’s medicine shop to trade a few bottles of spiritual medicine for herbs. As he was conversing with Sun Chen, Sun Chen sighed as he lamented.

“Brother Bai, based on your achievements in refining medicine, why don’t you refine some Grade Two spiritual medicines? The Hundred Clan Auction that is held once every couple years is going to be held in three months. If Brother Bai can refine Grade Two spiritual medicines before that time, I can arrange for them to be auctioned and the price would definitely be quite high.” Sun Chen looked at Bai Xiaochun. In these past few months, Sun Cheng had realised that Bai Xiaochun had a very cheerful personality and was very tactful. Furthermore, associating with him was quite pleasant, so Sun Chen proposed this matter to him.

Bai Xiaochun had also heard of this Hundred Clan Auction that was held once every couple of years. A hundred cultivator clans in the Eastern Forest Continent gathered together to organise that auction. There were three venues in total. The first venue was chosen to be at the market in North Bank, whereas the second venue was at the market in the South Bank. The last venue was held in the Eastern Forest City, Eastern Forest Continent’s largest cultivator city.

In the years that Bai Xiaochun had spent in the Spirit River Sect, this auction had been previously organised once before. However, at that time, he had only just become an outer sect disciple and was too busy stealing Spirit Tailed Chickens to eat and didn’t have any interest in the auction.

Pondering for a few moments, Bai Xiaochun had a slight change of heart, and after enquiring about the time for the auction at the South Bank, Bai Xiaochun bid Sun Chen farewell and returned to the Medicine Refinement Pavilion. He sat cross-legged and thought long and hard before finally reaching a conclusion.

“Sun Chen has a point. Rather than selling a little bit here and there, wouldn't it be better for me to take this opportunity to auction the medicines I refined for a good price? This way, I can exchange them for even more valuable herbs.” Bai Xiaochun thought to this point as the Grade Two spiritual medicines surfaced into his mind. In the end, he chose… the Purple Rising Qi Pill that he was most familiar with.

Once he set his heart to it, Bai Xiaochun closed himself in the Medicine Refinement Pavilion and started refining Purple Rising Qi Pills. Two months later, Bai Xiaochun had spent most of the herbs traded for the medicine pills that he had refined. He had already refined three whole bottles of Purple Rising Qi Pills, with ten pills in each bottle.

There was especially one pill which was coloured slightly differently from the rest of the pale-purple medicine pills. It was deep purple in colour and the rich medicinal aroma seemed to be trapped within it.

When he was refining this medicine pill, the pill furnace in front of Bai Xiaochun had been slightly shaking, much different than usual. Even the fire had suddenly swelled up.

He now held this deep purple spiritual medicine in his hands, and when he held it out in front of him, pride and excitement appeared in his eyes.

“Middle Tier! I, Bai Xiaochun, have finally refined another Middle Tier spiritual medicine!”

“Middle Tier spiritual medicine, I think that there wouldn’t be many of these seen in the auction. But, if I wish to achieve a sensational effect, it is still somewhat lacking… after all, this auction is held only once every couple of years and there are sure to be a lot of rare treasures.” Bai Xiaochun pondered for a bit as he clenched his teeth. He took out his Turtle-shell pot and started spiritual refinement.

After three spiritual refinements, silver light flashed and the spiritual medicine was no longer a Middle Tier item, but had broken through the Fine Tier and had even become… a Great Tier item!

This kind of Great Tier item was already shocking and only had 10% impurities.

Bai Xiaochun had a satisfied expression on his face as he looked at the Great Tier Purple Rising Qi Pill in his hands. The colour of this pill was nearly black, and even though the three spiritual lines on its surface were faint, it was obvious that this medicine pill was extraordinary with a single glance.

Looking at the medicine pill in his hands, Bai Xiaochun suddenly felt that he had once again found a way to spread his name across the world. He laughed loudly, proud of himself. He took out a small knife, and on this medicine pill, he drew a… small good-looking turtle.

“The great Turtle shall appear once more!” Bai Xiaochun stood up excited, an expectant look could be seen in his eyes.

Bai Xiaochun made his way down the mountain with the spiritual medicines in his hands. When he returned an hour later, he was refreshed and had a gleeful expression on his face. Sun Cheng’s surprised expression when he saw Bai Xiaochun take out three bottles of Purple Rising Qi Pills floated into his mind. And when Bai Xiaochun took out that Great Tier spiritual medicine that had been refined three times, the other party looked as if his jaw was going to fall off.

“I can’t wait for the auction next month.” Bai Xiaochun looked at the jade token in his hands. This was the qualification token that allowed him to participate in the auction.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

10th guaranteed chapter from last week. This chapter is the longest chapter yet with over 4000 words. The new sponsored chapter (first one being the sponsored chapter posted last week) would be for tomorrow, and we would then proceed to a new schedule which is 5 guaranteed and 3 sponsored a week as announced in a chapter posted a few days ago.

Translated by: Nat Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

On a sidenote: If you guys are having problems accessing xianxiaworld.net, an alternative would be m.xianxiaworld.net which still have the same functions as the original site. Thank you for reading!

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77B - Auction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 77B - Auction

In this period of time, the topic that was gradually gaining attention in the sect was the auction. Many disciples on the South Bank’s three mountains were hurrying to prepare testing their luck on the auction. Hence, the market at the foot of the mountain was livelier than ever.

“I heard from a clansman of mine in the North Bank that a Yellow Springs’ Fire had actually appeared in the first auction venue that was held on their end! That could be said to be a legendary item. Even if it is a flame, it is still considered as an extraordinary treasure and was bought by a disciple at a very high price.”

“There were a lot of extraordinary treasures in the Hundred Clan Auction this time, the medicine pills were even more shocking. I think this must be due to the upcoming battle of the Heaven’s Chosen from the North and South Bank’s Outer Sect that happens only once every half a sixty year cycle!”

“That should be the reason. The battle of the Heaven’s Chosen from the North and South Bank’s Outer Sect is a grand occasion in our Spirit River Sect. How hateful it is that in all these years, the top ten selected by our South Bank were inferior to the North Bank’s from the very start! I hope the top ten selected from our South Bank this time will be able to avenge our previous disgrace!”

In the following month, the discussions regarding the auction only increased in the sect. Bai Xiaochun had also heard a lot about the matter and even the battle of the Heaven’s Chosen from the North and South Bank’s Outer Sect, but he did not take it to heart.

A month quickly passed. One morning, Bai Xiaochun was meditating when both his eyes suddenly sprung open. His right hand touched his storage pouch and a jade slip that was currently glowing appearing in his hands.

“The auction is about to start.” There was an expectant look in his eyes. He quickly left his courtyard and sprinted down the mountain. He saw the figures of many outer sect disciples along the way and even rainbow streaks whistling by in the sky.

Bai Xiaochun slapped his forehead, remembering that he could also fly. He quickly summoned the Golden Crow Sword with a hand seal, and soon he stepped on the Golden Crow before he turned into a golden light, shooting off into the sky, quickly disappearing into the distance.

Not long after, he reached the market. He stuck out his chest and raised his small head as he walked into the Auction Pavilion.

The auction was extremely big. The main hall had thousands of seats, and even though there were no seats in the large space behind it, it was still packed with a sea of people. As for Bai Xiaochun, he was almost immediately escorted by the awaiting Sun Cheng. He was lead on another path to the second floor and into a separate room, after which, Sun Cheng took his leave.

The room wasn’t particularly big,and across the empty room was a balcony. Below it was the main hall, making it so that one could easily see the auction stand from here.

This was the first time Bai Xiaochun had encountered a spectacle as lively as this. Unlike the Foundation Establishment cultivators that didn’t show themselves from their own rooms, he leaned on the balcony, exposing half his body, and continuously coughed, afraid that no one would recognise him.

Gradually, people noticed Bai Xiaochun from the crowd below, but after a single glance, strange expressions would appear on their faces before they retracted their gazes.

There were many people here, so even if Bai Xiaochun continued coughing, the sound wouldn’t travel too far. He noticed Hou Xiaomei, Zhou Xinqi and others in the distance, but perhaps because they were too far, they didn’t notice him.

Even though Bai Xiaochun had called for them multiple times, in the end, he gloomily gave up. After all, having half his body leaning out was rather tiring… furthermore, he was worried that if he accidentally fell down… the news would spread among countless people in the South Bank in less than a day.

More and more people were still arriving when, half an hour later, a sharp and clear sound from a cauldron echoed out, causing the surroundings to gradually quietened down as countless gazes focused on the auction platform in this instant.

A middle-aged man, wearing a green Chinese gown, came out with a smile on his face, stopped in the middle and cupped his fist in a greeting to the public.

“This humble one is Qian Song. I am sure many of the fellow daoists know me. The auction this time is going to be hosted by me. The rules are the same as usual, the highest bidder gets the item.” His words were simple, and once he finished speaking, he raised his right hand and waved it. In an instant, a light flashed on the auction stand.

A youthful woman walked out with a tray in her hands, on it was a peculiar stone formed by different metal pieces.

It glimmered in the light, refracting colourful lights everywhere. The eyes of the thousands of people watching brightened, some obviously pleasantly surprised.

Bai Xiaochun too inspected it, but didn’t see anything valuable to it. But by looking at the expressions on the audience’s faces, one could tell that they considered it as a remarkable item.

“The first item being auctioned is a Dazzling Essence Metal. The starting price is three hundred Spirit Stones and every new bid cannot be any less than fifty Spirit Stones!” Qian Song slightly opened his mouth and a burst of his Foundation Establishment cultivation spread his voice to resound in all directions.

“Three hundred and fifty Spirit Stones!” Someone said very quickly.

“Four hundred!” Almost as soon as the first bid was announced, someone outbid it, and not long after, seven hundred Spirit Stones were shouted out before it went to an inner sect disciple from the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened as he looked at that piece of metal, not understanding why that item would actually be worth seven hundred Spirit Stones. At the same time, he also realised that when the auction started, a formation array had been placed to amplify the voice of the bidders.

“It is just a piece of lousy metal.” Bai Xiaochun was slightly sour as he looked from the sidelines.

The items that were being auctioned were quickly sold one after the other, especially a green-coloured dragon’s horn that seemed to have been struck by lightning, and seemed to have a faint arc of lightning lingering above it. This item had actually been immediately sold at a price of eight thousand Spirit Stones, making even Bai Xiaochun a little jumpy.

After the auction had carried on for almost an hour, Qian Song’s voice echoed out.

“The item that is being auctioned now is a bottle of Grade Two spiritual medicines, Purple Rising Qi Pills. There are ten pills in total and the quality of it is infinitely close to a Middle Tier item. The impurities are about eighty percent of the item. The starting bid is a hundred Spirit Stones, and every new opening bid cannot be any less than ten Spirit Stones.”

Hearing this, Bai Xiaochun immediately perked up. He stretched his head out, watching expectantly, anxious about his profits and wishing that everyone would make an offer.

However, for some unknown reason awkward silence permeated the air. Bai Xiaochun’s thumped loudly as he waited. After a while, someone offered a price.

“One hundred and eleven Spirit Stones.” The person who opened the price was an outer sect disciple. Those seemed to be all of his savings as he nervously looked at his surroundings after he spoke.

However, Bai Xiaochun was even more anxious. The cost of this bottle of Purple Qi Rising Pills was as much as fifty Spirit Stones and could be sold on the market for a hundred and fifty or sixty Spirit Stones.

He had a depressed look on his face and was somewhat stunned.

Fortunately, just as Qian Song was about to close the bid, finally, another person placed a bid, and in the end, the seldom bids pushed the ending price to a hundred and eighty Spirit Stones.

“One hundred and eighty spirit stones is not too bad. It is twenty spirit stones more compared to the market.” Only then did Bai Xiaochun heave a sigh of relief, wiping the sweat off his forehead as he comforted himself. In reality, this price was already quite a lot, but compared to the previous precious items, there would inevitably be some drop in price.

Very quickly, Bai Xiaochun’s second bottle of spiritual medicine was also sold. Its price was slightly higher at two hundred Spirit Stones. This made Bai Xiaochun somewhat pleasantly surprised.

Finally, the Qi Condensation disciples’ became more energetic as his third bottle of spiritual medicine was auctioned and the people called out bids one after the other. In the end, Bai Xiaochun was wild with excitement as he realised that his third bottle of spiritual medicine had actually sold for a price of two hundred and thirty Spirit Stones.

“More than seven hundred Spirit Stones. As expected of an auction. This is enough. These Spirit Stones are enough for me to start refining Grade Three spiritual medicines.” Bai Xiaochun was a person who was easily satisfied. Even though he still felt a bit gloomy from before, he did not take it to heart. He felt very pleased with himself as he was inside the room, anticipating the appearance of that Great Tier spiritual medicine of his.

“In my estimations, that Great Tier spiritual medicine should sell at… three hundred Spirit Stones?” Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment, uncertain about it.

“Two hundred is also fine!” He nodded his head.

Time passed and as Bai Xiaochun waited, noon arrived when Qian Song, who stood on the auction platform, had a slight strange expression on his face for the first time. He looked at the audience and let out a dry cough.

“The next item that is going to be auctioned is very interesting… It is a Grade Two spiritual medicine, another Purple Rising Qi Pill, but… this one is slightly different.”

Bai Xiaochun immediately tensed up as he stood on the balcony with a palpitating heart, the anxiety surrounding his losses and gains incomparable to before.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Guaranteed chapter from last week. 1st guaranteed would be tomorrow, and more of the auction fun~ Stay tuned!

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 - Are They Talking About Me?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 78 - Are They Talking About Me?

Upon hearing Qian Song’s words, the people at the auction squeezed against each other to see in their curiousity.

This did not include those past the eighth level of Qi Condensation, most of the inner sect disciples had no interest for what was happening as some of them talked among themselves. Others simply rested with their eyes closed.

“This pill here, everyone, take a look at it before we announce the price.” Qian Song was acting quite odd. After clearing his throat, a young woman walked out immediately with a wooden box in her hands.

The crowd’s interest peaked as they strained to see what sort of Purple Rising Qi Pill could possibly make Qian Song look like that.

Bai Xiaochun was even more anxious than anyone as he stood there, breathing hurriedly. He raised his gaze to the auction stand to see the young woman take out a deep purple pill from the wooden box.

In contrast to her snow-white hands, the pill stood out particularly prominent. The three silver patterns became clearly visible under the bright glare of the sun... as well as the distinct symbol of a small turtle carved onto it.

The horde of people, at this moment, went silent. The silence was then quickly followed by an uproar.

“Three spirit refinements! Heavens, Is this for real?”

“This is insane, to do three spirit refinements on a Grade Two pill! And they’re actually successful!”

“This is just crazy, who would refine a Purple Rising Qi Pill like that?”

At the peak of the uproar, all the disciples were taken aback, aghast. The uproar could be heard throughout the entire auction grounds.

“Who the hell did this? What a damn wastrel!”

“To do three spirit refinements on it, only someone who does this for a hobby can think of such an outrageous idea!”

The disciples who previously paid no attention to this auction, upon seeing the silver patterns on the pill, their eyes widened as they sucked in a deep breath. Some of them even jumped to their feet, speechless.

It should be noted that the success rate of spirit refining was low. It was okay to do it once, twice would be pushing it a little, but for the third… one would have to rely on luck. Even a great master would not have confidence to succeed refining something for a third time.

In the Spirit River Sect, a great many people had their hearts broken when their magical treasures broke down from the third refinement. Refining magic treasures would always bring love and hate, those who succeed would certainly be envied by many.

A magical treasure refined thrice would have its power substantially increased. Enough to make people stunned with envy. And at this moment... right before them was a pill refined thrice!

And it was a Grade Two pill!

Those beautiful patterns would befit the wings of butterflies. They were elegant and pleasing to the eyes. But to put the very same patterns on a pig… would simply be a great waste.

They felt conflicted, countless thoughts swirling in their minds. Some were even clenching their fists, blue veins bulging on their foreheads, especially the inner sect disciples from Purple Cauldron Mountain. They, who studied refining, were the most bitter of all.

“This kind of luck, wasted on an pill! And the nerve to auction it here like this! Were I to have this kind of luck, I’d spiritually refine thrice only a truly valuable thing!”

Even the Foundation Establishment cultivators inside their own rooms had odd expressions as they looked at the pill, their faces covered with surprise.

Seeing this from his balcony, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath again. Looking down at the furious crowd and their red faces, Bai Xiaochun felt that he might have truly overdone it a bit. He quickly put on a furious look, pointed at the pill on the stage and growled angrily.

“Wastrel! Shame on you!”

In the distance, Sun Chen too was smiling bitterly. He had the same feeling the first time he got the pill. He suddenly noticed Bai Xiaochun on the balcony, and froze, cold sweat appearing on his forehead...

At this moment, a few of the sharper ones in the crowd noticed the engraved symbol of the little turtle on the pill in the young woman’s hands.

“Eh? This little turtle, … looks somewhat familiar?” Right after the words, the crowd shifted their attention to the symbol they hadn’t noticed before while going crazy over the silver patterns. Now, everyone shifted their gazes and stared at it.

“This little turtle… Isn’t that… Isn’t there that Little Turtle who placed first on all ten stone steles on the Scented Cloud Mountain!?”

“Exactly the same! It’s drawn just the same, it must’ve been drawn… by the same person!”

“Could it really be that this pill… this insane act, could it be done by that mysterious, Heaven’s Chosen Little Turtle of the Scented Cloud Mountain?”

The crowd went in an even louder uproar. Of all Spirit River Sect disciples, many of them were Scented Cloud Mountain’s disciples, and after noticing the little turtle, they began shouting.

More and more people started noticing the symbol and gasped. Many stood up from their seats, the symbol of the Little Turtle had not appeared for a long while, but it was quite illustrious as it had spread throughout the sect and people often discussed who he might be.

Yet even now, they had no answer. That person was simply too mysterious, a complete unknown to them. He remained low-key as though he was an indifferent character who paid no attention to others!

And today, the Little Turtle… actually appeared once again!

And the way it appeared, it shocked the entire auction. Not a single person present wasn’t stunned.

Zhou Xinqi’s eyes were burning as she stood in the crowd. Staring at the pill, her chest heaved up and down as her emotions violently fluctuated.

“So you have appeared once more. A Heaven’s Chosen like you can’t just hide and disappear like that in this sea of people. Yeah, you’re good at hiding, good at concealing yourself. But it has been decided, no matter how much you hide, you will reveal yourself and I will find you!” Zhou Xinqi took a deep breath. She had been secretly searching for the Little Turtle for a long time. She had even suspected Bai Xiaochun once, but quickly rejected it. The image of the Little Turtle In her heart was firmly set on someone calm and collected, completely unlike someone captivated by fame and fortune.

Zhou Xinqi wasn’t the only one to think like this, that was the general consensus, and even Hou Xiaomei thought so. Bai Xiaochun’s exaggerated boasts played a big part in this.

People even analysed why the symbol was a turtle. The conclusion was that the person was indifferent to the world, yet symbolised a great ambition. The little turtle symbolized someone who was pursuing immortality.

Not too far away, Hou Xiaomei’s eyes instantly widened with worship, a result of Bai Xiaochun’s words. She was the Little Turtle’s biggest fan, and together with like-minded people, they had even assembled an admirers’ organisation.

“Oh, it’s the Little Turtle!” Hou Xiaomei almost jumped up as she excitedly pointed at the auction stand.

The uproar changed after the crowd noticed the symbol of the Little Turtle. The curses disappeared and were quickly replaced after people reached a new startling conclusion.

“This is the result of him aiming for perfection!”

“A Heaven’s Chosen aloof like him… This pill being spiritually refined isn’t for the sake of money! It’s to pursue the dao of medicine, to explore, to persevere!”

Even the bitter inner sect disciples thought differently, taking a deep breath as they gazed deeply at the pill. At the moment, no one thought that its owner was simply trying to show off with the three spirit refinements.

“So it was that Heaven’s Chosen, I understand now. The owner is neither insane nor showing off. He’s simply someone with a great ambition and this is purely the result of their devotion, the determination to produce a medicine of the best quality!”

“It is amazing, astonishing. Such determination, such devotion! This desire to perfect medicine is worth learning from!”

“Three spirit refinements, three improvements in its quality, meaning… while pill was originally a Middle Tier pill, it is now on a vastly different level. Little Turtle, you never cease to amaze!”

“This pill is worthy of a souvenir, I want it!” The inner sect disciples’ eyes glowed brightly. While the pill was useless for them to consume, it would allow them to draw inspiration from it.

Staring at the pill, they could see the great figure of a Heaven’s Chosen and his devotion in pursuing the dao of medicine.

Seeing this change of attitude all around him, Bai Xiaochun, who was just raging together with the crowd, stood there stunned. Looking stupefied at the crowd beneath him and listening to their talk caused him to suddenly blush.

“They… Are they talking about me…?” Bai XIaochun was shaking. He had never realised how outstanding he was in the people’s eyes, and now that he did, he could barely stop himself from shouting out to the crowd that he was the great Little Turtle that shook the world!

At this moment, Qian Song cleared his throat, smiling as he stood on the stage.

“It seems that everyone has now understood the true value of this pill. We start with five hundred Spirit Stones, each increase with a minimum of fifty stones!”

This sort of price caused Bai Xiaochun to suck in a deep breath. It was a very high price, most of the outer sect disciples simply couldn’t afford it. What happened next, however, completely shocked him.

“Six hundred Spirit Stones!”

“Seven hundred Spirit Stones! This pill embodies the dao of medicine, I must have it!”

“Eight hundred! Who wants to fight for it?!” The inner sect disciples started raising the price as their cries echoed throughout the area, setting the atmosphere on fire.

The insanity only continued as bids continued to echo out. Soon, they were at fifteen hundred Spirit Stones, and Bai Xiaochun could only stand there, his throat dry and his breathing rapid, staring in disbelief.

“Crazy, all crazy… They’re all crazy.... Step it up! Get even crazier! Burst with insanity!” Bai Xiaochun said excitedly.

“One thousand eight hundred Spirit Stones!” Zhou Xinqi abruptly spoke out from within the crowd, attracting glances from all around. Bai Xiaochun too looked at Zhou Xinqi as he cheered on.

This sort of price was already the limit for inner sect disciples. Many of them were reluctant to give up, but there was a limit on how far they could go. Sighing, they let Zhou Xinqi have it. She herself was, after all, a Heaven’s Chosen pursuing the dao of medicine as well. Once she revealed her determination to obtain the pill with such a price, as fellow disciples of the same sect, it was useless to continue competing.

Bai Xiaochun too was very satisfied with this price. He wanted to just charge down and take Qian Song’s place to announce the end of the auction. But suddenly, a young girl’s voice broke through the crowd, proud and uncompromising.

“I, Hou Xiaomei, am a member of a cultivator clan, I have plenty of Spirit Stones! I offer three thousand!”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 - Xiaochun, We Believe You
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 79 - Xiaochun, We Believe You

Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes, the three thousand Spirit Stones floating in his mind… He looked at Hou Xiaomei as his eyes brightened. Right now, he really wanted to go hug Hou Xiaomei and give her three thousand thumbs up…

And tell her she’s a really good girl!

The people at the auction were in an uproar at the outrageous price that came with Hou Xiaomei’s voice. They turned to Hou Xiaomei and stared blankly. In front of their eyes was a cute young lady with a hand on her waist and her chest puffed up. Her skin was fair and she was dainty and delicate. Her expression showed that she was obviously pleased with herself and was a young lady that seemed to be as lively as a small chilli.

She raised her chin and looked at Zhou Xinqi as if she wanted to say that since she originated from a cultivator clan, she had no need to fear comparing their wealths. This, however, did not draw the crowd’s dislike. Instead, they found Hou Xiaomei rather cute.

Many of the people watching had a smile on their face, and even quite a few were amazed.

“Three thousand Spirit Stones…” Zhou Xinqi muttered, calming herself down.

“The Little Turtle is important to me. As long as they are the Little Turtle’s medicine pills, I, Hou Xiaomei, am willing to forgo all costs to buy it. Humph, I am ready to offer four thousand Spirit Stones. I’m part of a cultivator clan, Spirit Stones are not something I lack!” As she emphasized the last bit, Hou Yunfei lowered his head in embarrassment and was worried for his younger sister. He had been unaware that she had worshiped the Little Turtle so fanatically in the past few years...

Some Zhou Xinqi admirers couldn’t stand it anymore and many criticised Hou Xiaomei for her wastefulness as she had actually opened such a price for a Grade Two spiritual medicine.

“It’s this lady’s own fortune, jealous?” Hearing what the admirers were saying soured her mood. She puffed up her chest with her hand on her hip as her clear voice rebuked them.

As Bai Xiaochun was watching this scene from the balcony, the more he felt that he had truly done a right thing when he had guided Hou Xiaomei back on the right track.

Zhou Xinqi frowned, she didn’t have that many Spirit Stones herself. After staying silent for a while, she sighted as she had no choice but to give up.

Seeing Zhou Xinqi not bid anymore, Hou Xiaomei was pleasantly surprised. She had put on the appearance of a rich young lady, but of course, she didn’t actually have that many Spirit Stones. She did so because a bid placed in front of so many people was not something her clan’s patriarch would refuse to pay.

In the end, Hou Xiaomei took home the pill which had underwent three spirit refinements.

Satisfied, Bai Xiaochun looked at Hou Xiaomei’s fading figure appreciatively. Clearing his throat, he felt that with how much Hou Xiaomei worshiped the Little Turtle, it would be very inappropriate to not reveal to her his true identity.

Making up his mind, Bai Xiaochun decided to announce who he really was in front of everyone when the first day’s auction ended.

In the backstage were a few of the cultivator clans’ patriarchs, placed there in charge of the auction’s protective measures. A middle-aged man cleared his throat, forcing a smile towards his companions.

“Um… My granddaughter is quite a ridiculous one, isn’t she.” He said as he paid the Spirit Stones bidded by her with a wry smile.

“So pure and innocent.” The others laughed.

The first day of the auction had been concluded. Although such auctions would usually last several days, Bai Xiaochun didn’t plan to come again as his pills had already been sold out. Excited, he hastily made his way out and came out to face the great crowd leaving the auction grounds.

These people were disciples, and all of them were excitedly discussing the purple pill.

It didn’t take long for Bai Xiaochun to spot Zhou Xinqi. He looked at her with an appreciative look, as if to tell her to cheer up. Just as he was about to approach, startled by his gaze, Zhou Xinqi flew off in a rainbow before he got near.

As Bai Xiaochun felt depressed, a happy voice sounded from behind him.

“Big brother Xiaochun!” Hou Xiaomei had a joyful look in her face as she hopped out of the crowd, twisting around as she made her way to him. From behind her, Hou Yunfei also noticed Bai Xiaochun and smiled.

Bai Xiaochun turned away from the fading Zhou Xinqi, and threw an appreciative gaze at Hou Xiaomei and patted her head, acting like a big brother.

“Lil’ sis, not bad back there! When bidding on something, one ought to be domineering!”

Hou Xiaomei’s face immediately flushed, then as if she remembered something, she happily took out the pill and presented it to him.

“Big brother Xiaochun, look! This is the pill refined by the Little Turtle! Oh, do you want it? I will give it to you, you did say you respect the Little Turtle the most, right? I bought this precisely for you!” The excitement was clear in her eyes as she presented it to him with an expectant look. It was as if her entire world only held Bai Xiaochun inside at this moment.

Seeing this scene, Hou Yunfei simply smiled warmly and remained silent.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned, he hadn’t expected that the reason Hou Xiaomei bought the pill would turn out to be himself. He was deeply moved. Seeing the many people around them, he took a deep breath and put on a solemn look.

“Xiaomei, let me tell you a great secret.” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes burned with determination as he spoke seriously, like some lonesome expert.

He had already mastered the skill of putting on the airs of one at any time, at any place.

Both Hou Xiaomei and Hou Yunfei were surprised by this sudden change in Bai Xiaochun.

“What great secret?” Hou Xiaomei asked, looking at him with curiously.

Clearing his throat loudly, Bai Xiaochun raised his chin and flourished his small sleeve to the side.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, am the one and only, earth-shaking, mysteriously and awe-inspiring… renown… great turtle!!” Bai Xiaochun announced, throwing his back and laughing, finally releasing the emotions hidden in his heart. He had held the secret for several years already, and now he was finally able to reveal it in front of his greatest fan and with many others around, too! This was the moment he had waited for!

Most importantly, he couldn’t let his greatest admirer continue being oblivious to the fact that their idol was standing right beside them! With his head arrogantly raised high at the skies, Bai Xiaochun perked his ears, awaiting the cheers.

He had even thought of what kind of words he should say amidst the cheers in a moment’s time.

He waited for a long time, but only silence remained. Surprised by the the silence, Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but lower his gaze from the skies down to Hou Xiaomei and Hou Yunfei.

Hou Xiaomei stared at him blankly, Hou Yunfei stared at him blankly as well. They looked at him with weird expressions, and the surrounding crowd too looked at him weirdly.

“The Little Turtle is a distant and aloof character. Yet Senior Uncle Bai is claiming to be the Little Turtle? Heh… get out of here…”

Bai Xiaochun’s face distorted and prepared to start explaining.

“Xiaochun, are you okay?” Hou Yunfei was a bit worried as he put his hand on Bai Xiaochun’s forehead.

“I really am!” Bai Xiaochun said anxiously.

“Ah? Yes, yes, of course you are, of course you are…” Hou Yunfei nodded hurriedly, the weird look still on his face.

“Big bro Chun, you once told me that the Little Turtle was a person as high as the clouds, a person who is indifferent to fame… You rank as high up as the Little Turtle in my heart, you really don’t need to pretend…” Hou Xiaomei said softly as she looked gently at Bai Xiaochun.

“I really…” Bai Xiaochun started as Hou Yunfei grabbed his arm suddenly with a serious expression.

“Xiaochun, we believe you!”

“I really…” Bai Xiaochun started again, his eyes wide as Hou Yunfei turned even more serious.

“Xiaochun, really, we believe you!”

“I…” Bai Xiaochun was at a loss for words. His hopes had now all burned to ashes. There was no way he’d get them to believe him now. The difference between the ideal and reality was too vast. He was beside himself as he turned around and wobbled away. How was he going to show his face at the sect now?

Back at the courtyard, he stared blankly at the sky, sorrow plastered on in his face.

“But I really am the great turtle…” He felt wronged, his dream of announcing his identity in front of tens of thousands was completely shattered.

And he now knew where the problem lay. In the past years, the image of the Little Turtle had been glorified too highly… In everyone’s hearts the Little Turtle was too incredible and aloof.

To be more precise, through Hou Xiaomei’s unremitting efforts, the Little Turtle had practically been deified...

Unsatisfied, he refused to give up and and went to look for Xu Baocai. He looked Xu Baocai straight in the face and solemnly told him who he was. Xu Baocai stared at him blankly… and nodded, telling him that he believed him.

Bai Xiaochun ran back to the courtyard and sullenly stared at the wall again.

A few days later, Sun Chen came for a visit. This surprised Bai Xiaochun, and he grasped tightly onto a new hope as he knew that Sun Chen knew he was the one who sent him the pill.

But before he could speak, Sun Chen took out all the spirit stones he owed him. He cupped his fist in his hand and greeted him deeply, his face solemn and respectful.

“Brother Bai, I was unaware of the great value that pill held, and that it was made by such noble a Heaven’s Chosen. Even the higher-ups were shocked. And the only way of contacting that great man is, presumably, only through you now. Or you wouldn’t have had the pill otherwise.”

“Brother Bai, please inform that Heaven’s Chosen that the Sun Clan wishes to build a deep friendship with him. For any herbs he may need in the future, the Sun Clan will spare no effort to supply!”

“Brother Bai, please also inform him, that I am aware that person is unconcerned with fame and fortune and is unwilling to deal with the mundane and is as distant as the clouds. He will surely reach unimaginable heights in the Dao of Medicine. Our Sun Clan is willing to manage his less important affairs for him.” Sun Chen cupped his fist and bowed deeply. When he raised his head, he saw Bai Xiaochun looking at him blankly. He waited a moment for a response, but after receiving none, he hesitatingly cupped his fist again and left.

Bai Xiaochun was somewhat pleased, of course. He was thought to be in such a position inside the Spirit River Sect that even a lofty Heaven’s Chosen like the Little Turtle was in a good relationship with him.

But the thought that Bai Xiaochun might be the Little Turtle had never crossed his mind! They had nothing in common, their personalities were simply too different. Not only the Spirit River Sect’s disciples thought so, even the cultivator clans outside thought so, their investigations concluding in almost the same results as Zhou Xinqi’s.

Not until the moon hung high in the sky did Bai Xiaochun sober up. Sighing, he swayed and leaped up, standing on a bamboo in his courtyard. He placed his hands behind his back and gazed at the stars with a dejected expression on his face. He felt the mountain wind blow through his black hair and his robes.

“Never would I have thought that beneath the surface, I was actually such a lofty character, like a cloud soaring through the skies. Alas… it was my fault for concealing it so deeply. Sometimes great excellence leads to loneliness.” Bai Xiaochun flung his small sleeve to the side. Basking under the moonlight was the silhouette of a genuine lonesome expert.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 - Zhang Fatso One’s Talent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 80 - Zhang Fatso One’s Talent

Now that he had enough Spirit Stones, Bai Xiaochun left the whole Little Turtle matter behind, his heart full of holes. He buried himself inside the Medicine Refinement Pavilion, immersing himself in refining medicine until he gradually recovered.

With the passage of time, the Grade Two spirit medicines in Bai Xiaochun’s hands reached the pinnacle, and his success rate in refining them reached shocking heights. And so, he began his attempts at refining Grade Three spirit medicines.

As he refined Grade Three spirit medicine, rumbles were often heard from his room in the Medicine Refinement Pavilion. The pill furnace, for whatever reason, even exploded once, flying off and landing in a corner with a clank.

But that was nothing. Once, the pill furnace produced a very thick smoke, and it was no ordinary smoke. Even the placed formation arrays couldn’t block it as it engulfed half of the entire Medicine Refinement Pavilion, forcing many refiners out, coughing with curses flying from their mouths.

Being who he was, Bai Xiaochun too ran outside and the culprit remained unknown.

Feeling wronged deep in his heart, Bai Xiaochun had hesitated briefly before carefully continuing the refinement of the Grade Three spirit medicines. As time passed, his expression became odd. He found himself always refining some weird medicines. The signs appeared in his earliest refinement attempts when he produced that black pill which attracted all those ants, and there was also that Aphrodisiac Pill as well…

The weird elixirs scared even himself.

“Could it be because of my unwillingness to abide by the established medicine recipes? Perhaps stubbornly changing the recipes to follow my own judgement is the cause? Or is it because of my extraordinary talent, making even the Heavens jealous of me and thus throwing countless obstacles down my path?” Bai Xiaochun stared at the tens of colorful pills before him, frowning.

Some of these pills maintained their spherical shape, some looked like cubes, and some had no defined shape, like mud carelessly kneaded together. A single look was enough to know they weren’t ordinary spirit medicines. But even so, they all emitted a Medicinal Aroma...

But even with a hundred guts, Bai Xiaochun would never have the courage to try consuming them himself. Who the hell knew what effects they would produce?

“What I pursue is the absolute perfection in the Dao of Medicine, flawless like the white clouds in the sky, detached from the world. The hardships infesting this path don’t scare me, my determination will push me forward. That’s what makes me who I am, the one and only Bai Xiaochun.” Taking a deep breath, determination surfaced on his face. As if a martyr, Bai Xiaochun stashed away the pills and continued his refinements.

Soon, half a year was swallowed up by his refinements. At this point, barely anyone refined in the Medicine Refinement Pavilion anymore, it was simply too dangerous. In Bai Xiaochun’s room, the pill furnace blew up once again and a huge crack appeared. Bai Xiaochun was sullenly offering to compensate with Spirit Stones, but even so, he was politely asked to leave.

Just as he started thinking about using his identity as the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, he received a message from Zhang Fatso One through a transmission jade slip, asking for his whereabouts.

With Zhang Fatso One coming, Bai Xiaochun decided to drop the issue with the Medicine Refinement Pavilion and took the path path to the Scented Cloud Mountain, feeling wronged.

“The pursuit of absolute perfection in the Dao of Medicine is obviously filled with hurdles! I, Bai Xiaochun, am like a cloud in the sky and will therefore never yield!” Straightening his back and lifting up his chin, Bai Xaiochun felt that something was wrong. It was midday, and the sect was usually the liveliest at such times. Scented Cloud Mountain was a lot more quiet today. Taking a closer look, he could hardly see a disciple above the sixth level of Qi Condensation present, most of them were either at the sixth or lower.

Bai Xiaochun was flabbergasted as he walked back to his own courtyard, only to see a tall and slim youth pacing back and forth in front of it, seemingly very excited.

This man was Zhang Fatso One after losing weight.

“Big brother.” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly shouted out.

“Ninth Junior Brother!” Zhang Fatso One immediately turned around and laughed with a smile. He didn’t care about Bai Xiaochun’s status in the sect, in his eyes, Bai Xiaochun was still his Junior Brother.

Bai Xiaochun invited him inside his courtyard, and the two of them talked a bit about how they’ve been recently before Bai Xiaochun asked a question, curious.

“Senior Brother, you don’t visit me very often, what brings you here today? Just tell me if you need me, Bai Xiacohun, to do something for you.” For Bai Xiaochun, Zhang Fatso One was really like a big brother. Every time he recalled the many scenes from the Burning Stoves Kitchen filled Bai Xiaochun with warmth.

As Zhang Fatso One cleared his throat, Bai Xiaochun could clearly see the pride and excitement in his eyes. Taking a look at Bai Xiaochun, he patted his stomach and a smack suddenly sounded out instead of the slap produced when he still had his fat belly.

“Ninth Junior Brother, let me tell you a great secret!”

Upon hearing the word secret, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes opened wide and his ears perked up. He felt that these words were a bit familiar.

“From today onwards, I, Zhang Fatso One, will be receiving great respect in the Spirit River Sect. Oh, the amount of disciples who’d seek to curry favors with me, perhaps even the Foundation Establishment elders will be polite to me.” Zhang Fatso One proudly announced.

“Ah? How come? Are you the Little Turtle too?” Bai Xiaochun was stunned.

“What Little Turtle? Junior brother, you know that my master is the head of Purple Cauldron Mountain, Xu Meixiang, right?” Zhang Fatso One was in high spirits as he looked at Bai Xiaochun and spoke in a low voice.

Bai Xiaochun nodded. He knew about it, and also understood why Zhang Fatso One had lost his fat. It was because of his master’s dislike for fatties, to the point where some weird ideas sprung in her mind.

“You know what my master’s best known for? Spirit refinement! And guess what I have been learning from my master? Spirit refinement!”

“Haha, turns out I, Zhang Fatso One, have been blessed by the Heavens with a talent for spirit refinement. Even my master showers me with praise! Just today, she told me that with my talent, it shouldn’t take me too many years before I become the first great master of spirit refinement from the Spirit River Sect!” Standing up, Zhang Fatso One excitedly raised his head to the sky, his voice booming as he stood as if atop of the world.

“Spirit refinement?” Bai Xiaochun blinked, and after his posture and boasts, he put on a face filled with respect.

Seeing Bai Xiaochun’s display, Zhang Fatso One became even merrier as he patted him on his shoulder.

“Ninth Junior Brother, I can already see it. When people come to me to refine their things, I’ll only accept the requests I like, anything that displeases me can bug off! And for the ones I agree on, it’ll be expensive. But for you though, and Fatso Three, and anyone from the Burning Stoves Kitchen - I won’t take a single Spirit Stone from any of you! We’re brothers! Just prepare your materials and I’ll refine it for you!” Zhang Fatso One was having his moment. He had been quite troubled after going up the Purple Cauldron Mountain, but after the discovery of his spirit refinement talent, he had become wild with joy and his first thought was to go and share it with Bai Xiaochun.

“Nice, Big Bro!” Bai Xiaochun also exposed a gleeful expression and cheered.

“Come, come, take out an item for me, anything at all, and I’ll refine it right before your eyes. Give me a weapon now, and I guarantee you’ll qualify for the war in a few months, I guarantee you’ll rank in the top ten of the South Bank and go represent it against the North Bank in the Heaven’s Chosen War!” Zhang Fatso One happily shouted.

“Uh…” Bai Xiaochun blinked as he stared at the excited Zhang Fatso One. Seeing how excited he was, he took out an ordinary flying sword of the Spirit River Sect from his storage pouch. He had quite a few of these swords and expectantly handed one to Zhang Fatso One.

Taking the flying sword from him, Zhang Fatso One took a deep breath as he patted his own storage pouch, sending tens of ores out, hovering next to the sword in midair.

With his yes closed, Zhang Fatso One’s cultivation exploded after a moment. It wasn’t as strong as Bai Xiaochun’s, and it seemed to be just at the peak of the sixth level of Qi Condensation. With his hair whipping about, Zhang Fatso One raised his left hand and a strong silver glow suddenly appeared.

As the light grew brighter, gusts of wind were formed, causing the Qi in the air to roil as faint streaks of glowing Qi shockingly gathered from the surroundings. They charged straight at the ores, passing through them again and again, before finally nesting themselves in Zhang Fatso One’s left hand. In the process, the ores quickly disappeared, half of them vanishing in less than a blink of an eye.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glowed with amazement, it was the first time seeing someone else refine. It was very different from his spirit refinement with the Turtle-shelled Pot. It was as if the refiner himself communed with the skies and the earth, drawing upon the majestic and violent forces of nature and channeling them through the ores, transforming them into a gentler energy.

It wasn’t long before Zhang Fatso One’s body started shaking. After half an incense stick’s worth of time, he took a deep breath and abruptly opened his eyes. He swept the now glaring silver light in his left hand along the blade’s body.

“Spirit Opening!”

The nothingness around them seemed to shake for a bit, the silver light instantly flew out of his hand and transformed into countless streaks of energy that drilled into the blade, turning it silver in the blink of an eye.

It was quite a sight. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, genuinely impressed.

A while later, Zhang Fatso One handed the silver blade to Bai Xiaochun, out of breath.

“Here, this sword has been Opened. Infuse it with your own Qi and silver patterns will form!” Zhang Fatso One wiped the sweat of his brow and confidently announced.

Bai Xiaochun took the sword from him, excited. He released some Qi from his body and directed it into the blade. But just as they were fusing, a cracking sound could be heard. The silver light on the blade dimmed and disappeared. Simultaneously, many cracks formed on the blade, as if it was unable to withstand the violent energy that came from heaven and earth, and quickly turned to scrap.

“Ah?” Bai Xiaochun paused as Zhang Fatso One stood blanked out. They threw each other a shocked look.

Clearing his throat, Bai Xiaochun was just about to point out that his sword’s quality was too low, when Zhang Fatso pulled the sword from his hands. His eyes bulging and his breathing shallow, he inspected it carefully. After a moment, he heavily stomped with his foot.

“It was my mistake just now, I didn’t control the fusing energies well enough, resulting in the energy gathered from between the heaven and earth to be too violent. Ninth brother, give me another flying sword, I’ll do another spirit refinement!” Zhang Fatso One stared at Bai Xiaochun, determined, his eyes bloodshot.

Bai Xiaochun couldn’t bear it, so he took out another flying sword out. Zhang Fatso One took a deep breath and a serious look appeared on his face. After a moment, the sword was filled with a silver glow, and he handed it back to Bai Xiaochun.

“How about… you try it yourself, big brother?” Bai Xiaochun hesitantly asked.

“First iron rule of refinement. Any item being spiritually refined, unless it is a possession of the refiner himself, are definitely not allowed to be tested spiritually by someone else. This is an iron rule, brother. Breaking it even once is sure to bring misfortune.” Zhang Fatso One said seriously.

Seeing his determination, Bai Xiaochun quickly took the sword. He really wanted to succeed, for another failure was sure to injure Zhang Fatso One’s pride greatly.

Pondering for a bit, Bai Xiaochun suddenly opened his mouth to speak.

“Um… Big bro, can you wait for me here? I’m gonna try this in my room, perhaps I was too nervous just now.”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 - Ancient Art: The Spirit’s Constitution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 81 - Ancient Art: The Spirit’s Constitution

Zhang Fatso One was nervous as well, and upon hearing Bai Xiaochun’s words, he thought it made sense, so he nodded in agreement.

“Right, my master said once that I shouldn’t be seeing whether it succeeds or fails. Ninth rother, go to your room and infuse your Qi inside then.” Zhang Fatso One cleared his throat and urged him on while pretending to be calm.

Taking a few quick steps, Bai Xiaochun entered inside his room. He looked at the sword in his hand, frowning. Worried that he might undermine Zhang Fatso One’s confidence, he didn’t dare make a careless attempt. With a hand seal, the Turtle-shell Pot appeared.

“Ah, Big Brother has previously been oppressed since the start. Now that he’s finally regained his confidence with much difficulty, I can’t just let him leave in disappointment. If I do it this way, I do not know whether it will cause the flying sword’s spirit refinement to be a success or not.” As Bai Xiaochun muttered to himself, he lighted a one-coloured flame and tossed the silver sword in his hands which had not undergone qi infusion into the pot.

A dazzling silver light appeared, and after flashing once again, Bai Xiaochun recalled the Turtle-shell Pot and picked up the silvery flying sword. Gritting his teeth, Qi erupted from his body and tunneled into the sword body without a problem. This caused the silver glow to retract and form a silver pattern on the blade.

“Success!” Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised. He didn’t know whether it was purely Zhang Fatso’s efforts or the changes he made afterwards that produced this result, but he quickly pushed open the door and walked out.

“Big Brother, you did it, you really did it! Big Brother you’re really good!”

In the courtyard was the nervous Zhang Fatso One, his face rigid and body shaking. Seeing Bai Xiaochun walk out with the silver-patterned sword, he slapped his thigh and laughed towards the sky in delight.

“How about that, how about that!”

“Just as I said, I didn’t control the strength well enough! Back at the Purple Cauldron Mountain, I even succeeded thrice in a row, even my master said I was gifted, you see? Ninth brother, we succeeded this time, didn’t we!” Zhang Fatso One was very excited. Beaming with joy, he took the sword Bai Xiaochun handed to him and inspected it with a grin.

Beside him, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes exposed deep respect, exciting Zhang Fatso One even further. Taking a deep breath, he motioned with his arm.

“Come, I’m feeling good today! I’ll refine it once again, let’s make this a twice-refined sword!”

“Big Brother, perhaps some other time…” Bai Xiaochun felt something was wrong. He vaguely remembered that the sect had many rules regarding spirit refinement.

“No problem!” Zhang Fatso One didn’t listen as he held the sword and concentrated hard and began another spirit refinement on the flying sword with utmost care.

The second spirit refinement was clearly much harder and Zhang Fatso One had already burned through most of his ores. His body was trembling and he even consumed quite a few pills as he struggled to channel the energies between heaven and the earth into the sword’s blade. When the blade finally shone with a silver light, Zhang Fatso One dropped on the ground and sat, breathing heavily.

Excitement was evident in his eyes as he handed the flying sword to Bai Xiaochun.

“Give it another try!”

Nodding immediately, Bai Xiaochun took the sword, but before he could proceed, Zhang Fatso gripped his hand and spoke seriously.

“Don’t do it here. Let me tell you something ninth brother, the most important part about infusing Qi is precisely believing. Believing in it is the same as having the Heavens’ assistance. Since you first succeeded in your room, do it there again!”

Blinking, Bai Xiaochun felt that Zhang Fatso One had truly comprehended spirit refinement. After nodding seriously, he headed back to his room, convinced.

“Maybe senior brother’s spirit refinement is really that good, and even if I didn’t use the Turtle-shell Pot, it would have still succeeded.” As he thought of this, Bai Xiaochun gazed at the flying sword in his hands, and without using the Turtle-shell Pot, he spread his Qi and directly infused it into the blade.

In a blink of an eye, the silver light flashed once again, only to rapidly dim moments later. With cracking sounds, the flying sword turned to scrap.

His expression immediately turned bitter. Just as he was starting to fret, Zhang Fatso’s anxious voice sounded out.

“Ninth brother, I think I saw a silver light? How was it, did it succeed?”

“Oh… I didn’t try yet, I’ll try right now…” Bai Xiaochun answered quickly, panicking.

Inside the courtyard, Zhang Fatso One turned silent, his face bitter. He wasn’t stupid, he noticed the silver light flash after Bai Xiaochun entered the cabin.

He sighed softly, he knew that Bai Xiaochun didn’t want him to feel down. He took a deep breath and said toward the cabin.

“Ninth brother, your Senior Brother know you tried your best. It’s alright I’ll… I’ll be going first…” Zhang Fatso One who had come bursting with excitement had now taken a heavy blow. This inevitably caused his mood to plummet.

He knew that that he had been reckless. According to his master, spirit refinement was a very mysterious art, and no one was guaranteed success; no one had a perfect success rate. However, in the cultivator world, there seemed to be odd phenomenon … Success is for the successful, failure is for the failures.

It was a mouthful, but actually it was simply describing the power of belief. It was a mysterious phenomenon, as if confidence itself resulted in success.

So in the cultivation world, there were two ways to go about it. One was the traditional way, the spirit refiner was only responsible for the spirit refinement, and without infusing the Qi themselves, they hand the refined item to the owner who should in turn, never infuse it in front of the refiner.

This way, regardless of success or failure, the mind of the refiner would not be affected. After returning the item to the owner, the refiner would forget the event and remain calm and confident.

The other way, was a way of cultivation. An ancient art known as The Spirit’s Constitution. It was the art of the much more mysterious method, requiring the refiner to witness the result of the refinement. If it was a success, the refiner would grow stronger. More successes would lead to greater formidability. It was, however, too extreme. Too many failures could potentially destroy any talent residing within the refiner, resulting in one no longer daring to involve themselves with spirit refinement.

Even so, many still pursued the extreme. Even Zhang Fatso One’s master, Xu Meixiang, admitted that people who practiced this method and witnessed continuous successes would have their confidence hugely boosted, making their spirit refinement shockingly good.

The greatest treasure within the Spirit River Sect was the Heaven’s Edge sword. It was refined ten times, and was done so precisely by one of the refiners insane enough to go down the extreme way.

Zhang Fatso was bitter, he knew that those in the Purple Cauldron Mountain walked the traditional path, but he had been overly excited, so he messed up, losing his inner peace. And now, who knew how long it would take for his confidence to be restored?

In his room, Bai Xiaochun stared at Zhang Fatso One’s disappointed figure through the window. He gritted his teeth, he didn’t want Zhang Fatso One to just leave like that, disappointed, so he quickly took out another flying sword, summoned his Turtle-shell Pot, and refined it twice.

Smiling bitterly, Zhang Fatso One pushed open the courtyard’s gate, and just when he was about to leave, Bai Xiaochun’s surprised shout arrived.

“Big brother, it was a success!” Bai Xiaochun pushed open the cabin’s door, in his hands was a flying sword with two silver patterns on it, and on his face, an overjoyed expression could be seen.

“Really?!” Zhang Fatso One was startled, he quickly turned around to see the flying sword held in Bai Xiaochun’s hands. His body shook with disbelief, but excitement slowly surged into his eyes.

“Haha! I, Zhang Fatso One, am truly a Heaven’s Chosen for spirit refinement! To succeed twice in spirit refinement, twice, ah I actually succeeded!”

Zhang Fatso One hugged Bai Xiaochun happily, tears of joy almost ran down from his eyes. In reality, his talent in cultivation was average, and he would have never entered the Spirit River Sect if his ancestors didn’t have relations with his current master.

Back at Burning Stoves Kitchen, he had to use those precious treasures to reach the peak of the third level of Qi Condensation. Upon entering the outer sect, without those treasures, his cultivation lost its speed. Although he wished the best for Black Fatso Three and Bai Xiaochun, as they surpassed him, he couldn’t help but feel dispirited.

Now that he realised his potential in spirit refinement, he was swept with joy that would be hard for others to imagine. Knowing that he can now also be useful, he felt incredibly excited and laughed towards the skies. As great confidence surged inside his entire body, faint traces of a strange energy were gathering around his body... These traces of strange energy was precisely the materialisation of his willpower.

The spirit refinement’s extreme way was one where greater confidence promised greater willpower, which in turn promised greater success!

Perhaps all that was needed was for the refiner to simply believe in themselves. With that confidence, successful refinements would come, and the mysterious willpower would form.

Zhang Fatso One left excited and joyful. As he disappeared into the distance, Bai Xiaochun stood in the courtyard wondering whether he had done the right thing. But after looking at Zhang Fatso One’s happy face once again, he received his answer.

A few days after that, Bai Xiaochun heard from Xu Baocai that the reason for the lack of disciples on the Scented Cloud Mountain was due to the outer sect disciples above the sixth level of Qi Condensation desperately trying to reach the eight level in order to join the Heaven’s Chosen War.

The Heaven’s Chosen War between the South and North Bank was scheduled to begin in three months, and it would be the center of not just the entire Spirit River Sect’s attention, but also the entire Eastern Forest continent’s cultivator clans’s attention.

This battle involved the top ten of each Bank’s outer sect, who would be the Spirit River Sect’s dragons and phoenixes, rising up through the ranks and entering the inner sect. Both fame and influence in the sect would put these people in a different light than ordinary outer sect disciples.

(ED note: dragons and phoenixes here is referring to the outstanding male and female disciples)

The top ten in the Heaven’s Chosen War, which occurred once in every thirty years, would have their names passed down in glorious legends. They would become famous within the Spirit River Sect and receive acknowledgement even from other similarly formidable sects.

At the same time, the Spirit River Sect would also give the top ten great gifts, especially to the number one. It was said that the Contribution Points alone could measure up to a hundred thousand, not to mention other great treasures and the opportunity to enter the sect’s treasury.

As such, many were excited.

Not to mention the qualifications to enter the legendary Legacy Order, this brought the top ten disciples of the Heaven’s Chosen War an even greater motivation.

Before the Heaven’s Chosen War, the North and South Bank would determine their top ten strongest disciples that would represent their respective Bank.

And this time, the requirement had been set at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, anyone who wished to participate and enter the inner sect would need to fulfill two requirements; to be at the eighth level of Qi Condensation and to pass the examination. Usually, the promotional examinations could be quite a lot of different things. But every thirty years, for the Heaven’s Chosen War, the examination would always be through a battle.

And this sort of trial was acknowledged by the sect disciples to be the toughest trial, and at the same time, the most anticipated one as well!

It was the reason why many outer sect disciples chose not to take the previous promotional examinations, they were waiting for the qualification battles to promote themselves by being in the the top fifty, hoping to enter the top ten and represent their Bank in the Heaven’s Chosen War between the South and North Bank.

People such as Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei, Zhou Xinqi and some others all had the same idea of aiming for the top ten and enter the Inner Sect as the top ten in the Heaven’s Chosen War. And ultimately, years later, enter the Legacy Order.

…

4th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 - Heaven“s Chosen of the South Bank
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 82 - Heaven's Chosen of the South Bank

The North bank, in the past thousand years, had always stood above the South Bank. More than half of the top ten of every Heaven’s Chosen War had always been composed of disciples from the North Bank. First place was, of course, always claimed by the North bank as well. This brought great shame to the South Bank.

The fact that the North Bank had four peaks, whereas the South Bank only had three peaks, could be considered the main factor. Yet, a thousand years before, the South Bank, with just three peaks, was completely different from what it was now. From spirit refinement to medicinal refinement, they were the pillars of the sect. No one dared to cross their path, and the sword-focused Green Peak Mountain of the South Bank even had the title of Spirit River Sect’s strongest mountain.

Things were different now. Due to certain reasons, the tides were completely overturned. The North Bank had grown strong. After each victory, they always gained a massive amount of resources that continued to tilt the favors to their side, gradually increasing their strength as a whole. In addition to the vast differences between the South Bank’s and the North Bank’s cultivation methods, the North Bank made many external sects and cultivator clans regard the North Bank as Spirit River Sect’s strongest, which in turn made them the ultimate leader of the Spirit River Sect.

The Spirit River Sect’s South Bank was good at manipulating objects, while the North Bank was good at controlling beasts!

Disciples who had just entered the sect in the South Bank would learn the Purple Cauldron Qi Manipulation Technique, just like when Bai Xiaochun first entered. On the North Bank, however, newly admitted disciples would study the Tong Tian Shape Manipulation Technique!

That was why the Ten Thousand Herbs Pavilion not only had the five volumes of herbology, but also had the five volumes of spirit beasts!

During the battles the last thousand of years, the South Bank had managed to lose every single one of them! The one thirty years past, in particular, had only one representative from the South Bank that was able to reach the top ten, infuriating the ancestors and elders of the peaks in the South Bank so much, that they made up their mind to personally go out, a reason why three new Heaven’s Chosen from the South Bank had appeared.

Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei and Zhou Xinqi were the ultimate participants prepared by the South Bank this time around. They had been taken in by various ancestors of different mountains as disciples, and were nurtured with utmost care, pushing them to the eighth level of Qi Condensation. In terms of battle prowess, they had already surpassed many of those in the inner sect.

Shangguan Tianyou was particularly even more shocking. He was an expert in the technique of void and was regarded as the South Bank’s number one outer sect Heaven’s Chosen.

Lu Tianlei, a lightning specialist, on the other hand, had shockingly strong lightning array skills, winning praise from even Elder Xu Meixiang, essentially qualifying him as someone sure to make the top ten.

There was also Zhou Xinqi. She did have her interest focused on medicine at most times, but in reality, her formation array skills were personally taught by Li Qinghou himself, making her reach an extremely high level.

After learning all of this from Xu Baocai, Bai Xiaochun was displeased, feeling as if the North Bank was bullying them.

“Just wait until I achieve the Foundation Establishment, I’ll slaughter the lot at the North Bank and show them who’s the better outer sect disciple!” Bai Xiaochun proudly placed this thought at the bottom of his heart. As for the qualification battles of the North Bank and South Bank, and even the war of the Heaven’s Chosen after that, he had no interest at all.

Battles and war just weren’t his thing, he felt that it didn’t fit his status. He was an Honourable Disciple, the junior disciple of the Sect Head, and after all, he placed himself on a different level from his peers. Bai Xiaochun thought that he shouldn’t involve himself with the younger generation.

“What if I fail to beat them, though? Wouldn’t that shame Senior Brother Sect Head. Oh well, I guess it’s better to stay out of this.” Clearing his throat, Bai Xiaochun felt that such a sacrifice for the sect and the Sect Head was something worth talking to his master over an incense stick.

Or so he thought. Two months after that little thought, he completely forgot all about it. Zhang Fatso One had been visiting him to refine more stuff and after using his Turtle-shell Pot when Zhang Fatso One wasn’t looking, every time he unveiled the result, Zhang Fatso One would always respond with excitement and joy.

What was originally disbelief coming from Zhang Fatso One gradually became surprise, and then it turned to glee. Now it was but a daily occurrence, thoroughly convincing him that he was truly a genius in spirit refinement.

And under that radiant confidence, his refinement skills grew stronger along with his confidence.

As time slipped by, a month passed. Three days before the qualification battles, Bai Xiaochun received a notice that any disciple at the eight level of Qi Condensation was required to participate, without any exceptions.

After scanning through the contents of the jade scroll, he sighed, not thinking too much of it as he continued refining.

It wasn’t until three days later at dawn did he nonchalantly walk out along with a mass of other disciples with their expressions solemn, dead serious. Seeing this, he snapped out of his carefreeness and left the mountain as the bells of the South Bank rang.

It wasn’t long before they reached a valley behind the three mountains of the South Bank. It was a cavernous space, with roads made of white jade. The valley was similar to a grand square, with many dragon pillars raising high above.

Between every two pillars, there was a sculpture. They were sculptures of monstrous beasts, exquisitely carved into a vivid likeliness, causing them to exude savageness and brutality throughout the entire valley, causing a chilly atmosphere around the square.

On the mountain walls surrounding them, there was an elevated platform where a number of seats were arranged for the ancestors of the three peaks such as Li Qinghou and Xu Meixiang. Even the Sect Head of the Spirit River Sect himself, Zheng Yuandong, had already made an appearance.

The qualification battles of the two banks were held separately, the battles of the North Bank were scheduled to come after the South Bank’s. As the head of the sect, Zheng Yuandong was required to be present on both battles and not allowed to pick sides.

Li Qinghou and the others were beside Zheng Yuandong, chatting with smiles.

Behind them were the elders of the three mountains, Elder Zhou included. They were either resting with closed eyes or speaking with each other in low voices as they gazed down at the approaching mass of disciples.

In the crowd, Bai Xiaochun had a lazy gaze as they reached the square. Not long after he moved to the side of it and curiously looked around. He hadn't been here before and those sculptures in particular caught his curiosity, attracting him closer to investigate it in detail.

“These beasts seem so life-like. Interesting.” Bai Xiaochun even noticed some of the fur on the monstrous beasts swaying with the wind, finding it incredibly impressive.

Suddenly shouts spread through the crowd.

“Senior sister Zhou is here!”

“Senior Sister Zhou’s cultivation had reached the eighth level of Qi Condensation long ago. Without a doubt, she will definitely enter the top ten. With her identity, it's safe to say that she'd even reach the top three!”

A blue streak of light came into sight as it travelled from the distant clouds, assuming the form of Zhou Xinqi within a blink of an eye. With her hand cupped into a fist, she made a greeting to the platform at the top, before making her way to the side, closing her eyes to rest. Although she seemed calm, deep inside her heart, Zhou Xinqi still felt a quite anxious. She couldn’t afford to lose. If she did, her years of training would have been for naught.

On the platform, Li Qinghou gave her a kind smile, a hint of praise evident in his eyes.

“Qinghou, this Zhou Xinqi… Not only does she have great skill in medicine, the might of her techniques are very formidable as well. Certainly, she will be able to bring glory to the South Bank.” Zheng Yuandong said with a laugh.

“Sect Head exaggerates. This disciple of mine still has a lot of room to grow, but her nature is indeed rare. A disciple with great potential, I'm sure.” Li Qinghou modestly answered.

Just as the many present disciples admired Zhou Xinqi with envious eyes, Bai Xiaochun glanced at her as he cleared his throat. Imitating Li Qinghou, he folded his arms and looked at her with praise.

The hype about Zhou Xinqi was still going on when the crowd suddenly went into another uproar, many of them raised their heads high, staring above. As the sky rumbled, a single streak of silver lightning flashed by, and on it was a green-clothed youth pridefully riding it.

Behind him, uncountable streaks of lightning swam about, rumbling with power. He flew past Zhou Xinqi, landing on the valley square. The moment his foot made contact with the ground, the surrounding ten meter area surged with electricity as the fearsome bolts crackled about.

On his body, lightning twined all the same, circling all around him.

“It’s Purple Cauldron Mountain’s Lu Tianlei! Senior brother Lu, who went into solitary meditation the moment he entered the sect, is an inheritor of the rare lightning-infused blood! His arrival today… look at the amount of lightning he is releasing!”

“Lu Tianlei… Impressive. What is he practicing? How can he possibly control lightning to this degree?” The crowd was in an uproar. Proud, Lu Tianlei greeted the high platform as he cupped his fist, and turned to walk to the side. As he turned, the outer sect disciples in his vision amounted to nothing, the sole person he acknowledged as a rival was Zhou Xinqi alone and no one else.

On the platform, Xu Meixiang smiled lightly, the satisfaction was obvious in her eyes.

“Sect head, this disciple of mine and that domineering lightning manipulation... What are your thoughts about them?”

“That electricity and his eight level of Qi Condensation… With something like that, I’m sure that this kid is already a Heaven’s Chosen that will reach the Foundation Establishment.” Zheng Yuandong smiled slightly, taking a few more glances at Lu Tianlei.

At this moment, the ancestor of Green Peak Mountain raised his head. He was skinny and pale, but he gave anyone around him a sense of danger. The edge of his lips curled into a smile as he looked into the distance.

With a sudden change of expression, Zheng Yuandong shifted his gaze at where the Green Peak Mountain’s ancestor was looking. All elders followed suit.

With a flash of light, an immense power grew near, rumbling the skies and distorting the clouds. The presence was strong enough that the clouds swirled and rolled, and the spectators could make out a slight figure of an ancient sword as it flashed into a green rainbow, splitting everything in its path, going straight for the square.

This ancient sword had a green bronze ting, its great age evident by its appearance. It was quite a sight.

On the flying sword stood a young man clothed in an outer sect disciple’s robes. His pitch black hair was flowing with the air, and his extremely handsome face made him even more conspicuous. With his arms folded, he had an imposing presence. He was covered in a layer of faint golden light, and the rainbow behind him transformed into an illusory jade lotuses.

Even farther behind was a thirty foot monstrous beast with a fish head and a dragon's body, swimming in the skies as if it was an ocean, leaving rain in its trail.

There was still a distance between the youth and the square when a gust of wind and rain blew past the area, forcing many of the disciples to lower their heads. They took a deep breath after witnessing that scene.

“It's Senior Brother Shangguan Tianyou!”

“The top of the Heaven's Chosen in the South Bank, Shangguan Tianyou!”

“Rumour has it that he possesses a sword’s spirit in his body, and he is the reincarnation of a great swordsman. For some reason, the heavens felt guilty about his death, and so he was blessed with innumerable fortunes. At the age of three, he managed to come across an ancient blade as he was walking, at the age of seven, a young Scarlet Cloud Beast fell from the sky and made him its owner, and at the age of thirteen, he obtained a protective golden light. Therefore, he was given the name Tianyou!”

Zhou Xinqi slowly opened her eyes, and when she noticed who was in the skies, her expression turned solemn.

Lu Tianlei, who was further away, quickly raised his head as well. Sparks of lightning could be seen flashing across his eyes as countless streams of electricity grew restless around him. He made his presence known, his eyes revealed provocation.

“Shangguan Tianyou, greets the Sect Head, Master, Ancestors, and all the Elders present.” The green rainbow descended as he greeted towards the platform while cupping his fist. He swiftly landed in one motion, smiling as he nodded to the disciples around him.

His eyes were kind, and almost all of the disciples responded to his nod with their own greeting, some of the female disciples even blushing as they glanced at him.

“Good. Good, good!” On the platform, sect head Zheng Yuandong’s eyes revealed a surprising glow to them and he burst out laughing.

“Regardless of whether Shangguan Tianyou is the reincarnation of someone great, the fact that he has a sword spirit inside his body before the Foundation Establishment is such a rare occurrence in this world!”

“This time, the participants of the South Bank are too promising! Astonishingly promising!” Zheng Yuandong laughed, looking at the ancestor of the Green Peak Mountain.

Li Qinghou and the others smiled as well, the elders behind them laughing. The atmosphere seemed to say that all shame the South Bank had experienced would be wiped away in this war!

He was about to continue speaking when he saw Bai Xiaochun standing beside a sculpture with his arms folded and a smug expression, emitting the air of someone above the masses.

“This Bai Xiaochun… What's he up to now?” Zheng Yuandong let out a small chuckle.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter from last the week.

Translated by: Marcus, Nat Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 - Would Elder Zhou Please Take the Field?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 83 - Would Elder Zhou Please Take the Field?

It was not only Zheng Yuandong who had noticed Bai Xiaochun. After all, the others were in an uproar, yet Bai Xiaochun stood beside the statue and assumed a seniorly air. His different mannerisms were quite eye-catching.

“This kid, Bai Xiaochun, has also reached the eighth level of Qi Condensation. He had even previously narrowly escaped the Fallen Chen Clan. I can see that this boy will definitely be in the top ten and even has hope for the top five.” An Elder who was on the high platform smiled as he spoke.

“That is right. That boy’s herbal knowledge is extraordinary, and his body-cultivation techniques are astonishing. He might be able to become this qualification battle’s dark horse.”

Listening to the words said by a multitude of people, Li Qinghou and Zheng Yuandong felt their faces brightened up as they laughed.

“This child is not like the others. His conviction is strong and far greater in comparison to those of his age. When I brought him up the mountain that year, I once asked him why he wanted to cultivate. He told me that he wanted to achieve immortality.” Li Qinghou said with a smile on his face. When he looked at Bai Xiaochun, there was a gentle look in his eyes. He had already traded for the protective magical treasure which he planned to give to Bai Xiaochun after the qualification battle ended.

“It is best if everyone does not continue praising him any further. Even though this child is my Junior Brother, but as Qinghou should know, that child has a naughty and mischievous personality and still needs to learn self-discipline. However, he is pure and simple in nature and has a personality that is not fond of being in the limelight which is also very excellent.” The Sect Master smiled as he spoke. Even though he put it that way, but everyone could also detect Zheng Yuandong’s expectations.

When everyone was laughing and chattering on the high platform, Bai Xiaochun was standing there beside a statue in the arena. He looked at Lu Tianlei who was filled with boundless pride and then glanced at Shangguan Tianyou who was the object of numerous cheers. Bai Xiaochun was apprehensive of them both.

Bai Xiaochun looked at Lu Tianlei whose whole body was covered in lightning to the point that his hair stood on end as he recalled the scene where he was about to be struck by lightning before. As for Shangguan Tianyou’s good fortune and that extraordinary ancient sword, as well as the imposing aura surrounding his whole body that seemed to be as startling as the heavens, it even more so caused Bai Xiaochun to suck in a deep breath.

He felt that these two people were truly too powerful.

However, when he remembered his own status, Bai Xiaochun quickly let out a dry cough and once again nodded with a smile on his face, assuming a look of admiration in his eyes.

‘The more Heaven’s Chosen there are, the greater our Spirit River Sect will be. I am an Honourable Disciple and also the Sect Master’s Junior Brother. I definitely shouldn’t compete with these juniors. They are the future of the Sect and I cannot bully them. Yes, if I were to compete with them, I would have to wait for these Heaven’s Chosen to enter the Inner Sect!” Bai Xiaochun made up his mind and appeared to be very relaxed.

More and more people gradually came, and all of the eight level Qi Condensation outer sect disciples were preparing for the battle. Some who had not reached the required cultivation level were also present, they naturally wanted to observe and learn from a grand occasion such as the qualification battle.

There were thousands of eighth level Qi Condensation disciples at the three mountains on the South Bank. In this moment, they were all gathered in this mountain valley, and there were also many within them that Bai Xiaochun had never even seen in his life. After all, not everybody loved the noise and excitement, and a lot of them preferred being alone. Their cultivations were unknown to others, and they did not necessarily have the thought of borrowing a grand occasion such as the one being held today to become a sensation overnight.

There were even more outer sect disciples in the surroundings who, with their level of cultivation, were unable to participate in the qualification battle and were currently only acting as spectators. Every single one of them were looking expectantly at the thousands of eighth level Qi Condensation disciples. They were all waiting in their hearts to find out exactly who among the thousands would climb to the ranks of the top hundred, and who would enter the top ten in the following qualification battle.

As for the top three, there was no doubt in everyone’s eyes that it would definitely be Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei and Zhou Xinqi. They were even certain that the rankings would be in this order.

As the thousands of eighth level Qi Condensation slowly went silent, the surrounding spectating disciples also gradually quietened down. A stifling atmosphere enveloped the whole place, making the atmosphere even chillier.

It seemed to be so pressurising that people struggled to catch their breath as anxiety bloomed in their heart.

Bai Xiaochun realised with astonishment that he too was actually feeling some unfathomable pressure, even though he wasn’t planning on participating in the examination. He looked around as he struggled to relax his body.

At this moment, Li Qinghou’s voice suddenly echoed out from the high platform.

“The grand competition between both the South and North Bank is near at hand!”

“There are a few among you that have been alone all this while and your true abilities are unknown to anyone. Therefore, this is the time where you have the opportunity to reveal yourself to the world. You need not worry that your cultivation has risen too quickly or you have extraordinary luck that would make the seniors in the Sect greedy. Cultivation is a personal matter. Everyone has their own secrets. The Spirit River Sect has developed from a small sect ten thousands of years ago to what it is today. It was definitely not by chance. Every single disciple has their own luck. If you are able to obtain it, then that is decreed by fate!”

“There are also those among you whom others address as the Heaven’s Chosen, but those are the ones who only rely on their innate talents. Those who have talents but ultimately fail can be found everywhere. Therefore, today is for you to prove yourselves if you are worthy of having been called… Heaven’s Chosen! Li Qinghou’s voice was deep and held excitement in it as though it resonated with the surrounding atmosphere, causing everyone in the mountain valley to breathe heavily.

Especially those who had secrets of their own, their eyes filled with fervor.

Even Lu Tianlei and the others had also raised their heads as fighting spirit surfaced on their faces.

“In this time’s qualification battle, the top hundred participants will be promoted to inner sect disciples, and the top ten will represent the South Bank to participate in the grand competition. This is a grand occasion that happens once every half of a sixty-year cycle. This is also the only opportunity available once every thirty years for you to make yourselves known in our sect’s North Bank!” Li Qinghou flourished his large sleeve as the an earth-shaking roar rumbled. In this moment, a light pillar erupted from all of the three mountains on the South Bank and soared towards the sky.

There was an earth-shattering noise and the firmaments roiled, as though a large invisible hand was tearing through the air until it reached the side mountain valley and transformed into a bridge!

That bridge was simplistic and ancient, as though it had existed for countless years. Every single one of the stones that formed that bridge had ancient runes radiating on its surface.

This bridge was a full hundred zhang wide and its end was not in sight. Its sudden appearance seemed to tower above the world. This originally majestic mountain valley had suddenly become an entrance to this bridge.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

“This bridge is named Spirit River Bridge and is one of the most precious asset of the Spirit River Sect. It has now been requested here to serve as your road of trial. All eighth level Qi Condensation disciples are to step onto that bridge after nine chimes of the bell!” Li Qinghou was no longer speaking, but it was Xu Meixiang instead who stood up on the high platform. She was incredibly beautiful. She had a solemn expression on her face as she stood there, her clothes billowing and her long hair dancing with the wind. She looked as though she was not a human, but a fairy instead.

“The one who reaches the end the fastest is the first and so on, this is how the top ten and top hundred disciples will be chosen!” As Xu Meixiang’s voice echoed out, the disciples were filled with agitation as they looked toward that bridge.

This kind of method to have a competition was to test the participants’ overall quality. Moreover, it was not stated in the rules that people were forbidden from fighting, which also meant that as long as the person did not die, regardless of what method was used, as long as they could be the fastest to reach the end, they would be the first!

Moreover, one could imagine that some obstructions would definitely appear on this bridge. It was extremely possible that even luck could become a type of strength.

One by one, everyone present started breathing rapidly, and their eyes flickered with determination. At the same time, their cultivations were raging inside their bodies, Bai Xiaochun let out a yawn from within the crowd and the chime of the bell resounded.

Once, twice, thrice… fourth, fifth, sixth time...

These chimes that rang out one by one struck in everyone’s mind causing all of the participating disciples in this qualification battle to focus their minds. They circulated their cultivations within their body faster and faster. Each and every one seemed imposing as they prepared to unleash their full strength.

Up until the seventh chime, the eighth… In the instant that the ninth chime resounded, a monstrously loud explosion sounded out. Almost every one of the thousands of eighth level Qi Condensation disciples’ cultivations erupted in an instant. Each and every one of them shot forth like an arrow from a bow!

Thousands of people were dashing. Many immediately took flight and headed straight for the ancient bridge in front of them. In the blink of an eye, there were already people stepping on the bridge and speeding along. Shangguan Tianyou’s speed was the fastest. The flying sword beneath his feet whistled, and his whole being turned into a green rainbow, taking the lead for himself!

Behind him was Lu Tianlei. The lightning coiling around his body seemed to propel him with a speed second only to Shangguan Tianyou’s. There was a crimson colour to his eyes as he released a low roar and sped up even faster.

The third was Zhou Xinqi. The blue damask below her feet was rapidly waving as she advanced quickly.

Behind them were a few unrecognisable disciples. Just as Li Qinghou had said, those disciples who normally concealed their strengths were all waiting for this opportunity. They no longer concealed their abilities as they unleashed their full strength. They had pulled away a great distance from the rest in the rear, yet one could see that they still had some energy left in reserve.

The surrounding disciples were observing with eyes wide-opened, their minds were shocked as they squeezed against one another to see.

However, while the crowd was focusing their attention on the arena and following the frantic rush of all the participants, Bai Xiaochun was the only one left behind, standing there all alone.

Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes, and in the instant that the ninth chime resounded, he could sense a gale sweeping across from his entire body. There was already no one in his surroundings. Thousands of people were surging ahead of him, sprinting up to the stone bridge. This was a very spectacular scene, captivating him as he let out praises one after another.

“Good luck!” Bai Xiaochun chanted loudly as his body flashed and appeared on the stone bridge. He had already made up his mind. He was going to only participate in this qualification battle without competing for the top ten or top one hundred.

“I heard that everyone from the North Bank are incredibly fierce. Only a fool would fight with them.” Bai Xiaochun wore a vexing expression. As for the matter of being promoted to an Inner Sect Disciple, he had even more so didn’t take it seriously. He was already an Honourable Disciple and the Sect Master’s Junior Brother as well. Why would he still bother about a status such as an inner sect disciple?

As such, he now looked at the scenery while cheering loudly from time to time, forming an extremely obvious contrast between him and the others on the stone bridge.

One by one, the observing disciples were dumbfounded as they looked at Bai Xiaochun, different kinds of odd expressions surfaced on their faces.

On the platform, Li Qinghou’s veins surfaced on his forehead as he glared at Bai Xiaochun, feeling as if his mind was about to explode.

Both Xu Meixiang and the Green Peak Mountain’s Ancestor were stunned. The duo looked at one another and forced a smile. As for those Elders all around, their eyes were now wide. They would have never thought that such a scene would appear in this qualification battle.

If it was any other disciple, the Elders could just go and scold them. However, Bai Xiaochun’s status was really too exceptional. As a result, one by one, the Elders could only direct their gazes at Li Qinghou and Zheng Yuandong.

Zheng Yuandong had a headache and felt even more awkward because he felt it was truly too embarrassing… He cleared his throat and glanced at Elder Zhou by his side.

“Elder Zhou, this old man can only pretend not to see anything in the following events. That phoenix of yours is so pitiful, ah.”

When Elder Zhou heard this, he immediately understood its meaning as he assumed a gloomy look on his face. He suddenly flew out and yelled out to Bai Xiaochun who was on the stone bridge.

“Bai Xiaochun, no one can save you today. Once this old man catches you, he will definitely make you personally experience the misery that my phoenix felt that day!” As he spoke, he descended on the stone bridge just like a big bird——

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

ED Note: If you guys are wondering about the donation bar, it was bugged the last two weeks.

Chapter 68 was the first sponsored chapter, sponsored by Perry W., Joseph Ryan H., and Exil3402

Chapter 77B was the second sponsored chapter, sponsored by Saurabh B.

It has only been fixed on monday by the mods of XianXiaWorld, sorry for the inconvenience, and we also apologize for not giving credit to the donators. As a compensation, we would have an extra bonus chapter soon. Again, thank you for the donators, and also thank you for the support of all atte readers!

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 - An Unbelievable Explosion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 84 - An Unbelievable Explosion

Bai Xiaochun was taken aback when he heard this roar and quickly turned his head around. When he saw Elder Zhou quickly approaching him, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened as he was scared out of his wits.

Elder Zhou’s appearance was especially menacing. His shout didn’t say he’d take his life, but it threatened to have Bai Xiaochun personally experience that phoenix’s misery instead. But once Bai Xiaochun recalled how the phoenix had pounced on all the birds in the Scented Cloud Mountain in a single day and without even passing up the Spirit Tailed Chickens, he felt absolutely horrified.

His mind couldn’t help but imagine himself in the phoenix’s place. His pupils suddenly enlarged as his whole being violently trembled before he quickly turned around and fled as fast as he could.

Even though he wasn’t one to back down easily and was only afraid of dying… in this moment, he suddenly understood that in this world, there are things even more terrifying than death. Such as turning into that phoenix…

“Senior Brother, save me! I don’t want to be a bird!” When Bai Xiaochun’s thoughts reached that point, he let out a miserable shriek.

On the high platform, Sect Master Zheng Yuandong coughed dryly, pretending he didn’t hear anything.

Under this intense stimuli, Bai Xiaochun repeatedly cried out. His speed suddenly exploded with a bang as he shot forward, leaving only a blur behind. In the blink of an eye, he caught up to the rear of the crowd. These disciples only felt a gust of wind blowing past them. Startled, they could only stare blankly as they raised their heads to see Bai Xiaochun’s back in the distance.

“This… What is this speed!” They were all overwhelmed with shock. They could see Elder Zhou’s figure following close behind him as he similarly whistled by while chasing after Bai Xiaochun.

This sudden scene caused all these disciples to take a deep breath.

Even the outer sect disciples spectating from beside the stone bridge now all stared with their eyes wide from shock.

“That Bai Xiaochun is actually so fast!”

“Him being pursued seems to produce shocking results…”

While everyone was in an uproar, Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry yet had no tears. He felt extremely aggrieved as he was running as though his life depended on it. He surpassed one disciple after another. All of them sucked in a deep breath, swallowed by disbelief from Bai Xiaochun’s speed. One even gritted his teeth and madly chased after him, only to stare with wide eyes as Bai Xiaochun escaped further and further away.

“Dammit, he’s like a mouse which had its tail stepped on!”

Currently, all the disciples that were both on and before the stone bridge were all stunned by Bai Xiaochun’s explosive speed, and even the Sect Head’s group on the high platform was also staring dumbstruck. They were all amazed at Bai Xiaochun’s speed in this moment.

“Eh… quite clever of the Sect Head!” Li Qinghou smiled wryly as he said to Zheng Yuandong.

Xu Meixiang and the Green Peak Mountain’s Elder both had strange expressions on their faces, and the surrounding Elders couldn’t help but let out a laugh.

“For such an unruly kid… I can only resort to this kind of method.” Zheng Yuandong sighed.

At the same time, the commotion caused by everyone outside the stone bridge was gradually getting rowdier as the crowd was following Bai Xiaochun’s outburst.

“He has already surpassed half of the participants, and if he continues like this, he can definitely enter the top one hundred!”

“Good luck, Senior Uncle Bai…” There were even people who cheered for him as they laughed.

It was during this time that the stone bridge suddenly shuddered and puppets actually appeared on it. The eyes of these puppets flashed and they immediately growled and rushed out toward the disciples running on the bridge.

Shangguan Tianyou, who was at the forefront, had a casual expression on his face as he sweeped with the sword in his hands, causing the puppets surrounding him to crumble in a rumble. His speed did not decrease in the slightest bit, maintaining his leading position.

Lu Tianlei, Zhou Xinqi and about three to five disciples, who had previously concealed their abilities, were right behind Shangguan Tianyou and were similarly very relaxed as they burst through the puppets along the way.

Puppets soon appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s surroundings as well. He panicked when he saw them approaching, but just as he was about to make his move, a sudden gale whistled from behind him. Elder Zhou had caught up.

“Bai Xiaochun, this old man has changed his mind. After I catch you, I won’t let you experience the phoenix’s misery, rather, I will let you experience the misery of all the other birds from that day!” Elder Zhou laughed sinisterly, giving his all to draw out Bai Xiaochun’s potential…

When Bai Xiaochun heard this, he suddenly felt the blood in his whole body rush in his head. The sight before his eyes went dark and he blanked out for a short moment. After he realised the implicit meaning behind Elder Zhou’s words, he recalled the miserable fate of those birds and remembered the anguished wailings of the Spirit Tailed Chickens, and even the male phoenix’s robust body… Bai Xiaochun produced the most blood-curdling scream in his whole life.

“Save me! I don’t want to be pounced on…”

In this moment, his fear had exceeded even the one from when he was hunted by the Fallen Chen Clan. He had reached this age, yet he had never been forced to this extent. His whole body trembled as he screamed. A silver glow suddenly appeared and enveloped his body in an instant, causing him to turn into a silver person.

In this instant, it seemed as though his speed broke through some barrier. Just as Elder Zhou reached out for him, a muffled explosion sounded, and like a wild boar, he charged ahead.

Boom, boom, boom!

His speed was incredibly fast, as soon as any puppets approached him, they were immediately knocked into the air, and only a silver streak could be seen as he sped ahead.

Taking a glance into the distance, his figure couldn’t even be seen, there were only countless puppets being shot into the air.

His speed was much faster than before, and soon he he had surpassed the top four, three, two, and finally… the top one hundred!

Extremely fast!

Monstrously loud sounds rang throughout the way as he surpassed hundreds of disciples. Each and every one of them stared dumbfounded, overwhelmed with shock by the sight of Bai Xiaochun heading off into the distance like a ferocious dragon. Bai Xiaochun was screaming as he dashed, and his eyes had already turned bloodshot. He vowed to never let Elder Zhou catch him.

He had long since forgotten that this was a trial, there was no ranking in his eyes. Only one thought filled his mind - run away… and get off this bridge!

There were even some disciples in front of him that he felt were a hindrance, so he grabbed them and tossed them aside as explosions followed in his wake.

Some disciples outside of the stone bridge were standing on the peak of a mountain and watched this scene from afar. After seeing this scene unfold, they all sucked in a deep breath and revealed their shock.

“He… Is he still a human!”

“In what way is he a human? This is clearly a wild boar or a ferocious dragon!”

Elder Zhou stared blankly at the scene before his eyes. He stared at Bai Xiaochun’s figure as the boy didn’t even try to dodge the puppets and relied solely on his body to send them into the air. Elder Zhou also sucked in a deep breath and wondered whether he had perhaps… gone a little too far.

Bai Xiaochun’s acceleration showed no signs of decreasing. He was originally astonishingly fast, but he was actually accelerating even further. The explosions soon turned into earth-shaking tremors. There were no more puppets in front of him, but large nets had appeared instead. These nets materialised out of thin air, obstructing people on the way.

But as these large nets appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun, he just immediately ran through them, tearing large holes in the process. Loud tremors echoed continuously as the nets too failed to stop him.

It seemed as though his body had turned into the sharpest weapon under this extreme speed!

After them, the ground heaved up and down, just like a marshland, even vortexes appeared from time to time. If one were to be caught by one, it would be very difficult for them to escaped out from it. As such, the speed of many disciples plummeted here.

Bai Xiaochun, however… completely ignored all of it. With a whoosh, he charged straight through. Even with vortexes continuously appearing near him, his speed didn’t decrease at all. He continued forward, dragging those vortexes behind him.

Not long after, he had surpassed the top eighty, fifty, thirty, and finally, he entered the top ten…

As Elder Zhou watched this happen, he took another deep breath, let alone all those observing disciples standing outside the stone bridge. At this moment, almost everyone’s gaze was fixed on Bai Xiaochun. As for Shangguan Tianyou and the others, not a single disciple was looking in their direction anymore.

There was a bald young man in front of Bai Xiaochun. There was a cold look in his eyes. He had concealed his fighting abilities for many years and had rarely come in contact with others. He had gathered all his strength today and wanted to let the so-called Big Three Heaven’s Chosen understand what the proverb of a mountain beyond every mountain meant.

His whole body radiated light as three beads rapidly danced in the air around him with shocking might. There were more than ten vortexes near his body, and even though the restrictive ability of these vortexes was not small under the full might of his cultivation, he knew that once he had escaped out of this area, the vortexes would disappear.

“The stronger one is, the more vortexes would wind up around their bodies. I wonder how those few ahead of me fared. These ten vortexes on me are already shocking.” While this bald disciple was proudly monologuing, he suddenly heard an ear-piercing sound from behind. He froze for a moment but assumed he had imagined things, there couldn’t be an ear-piercing sound…

Not waiting for him to turn his head around, a gale swept from behind him. Immediately after, he noticed a figure rapidly rushing past him with more than a hundred vortexes surrounding that figure!

The bald young man’s eyeballs almost fell out of their sockets as he stared dumbfoundedly at the figure. More than a hundred vortexes surrounding it, yet its speed did not seem to slow down in the least. He rubbed his eyes in disbelief, but when he looked at the figure once again, the other party had already gone a distance so far away that only its back was visible.

“Impossible!” The bald young man blurted out.

Bai Xiaochun was shaking. He suddenly let out another blood-curdling scream as the over a hundred vortexes surrounding his body disappeared. He had finally made it out of that area. His speed increased and he shot forward, surpassing another few people along the way. Those were all disciples that had entered the top ten. Each and every one of them had their own lucky encounters and had concealed their abilities before this battle, aiming to to become a sensation overnight. However, when all of them noticed Bai Xiaochun, they were all overwhelmed by shock as though they had seen a mind-blowing monster.

Zhou Xinqi gritted her silver tooth in another zone. There was an endless pressure enveloping her as if the air had solidified, and her speed couldn’t help but drop.

However, just as she was about to struggle out from this zone, a cracking sound suddenly sounded from behind her. Zhou Xinqi paused in surprise and turned her head around. Immediately, her eyes shrunk, her face filled with astonishment.

Boom. Bai Xiaochun rushed straight past her. His speed was so fast that a Kaka sound could be heard as the pressure enveloping his body cracked in the air before Bai Xiaochun actually… broke through!

“Bai Xiaochun?”

“Impossible!” Zhou Xinqi’s eyes widened as she felt the pressure crumble after Bai Xiaochun dashed past her. She stared at Bai Xiaochun’s back as though she had been struck by lightning, her eyes locked on his figure as her mouth hung wide open——

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85 - He is… First?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 85 - He is… First?

While Zhou Xinqi was staring in dismay, a piercing wind could once again be heard from behind her. With large strides, Elder Zhou approached with a smile on his face and even nodded to her while passing by.

Despite that smile, however, only horrifying words left his mouth.

“Bai Xiaochun, this Elder has changed his mind again. After catching you, I will first starve you for a month and then lock you up with a bunch of phoenixes and monstrous beasts!”

Zhou Xinqi was flabbergasted, but realisation hit her as a blood-curdling scream arrived from Bai Xiaochun’s direction.

“Uncle Li, save me! Senior Brother Sect Head, save me! Teacher, save me. I don’t want to starve, I don’t want to be locked up with the phoenixes and monstrous beasts…” Bai Xiaochun was trembling, his fear had reached its peak. His mind was filled with the image painted by Elder Zhou’s words. The more he thought about it, the more he trembled. His speed accelerated once again amidst his blood-curdling screams, and with a bang, a blink of an eye passed, and only an afterimage was left of his silhouette.

Ahead of Bai Xiaochun, Lu Tianlei’s speeding figure seemed like a bolt of lightning. At the beginning, the trial was fairly easy, but it gradually got more and more challenging. The zone he was currently in was filled with wind blades. These wind blades were all extremely sharp, and if one moved quickly, they would attract the wind blades like a magnet.

He had tested that out personally. He threw a puppet only for it to be cut to pieces in an instant by the various wind blades due to its fast speed. That scene caused him to pale and he found himself forced to slow down. After a long while, he finally managed to balance his speed and maintain it as he proceeded forward.

He could no longer see Shangguan Tianyou’s figure in front of him. That Shangguan Tianyou had exceptional resources, and when he walked past this region, it had actually turned into void. Shangguan Tianyou had shuffled past this region without attracting the attention of any of the wind blades. This caused Lu Tianlei, whose abilities were originally not that much weaker than Shangguan Tianyou’s, to harbour hatred for him in the depths of his heart.

“Isn’t it just because of his technique of the void? What is so impressive about him without it? Just wait until I pass this area, the first place… will definitely be mine!” Lu Tianlei heaved a deep breath. He no longer placed even Zhou Xinqi in his eyes, believing that the only person who could contend for the first place with him was Shangguan Tianyou.

However, before he could even exhale, while carefully traversing this zone filled with wind blades and preparing himself charge forward after it, a sudden a gust appeared behind him in an instant.

This roar of the wind was too strong, causing all the wind blades to tremble. Lu Tianlei’s mind shuddered when he noticed it, only to be pleasantly surprised immediately after.

“Haha, that Zhou Xinqi must have caught up. That foolish girl, the faster the speed you enter this place with, the more wind blades one would attract to themselves and I can also use this opportunity to sprint out!” Lu Tianlei quickly turned his head around. He saw a small figure sprinting behind him that quickly entered the zone. That figure had actually burst through a 30% of the zone, leaving less than a thousand zhang between that figure and Lu Tianlei.

Due to its fast speed, the surrounding wind blades clustered together in the blink of an eye and whistled straight at the figure. There were countless of wind blades. Within a radius of thousands of zhang, all wind blades swarmed together, practically forming a hurricane in but an instant.

“It’s not Zhou Xinqi? This speed is too fast, but they are similarly a fool courting death!” Lu Tianlei noticed that it was Bai Xiaochun, causing him to be shocked and making him suck in a deep breath, but shortly after, he chuckled.

“One has to cultivate with their head!” Lu Tianlei laughed loudly when he saw most of the wind blades zoom in on Bai Xiaochun. The lightning inside Lu Tianlei’s body spread out, and his speed suddenly exploded as he headed straight for the exit in front of him.

However, just as he increased his speed, a monstrous roar sounded from behind him along with Bai Xiaochun’s screams. Bai Xiaochun didn’t pause even for a second as he accelerated faster and faster and collided with the wind blades.

The amount of wind blades surrounding him were already too many to count, but when they met Bai Xiaochun, the silver light around his whole body flashed, and all those wind blades that had frightened Lu Tianlei immediately shattered to pieces.

After the countless wind blades shattered, they quickly reformed again. A loud sound reverberated as Bai Xiaochun’s body whooshed past Lu Tianlei’s side in the blink of an eye.

The reformed wind blades behind him quickly chased and attacked him as if unwilling to admit defeat.

Lu Tianlei froze for a moment as he stared, his eyes felt as if they would pop out of their sockets. His scalp numbed and his mind was in a daze.

“Impossible!” He was shocked. He had personally witnessed the innumerable wind blades chasing after Bai Xiaochun, but they had actually… not caught up with him. In the blink of an eye, Bai Xiaochun had already dashed out of the zone filled with the wind blades.

The wind blades couldn’t chase after Bai Xiaochun outside and raged on the boundary when they suddenly seemed to notice Lu Tianlei…

“No… No!” Lu Tianlei’s heart thumped loudly. Even if he wanted to decrease his speed and his lightning-like figure immediately halted, those wind blades that were left behind by Bai Xiaochun would still throw themselves at Lu Tianlei.

Soon, a horrified scream rang out.

Bai Xiaochun could vaguely hear this scream as he ran ahead. He was very surprised, but had no time to even turn his head around as Elder Zhou’s furious howls seemed to be right behind him. Bai Xiaochun had a sullen look as he bitterly clenched his teeth and once again focused on running.

Fortunately, Elder Zhou passed through the wind blade zone while in pursuit of Bai Xiaochun. He rescued Lu Tianlei who was left in an extremely miserable state after being encircled by the countless wind blades and had had his clothes torn to shreds. If he hadn’t been rescued, Lu Tianlei would have likely been forced to give up on the trial.

“Bai Xiaochun!” Lu Tianlei’s eyes were red. He had recognised Bai Xiaochun and bellowed out.

Bai Xiaochun was completely unaware that he had caused a person to hate him down to the bone and continued running with lightning speed, passing one deserted zone after the other. Half an incense stick worth of time passed before the end of the bridge finally appeared in the distance.

“I am finally about to escape!” Bai Xiaochun was getting excited as he didn’t even notice the figure near the bridge’s end. That figure was struggling forward step by step.

Shangguan Tianyou was breathing heavily. The whole way up to the last zone had been very easy for him. Only now did he experience difficulties.

“This zone is actually suppressing my spiritual energy!” There was a fierce look in his eyes. Spiritual energy was shackled in this area and an immense pressure weighed down upon him as if he was carrying a mountain on his back. What was even more shocking was that with every step he took, it was as if an additional mountain was placed on his body. It seemed like a walk through a mere hundred steps, yet the difficulty made his whole body shudder as he was quickly reaching his limit.

The pressure increased as the mountains that weighed down on him increased even more, especially near the end. Currently, he seemed to be only eleven steps away from the exit, but he knew that the difficulty of these eleven steps was something that had surpassed everything that he had previously experienced in his life.

Shangguan Tianyou took a deep breath as a firm look surfaced in his eyes.

“The first place in the qualification battle originally already belongs to me. My goal lies within the Heaven’s Chosen War between the South and the North Bank. I will step into the inner sect with the status of the first in the Heaven’s Chosen War, and years later, I will step into the Spirit River Sect’s Legacy Order!” Shangguan Tianyou gritted his teeth and prepared to take a step forward when he suddenly sensed something. He turned his head around and took a glance behind him, immediately spotting Bai Xiaochun.

“It is him…” There was almost no one who did not recognise Bai Xiaochun in the South Bank. Even if they had not seen him before, they had attended his funeral and seen his portrait. Shangguan Tianyou was slightly astonished because he originally assumed that it was only natural that the person behind him would be Lu Tianlei.

“It seems like my expectations for Lu Tianlei might have been too high. He too is trash.” Shangguan Tianyou retracted his gaze. He was only slightly surprised and decided to disregard Bai Xiaochun. In his heart, Bai Xiaochun and him were not people of the same level. After taking another step forward, Shangguan Tianyou’s whole body shuddered. He clenched his teeth as all the bones in his body creaked.

Almost in the same moment when Shangguan Tianyou took this step, Bai Xiaochun entered the zone. He didn’t really feel anything when he took the first, second, third, fourth…

Only after he had taken the fiftieth step in a row did his body pause all of a sudden. He raised his head in surprise and glanced towards the sky.

“What is going on? I feel as though my body is slightly heavier.”

In this exact moment, Shangguan Tianyou’s body trembled. His foot finally landed, and he stood firmly on the ninetieth step. His whole being seemed to be on the verge of collapse as he gasped for breath, but satisfaction rose on his face. When he turned his head around and took a glance, he immediately noticed that Bai Xiaochun was already at his fiftieth step.

His eyes suddenly locked on Bai Xiaochun.

“He… How can he be this fast!” Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes revealed shock, but afterwards, he just gritted his teeth.

“It must be the body-cultivation technique allowing him to be slightly faster in the beginning. However, the further he progresses, the more difficult it will be. He…” Before Shangguan Tianyou could finish his thoughts, his whole body shuddered as he stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun. He watched Bai Xiaochun who was actually running toward him with lightning speed.

“Running… He… He’s running?” Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes widened as he stared dumbfounded at Bai Xiaochun who was rapidly approaching. Very soon, Bai Xiaochun stopped in front of him.

“Hey, why are you walking so slow?” Bai Xiaochun asked. He turned his head to look behind him, then he discovered that Elder Zhou hadn’t caught up to him yet. He relaxed and asked curiously.

“You… don’t you feel as though there are mountains weighing down on your body?” Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes blinked quickly and blurted out a question in confusion.

“Mountains? Eh, there’s a few but they are not much of a problem.” Bai Xiaochun paused for a moment and even hopped a few times. When Shangguan Tianyou saw this, his eyes opened wide as he took a deep breath, his face clearly expressing his disbelief.

Bai Xiaochun intended to continue jumping when he suddenly saw Elder Zhou’s figure approaching in the distance. Another scream left his mouth and his body quickly dashed ahead, moving across the last ten steps in a flash as he darted out of the ancient bridge… In the moment that he did, his speed skyrocketed, and in the blink of an eye, only an afterimage remained.

In the split second that Bai Xiaochun disappeared, Elder Zhou’s footsteps paused in shock and he laughed bitterly.

“This Bai Xiaochun, he… actually got the first place?”

At the same time, Zheng Yuandong, Li Qinghou and the others who were on the high platform had all stood up as well. Each and everyone of them had a strange expression on their faces. The Elders and the rest around them too were astonished even though they were somewhat mentally prepared when Bai Xiaochun surpassed Zhou Xinqi and Lu Tianlei. Having seen him take the first place with their own eyes, their minds were still shocked. Especially since Bai Xiaochun had actually passed the last zone with such ease...

“He placed… first?” Li Qinghou murmured.

Soon after, those observing disciples standing on higher grounds nearby also noticed this scene and an uproar shook from the mountain valley.

“Bai Xiaochun… He surpassed Zhou Xinqi, Lu Tianlei, Shangguan Tianyou. He placed first!”

“Heavens, this Bai Xiaochun could actually compete to be first!”

“Elder Zhou played an extremely important role in Bai Xiaochun being able to get the first place though. If anyone else was chased in such a blood-chilling manner, I expect that they too would also be able to unleash such death-defying strength!”

Shangguan Tianyou’s face paled all of a sudden as a buzzing sound appeared in his mind. Everything before him turned black, and he felt as if he was struck by lightning.

Staring at the back of Bai Xiaochun’s figure as he crossed the stone bridge right in front of him, Shangguan Tianyou’s body started to tremble violently.

“Bai Xiaochun!” Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes were completely red. His pride, his ego, his everything felt like it had just been stepped on by Bai Xiaochun’s foot in this moment. Especially when he recalled how he had actually been asked by Bai Xiaochun why was he walking so slow just moments ago.

Shangguan Tianyou’s blood surged into his brain and sword Qi suddenly exploded out of his body. He recklessly walked forward with quick steps and blood sprayed out of his mouth after the tenth step.

“Bai Xiaochun, I, Shangguan Tianyou have never lost before. This time… I refuse to accept this. I will let you know in the Heaven’s Chosen War that from all of the outer sect disciples, there is no one that can… win against me!” He gritted his teeth as he stubbornly glared in the direction Bai Xiaochun disappeared in. Bloodlust flickered in his eyes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week. One more tonight.

ED Note (Arch): My laptop has just been repaired and I was unable to edit anything the past two days. Sorry!

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 - Again With This Tactic...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 86 - Again With This Tactic...

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was filled with terror as he ran down the mountain with lightning speed. He even ran outside the sect and wandered around the market for quite some time.

“What am I going to do?” Bai Xiaochun frowned. He felt wronged from the bottom of his heart. It was clearly the phoenix who had come and snatched the medicine pill that day, but no matter how hard he tried to explain it, Elder Zhou did not relent…

“But, I seem to be… the first?” While Bai Xiaochun was worrying, he suddenly remembered something and went blank for a moment.

“Ah, I initially did not want to compete with those juniors based on my status as the Sect Head’s Junior Brother.” Bai Xiaochun let out a dry cough but he still felt some pride in his heart. However, as he continued his train of thought, he realised that he was now required to participate in the Heaven’s Chosen War against the North Bank and immediately turned gloomy.

Bai Xiaochun wandered around the market until late at night, mulling over the fact that he would eventually have to go back. Finally, he took out a transmission jade slip and sent a message to Xu Baocai.

Bai Xiaochun asked Xu Baocai go to his courtyard and take a look around to check whether Elder Zhou was waiting there.

After a long time, he received a reply over the transmission jade slip from Xu Baocai, telling him that it was already safe to return, but he only felt slightly reassured. He cautiously made his way to the gate and quickly went up the Scented Cloud Mountain. In the distance distance, he saw Xu Baocai’s lone silhouette outside his courtyard. Only after cautiously observing his surroundings for a long time did he finally approach Xu Baocai.

When Xu Baocai saw Bai Xiaochun, his eyes immediately lit up with excitement, but just when he was about to open his mouth, he was pulled into the courtyard by Bai Xiaochun.

“Senior Uncle Bai, relax. Elder Zhou had already been summoned by the Sect Head…” Xu Baocai quickly spoke as he looked at Bai Xiaochun with worship in his eyes.

“When he was in the Burning Stoves Kitchen, he had always kept a low profile and had even come up with selling the positions qualifying one to become an outer sect disciple. After he entered the sect, he had gotten first in the small competition and became somewhat of a sensation. But the most shocking thing was the matter with the Fallen Chen Clan. He had actually returned alive, obtaining the status of an Honourable Disciple and obtaining the renowned position of the Sect Head’s Junior Brother. And now, he had placed first in the qualification battle. This Bai Xiaochun… will definitely become admired to no end, and he will certainly be looked upon with awe like a mountain’s peak in the future!”

Xu Baocai had personally witnessed the whole process of Bai Xiaochun surpassing everyone and becoming first. It had left him shocked for the most part of the day. He revered Bai Xiaochun as someone exceptional, especially after the recent events. He immediately cupped his fist to Bai Xiaochun and bowed deeply to show his respect.

“Congratulations Senior Uncle Bai for becoming the first person qualified to fight as a representative of the South Bank!”

Bai Xiaochun inspected the whole courtyard before he heaved a deep sigh of relief. He raised his head and looked in the direction of the mountain where Elder Zhou’s cavern was. He vowed to himself that once he had reached the Foundation Establishment level, he would definitely go stew that phoenix bird that framed him and eat it!

After hearing Xu Baocai’s words, Bai Xiaochun turned his head and looked at him as he cleared his throat.

“My esteemed self is unconcerned with fame and fortune. A person who is like the clouds in the skies wouldn’t have competed with those juniors over that empty title, alas, Elder Zhou’s untimely appearance forced my hand today.” Bai Xiaochun spoke solemnly, like a senior filled with regret.

If Bai Xiaochun had said something like this before, even if Xu Baocai wouldn’t have dared to reveal anything on his expression, he would have still surely looked down on Bai Xiaochun in his heart. Now however, in his eyes, Bai Xiaochun was a Heaven’s Chosen among the Heaven’s Chosen, so he hastily opened his mouth to speak.

“Senior Uncle Bai has always kept a low profile, but for a Heaven’s Chosen like Senior Uncle Bai, even if you were to keep a low profile, you would still emit a blinding radiance that will capture everyone’s attention with just a casual flick of your hand.”

Listening to these kindsof words made Bai Xiaochun elated, but he was still maintaining his composure on the surface. However, he still felt eager for Xu Baocai to continue speaking so he gazed at him with appreciation and encouragement.

Xu Baocai sensed Bai Xiaochun’s encouragement and excitedly continued speaking.

“With Senior Uncle Bai representing our South Bank in the upcoming Heaven’s Chosen War against the North Bank, we can definitely sweep the stigma off of the South Bank accumulated over the past years and shock the entire North Bank!”

“How very arrogant of the vicious five great Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank to be rumoured as the strongest below the Foundation Establishment. Soon the time when they realise that the real Heaven’s Chosen is on the South Bank’s Scented Cloud Mountain will come!” Xu Baocai praised enthusiastically.

“Five great Heaven’s Chosen?” Bai Xiaochun’s expression remained casual on the surface, but inside, his heart skipped a beat.

“That is right. There are five great Heaven’s Chosen on that North Bank. One of them is Bei Hanlie from the Setting Sun Mountain, cold and arrogant. Cultivating the Setting Sun Technique, one of the Spirit River Sect’s ten greatest secret techniques. He also has a rare Nocturnal Beast that is extremely ferocious and has extraordinary strength. The Nocturnal Beast had once torn a living person apart while they were still alive. He is a human, yet a beast and has even exterminated ninth level Qi Condensation powerhouses before! He is a person recognised as the outer sect’s number one on the Setting Sun Mountain!”

“Torn a living person apart while they were still alive?” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened.

“This is nothing. One of the others, the Sky Mountain’s Xu Song was born with the Heaven Communicating Body. When he entered the gate that year, the Sky Mountain’s Ancestor paid a huge price to take Xu Song as his disciple. As for his control over monstrous beasts, he has already reached a terrifying level near perfection. There is a rumour that he can control five beasts at the same time, and once, when a rogue Qi Condensation cultivator angered him, the rogue was hunted by Xu Song for three months. In the end, he had his five beasts consume the cultivator over three days, leaving only the bones behind!”

“Leaving only the bones behind?!” Bai Xiaochun’s heart trembled.

“There are people who are even more savage than he is, the third and fourth Heaven’s Chosen of the North Bank. The two of them are siblings, and the duo are from Iridaceae Mountain. The younger sister’s name is Gongsun Wan-Er and is incredibly beautiful. She is an expert in birds of prey and had once dueled with Zhou Xinqi... but who won and who lost remain unknown!

(ED note: Iridaceae is a family of plants, taking it’s name from the Irises, which in turn originates from the greek word for rainbow https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iridaceae )

The older brother’s name is Gongsun Yun and is an expert in the Dao of insects and parasites. He likes to wear black robes and uses his own body to rear spiritual insects. Rumour has it that the insides of his body is filled with the eggs of the insects. He is extremely strange. His opponents would frequently have parasites crawling all over their bodies in the end. They make their way into the human body and devour the flesh, causing them so much pain that they would wish they were dead. If their response is even slightly delayed, they would be cleanly devoured by those parasites without even the bones remaining!”

“Without even the bones remaining?!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath after imagining the scene in his mind, his hairs standing on end.

“The last person… is said to be the most mysterious among the five great Heaven’s Chosen. That person has no name and was brought back twenty years ago by the Ghost Tooth Mountain’s Ancestor. His background is a mystery and he took the name Gui Ya. He comes from the Ghost Tooth Mountain and is an expert in the Dao of ghost techniques. He has cultivated the technique that is rumoured to be the most difficult among the Spirit River Sect’s ten greatest secret techniques and is also known as the Water Nation… the Night Ghost Technique! Rumour has it that he has already reached the level of the Hundred Ghost. There are even people who consider him as the strongest Heaven’s Chosen in the North Bank…” Xu Baocai told Bai Xiaochun all that he knew and as Bai Xiaochun listened his heart danced wildly.

He realised that every single one of these Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank seemed to be so much more vicious than those in the South Bank. Even though the North Bank is mainly concerned with taming beasts and it was inevitable for them to reek of blood, this disparity shouldn’t have been so excessive.

“Over the years, the South Bank has been suppressed by the North Bank and lost the Heaven’s Chosen Wars. I even heard that out of the those in the top ten, nine were from the North Bank the previous time. That humiliation, we…” Xu Baocai was currently worked up as he spoke, but he suddenly realised that there was something wrong with Bai Xiaochun’s complexion and became startled as he looked at him.

“Senior Uncle Bai, what’s wrong?”

Bai Xiaochun quickly raised his small chin and spoke in a righteous and awe-inspiring tone.

“As a member of the South Bank, hearing such things regarding the South Bank makes me furious from the bottom of my heart!”

“Senior Uncle Bai need not be furious. This time, we have Senior Uncle Bai stepping forth, we will definitely let that North Bank know the strength of the South Bank!” Xu Baocai clenched his fist tightly and spoke enthusiastically.

“The North Bank is nothing. When I, Bai Xiaochun, wave my hand, they will scatter into ashes and disperse into smoke.” Bai Xiaochun was already unable to get off from his high horse, so he forged on, raising his chin and spoke loftily as he flourished his small sleeve.

Xu Baocai was enthralled and spoke a while longer before finally taking his leave, filled with awe.

It was now very late at night and only Bai Xiaochun was left in the courtyard. As he recalled the five people that Xu Baocai had previously described, the mountain breeze blew, running a chill down his spine.

“What kind of people are there at the North Bank? They raise beasts, bugs and even ghosts… It sounds like they are very fearsome…” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and he returned to his cabin. Xu Baocai’s introduction to the North Bank was still floating in his mind.

“That Elder Zhou must have done it on purpose!” Bai Xiaochun was convinced that something was amiss and reached that conclusion.

“The thing that I hate the most in this life of mine is fighting and killing formidable opponents!” Bai Xiaochun had made up his mind that regardless of what he said, he would not participate in the Heaven’s Chosen War.

On the next day however, early in the morning and before Bai Xiaochun could figure out how to weasel out of the Heaven’s Chosen War, a jade decree was sent from the Scented Cloud Mountain. The jade decree turned into a black light and flew into Bai Xiaochun’s cabin, and then suddenly, Li Qinghou’s voice sounded out.

“Bai Xiaochun, ranked first in the South Bank’s qualification battle. You are to participate in the outer sect’s Heaven’s Chosen War between the South and North Bank together with the other nine qualified disciples! Failure will result in you being thrown into the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley!”

“Again with this tactic…” Bai Xiaochun had a sullen look on his face as he heard Li Qinghou’s voice come from the decree. He felt tricked by Elder Zhou...

After Li Qinghou’s voice dissipated, with a flash of light, the jade slip disappeared, and a bracelet, which landed in front of Bai Xiaochun, suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned as he picked up the bracelet, inspecting it closely. He directed his spiritual Qi inside the bracelet only for it to immediately turn into a black-coloured liquid. It enveloped Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, and in a flash, it spread until it covered his whole body.

At the same time, the technique used to control the item left behind by Li Qinghou entered Bai Xiaochun’s ears. Furthermore, it explained that the bracelet could withstand the full power of a single attack from an early stage Foundation Establishment Cultivator!

Bai Xiaochun was startled. He was now no longer the country bumpkin who had just entered the sect. He clearly understood the value of a protective treasure such as this. It was even more precious than the Divine Crane Shield that the Sect Head had given him. Bai Xiaochun couldn’t help but raise his head and stare at the peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

Even though Li Qinghou did not explain the item in great detail, Bai Xiaochun could feel a warmth deep inside from this bracelet. He recalled the small competition at the outset and recalled Li Qinghou’s expectations.

Remaining silent for a long while, Bai Xiaochun suddenly clenched his teeth as determination surfaced in his eyes.

“This Heaven’s Chosen War, I will participate in it!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week, last for tonight.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87 - The Outer Sect’s Heaven’s Chosen War Between The South Bank And North Bank
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 87 - The Outer Sect’s Heaven’s Chosen War Between The South Bank And North Bank

Time passed as Bai Xiaochun remained in his residence. Ten days later, he had yet to take a single step out, when stately chimes echoed throughout the whole sect and his jade slip simultaneously vibrated.

The Outer Sect’s Heaven’s Chosen War between the South Bank and North Bank was officially held ten days after the South Bank’s qualification match!

The Outer Sect’s Heaven’s Chosen War held once every half sixty-year cycle was always held at the Zhong Dao Mountain. On this day, when the bells from the Zhong Dao Mountain rang throughout the whole the Spirit River Sect, countless outer sect disciples could be seen dashing toward the mountain.

The interaction between the South Bank and North Bank was usually minimal. Only the inner sect disciples could enter each other’s region, and the outer sect disciples did not have this qualification. It was only on this day that the Zhong Dao Mountain was open to all the disciples in the sect, allowing the outer sect disciples to enter and observe the Heaven’s Chosen War. Regardless as to whether it was the South Bank or the North Bank, everyone was brimming with excitement at this moment. Hurried people could be seen all around the Spirit River Sect.

“The South Bank must wash away our disgrace this time!”

“We must let the North Bank know that the South Bank will surpass our past selves and rise in prominence!”

While the outer sect disciples from the South Bank were filled with enthusiasm, similarly, the outer sect disciples from the four mountains on the North Bank were also making their way to Zhong Dao Mountain with haste. Prideful voices sounded out along the way, one after the other.

“The South Bank is weak and has been continuously losing to us, the North Bank, for more than a thousand years. This time won’t be an exception either!”

“The North Bank is sure to be victorious, the South Bank is sure to fail. The Spirit River Sect is lead by the North Bank. The South Bank is nothing more than a subordinate!”

The commotion caused by these two Banks was getting more and more intense as the countless outer sect disciples were speeding toward the Zhong Dao Mountain. Shangguan Tianyou, who was on the Green Peak Mountain, had a cold expression on his face. A trace of sharpness could be seen in his gaze as he flew out in a flash.

At the same time, Lu Tianlei, who was on the Purple Cauldron Mountain, looked towards the sky and let out a low roar. His whole body twined with lightning, and amidst the cheers of the many nearby disciples, he too shot into the distance.

Zhou Xinqi had similarly flown out at this time, all these three great Heaven’s Chosen from the South Bank were incomparably serious.

Likewise, Bai Xiaochun lifted his head from within his residence, his eyes bloodshot. He took a deep breath with a serious expression.

“Time’s up… fighters going to battle must have their battle vests!” He slowly stood up, raised his right hand and patted his storage pouch, causing seven-eight leather armours to appear. When he had battled with the Fallen Chen Clan that year, his leather armours had been torn apart, so he had prepared some new leather armours a few years back. Both its quality and durability were much higher.

With a serious look, he put on each and every piece of the leather on his body, and then he flourished his sleeve.

“Fighters going to battle must have their backs armoured!” In place of Bai Xiaochun’s sleeve, a big pot appeared from within his storage pouch. Zhang Fatso One’s pot had been destroyed that year during the battle with the Fallen Chen Clan, and a new pot had been prepared by Bai Xiaochun after he returned to the Sect. His eyes grew solemn as he placed this black pot on his back.

“Fighters going to battle must have their magic treasures!” As Bai Xiaochun was proudly monologuing, he waved with his hand once again, and a small wooden sword immediately flew out and attached itself to his belt. Soon, the Golden Crow Sword, along with three more flying swords, too hung at the side. After that, he also took the Divine Crane Shield out and placed it at the most convenient position.

Yet he still did not feel reassured, so he put on the bracelet that Li Qinghou had given him and only then did he raise his chin. His whole body exuded an imposing atmosphere as he stepped forward heavily, walking out through the big door of his cabin amidst faint tremors.

As he stood outside of the door, the bells’ chimes echoing throughout the sect entered his ears. Just as he was about to proceed onward, he suddenly felt that he was still missing something and patted his storage pouch, taking a spear out and holding it with both his hands.

Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeve, stirring the wind as he left the courtyard.

If one looked from afar at Bai Xiaochun in this moment, they would see a body bulging like a ball with a big pot on its back and a spear in hands. When he walked, five-six flying swords on his body swayed and rang as they collided from around his body. With his hair swaying in the wind, he was as imposing as the heavens.

Whereever he passed, countless Scented Cloud Mountain outer sect disciples would feel their hearts stir, awed by Bai Xiaochun’s attire.

The bells never stopped and gradually spread throughout the entire sect. Their chimes, louder and louder, raising the spirits of the countless outer sect disciples. Along with that, many of the inner sect disciples also flew towards the Zhong Dao Mountain.

Bai Xiaochun walked with big strides as outer sect disciples slowly gathered behind him. Among them was Xu Baocai, continuously cheering.

“Senior Uncle Bai’s presence towers above like a rainbow!”

“We will be victorious!” These people were outer sect disciples who looked favourably on Bai Xiaochun. They were following Bai Xiaochun from behind and giving their all to cheer for him. Hou Xiaomei too was among them, her crisp voice standing out from the rest.

Bai Xiaochun turned his head around to glance at the crowd behind him. The sight touched his heart, so he gave them a nod. He felt that since everyone supported him as such, he had to strive hard to meet their expectations...

Hence, he raised his chin and proudly continued forward. Step by step, he arrived at the Zhong Dao Mountain where a humongous arena greeted his eyes.

The glow of a formation array flickered from all around it, completely enveloping the whole arena. A platform stood tall atop the Zhong Dao Mountain where the figures of the many sect Elders gathered one by one.

On both ends of the arena below it, the many outer sect disciples were arriving and clustering together. The amount of people on each end numbered in tens of thousands.

On the north end of the arena, the disciples from the North Bank could be seen. They seemed stronger than the South Bank in terms of grandeur, especially since nearly all of them had a monstrous beast in tow.

Those monstrous beasts all had different appearances, but a ferocious look resided in their eyes, enough to warn one not to provoke them. The seven-eight people at the forefront in particular. Both males and females had ice-cold expressions on their faces and carried an imposing aura within them.

Two of them stood out from the rest. One was an extremely beautiful female wearing a purple cheongsam with an impressive seven-coloured phoenix by her side. That bird seemed even more majestic than the ones raised by Elder Zhou; Its gaze was as piercing as lightning and seemed to be looking down on everyone.

The other was a young man wearing a blue chang pao. He was extraordinarily handsome, with a shocking red sun imprinted on his forehead.

A giant beast lay on its stomach beside his feet. From the distance, it appeared to be a huge dog. Its whole body was covered with thick black fur, its claws and teeth were sharp and a golden light shimmered from its eyes.

This beast looked extremely ferocious as it exposed its teeth. Its enormous body was already at the height of a person even while it was lying down. If it were to stand up, it would perhaps be as tall as two. This beast exuded a powerful pressure and one could easily imagine that this huge dog’s physical strength was as overwhelming as rumours entailed.

The person who had the sun imprinted between his eyebrows was precisely one of the North Bank’s five great Heaven’s Chosen, Bei Hanlie. That huge dog by his side was also exactly the North Bank’s well-known… Nocturnal Beast!

Beside these two from the North Bank, the other disciples standing at the front were also astonishing. One who was wearing a black robe that covered even his face and only exposed only his cold brown eyes. If one were to look closely however, they would actually see insects and parasites occasionally drilling in and out of his eyes.

These scenes gripped the South Bank disciples’ hearts with fear.

All the North Bank disciples looked disdainfully across the arena and towards the southern side of the arena, right at the… South Bank disciples!

“The South Bank is bound to fail again today. The only capable ones amongst them are Shangguan Tianyou, Lu Tianlei and Zhou Xinqi.”

“I heard that another of the South Bank had snatched the first place in the qualification battle. It is said that the person is an Honourable Disciple and the Sect Master’s Junior Brother.”

“No matter who it is, it is all in vain. The chosen ones from our North Bank are still the strongest!”

While those North Bank disciples were discussing, most of the South Bank’s outer sect disciples placed at the southern side of the arena too were clearly comparing themselves with the North Bank disciples, alleviating themselves above them.

“A barbarous monstrous-beast-rearing bunch. This time, the South Bank is definitely going to avenge the humiliation that we have faced all these years!”

“If we lose to them, it would really make us lose face!”

There were nine people standing in front of the North Bank’s outer sect disciples. Beside the impressive Shangguan Tianyou, Zhou Xinqi and Lu Tianlei were six others. Each and every one stood imposingly as they stared at the North Bank’s Heaven Chosen with killing intent surging in their eyes.

While they were busy staring each other with murderous eyes, Bai Xiaochun arrived.

Almost in the instant that Bai Xiaochun arrived, not only did Shangguan Tianyou’s group look in his direction, but all of the South Bank outer sect disciples too gazed upon him. Various thoughts flowed through their heads and the discussions quieted down.

Shangguan Tianyou looked at Bai Xiaochun with a complex look. Implacability festered his heart as his eyes turned cold.

Lu Tianlei was similarly discontented and ferociously glared at Bai Xiaochun as the lightning twining around his body crackled.

Zhou Xinqi remained silent as she looked at Bai Xiaochun. Her eyes revealed a strange glow as she sized him up carefully. She sought to discern what was hidden beneath this small white body and what power lay within it.

As for the North Bank’s side, everyone couldn’t help but direct their gazes at Bai Xiaochun. To them, Bai Xiaochun was a nobody, and after the the initial shock of his getup, contempt replaced it.

The scorn in the eyes of the North Bank Heaven’s Chosen was even greater.

When he found himself as the focus of everyone’s attention, Bai Xiaochun became somewhat embarrassed and let out a dry cough. He lifted his head high, puffed his chest out and straightened his back like the spear in his hands as he walked under everyone’s eyes to stand beside Zhou Xinqi.

After he noticed that both sides had already started the battle with a staring contest, Bai Xiaochun became vigorous.

“Staring contests, I am an expert in those!” Bai Xiaochun perked up and directed a ferocious glare across the arena at the North Bank disciples with a serious expression on his face.

The wind blew in that moment and tousled Bai Xiaochun’s hair, his figure matching with the spear in his hands, inadvertently making him even more imposing.

Time passed and the crowds on both sides continued to expand. Not long after, a sea of people surrounded the arena in the center.

The Heaven’s Chosen in front of the North Bank also gradually arrived. The last to appear was a young man wearing a black robe from head to toe. He appeared rather ordinary except for his pale face that seemed to be drained of any blood. He walked alone and stood in front, closing his eyes as if he had no interest in his surroundings at all. Distortions seemed to appear in his surroundings just as he closed his eyes. It was as if malicious spirits wanted to rush out of the underworld and breech into the human realm.

It was at this time that rainbows arrived whistling from both the South and the North Bank. Those were the Ancestors from the seven mountains and their respective Elders. Most of them appeared just now and immediately headed straight for the platform towering above the arena.

Elder Zhou too was among them, with the phoenix that had slandered Bai Xiaochun circling around him. After it noticed Bai Xiaochun, its eyes looked at Bai Xiaochun with arrogance from above.

The figure of Sect Head Zheng Yuandong also appeared on the terrace platform. After everyone gathered, his gaze swept across the disciples from both the South Bank and the North Bank below and suddenly spoke.

“Due to the fact that the North Bank was victorious in the previous round of the South Bank and North Bank’s outer sect Heaven’s Chosen War, they have twelve people qualified to participate today.”

“Due to the South Bank losing the previous round, its participants in this battle can only be the default ten people.”

“There are a total of twenty two people, and lots will be drawn to decide the opponents in order to choose ten outer sect disciples and... determine the strongest among them!”

“We are of the same sect and should learn from one another. Deliberately killing someone is forbidden. Between every round, there are three incense sticks’ worth of recovery time. Moreover, once one party had conceded, the other party is not allowed to continue attacking. The arbiter will be the Law Enforcement Agency’s Elder Ouyang.”

“You must all perform well. The Spirit River Sect’s four Grand Elders will also be following this battle closely through their spiritual sense… The Outer Sect Heaven’s Chosen War between the South Bank and the North Bank… begin!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88A - The Valiant North Bank
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 88A - The Valiant North Bank

As soon as Zheng Yuandong’s words travelled out, all of the North and South Bank disciples on the arena felt their hearts shudder and they subconsciously raised their heads to gaze at the terrace above.

When they did, four heaven-shaking and earth-startling spiritual senses immediately arrived from the forbidden area on the peak of Zhong Dao Mountain that was covered in brilliant white snow. As they appeared, they swept across everyone present.

Having being swept over by those four spiritual senses, all of the outer sect disciples, including Bai Xiaochun, momentarily shuddered under the feeling of absolute suppression, as though both their body and soul could be exterminated at a glimpse.

Bai Xiaochun wasn’t the only one to feel this way, Shangguan Tianyou and the Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank shuddered too. But soon after, excitement and enthusiasm surfaced in their eyes.

The Grand Elders were paying attention to this battle. This matter caused all disciples qualified for the battle to have their breaths quicken and their eyes shine brightly.

“If one is able to attract the attention of the Grand Elders, they might be accepted as a Conclave Disciple...”

“We must go all-out in this battle!” In this moment, killing intent exploded from the bodies of the competing outer sect disciples from both the North and South Banks.

It was Bai Xiaochun alone who blinked his eyes.

“Grand Elders on the same level as my Master? Then they would be my Senior Uncles…” Bai Xiaochun was filled with pride as he felt that his status was really high. After this Heaven’s Chosen War had ended, he thought that he should definitely go visit those Senior Uncles to pay his respects.

It was also at this time that Sect Head Zheng Yuandong, who was on the terrace, flourished his large sleeve and a ball of light appeared out of thin air. The ball of light suddenly flew toward the arena, illuminating it as it divided itself into twenty-two beads. Each of them flew towards the representatives of the South Bank and the North Bank. After arriving at Bai Xiaochun and the others, they all quickly lowered their heads to inspect the ones in their hands.

“Eleven?” Bai Xiaochun peeked from the corner of his eye with the intention to steal a glance at other people’s beads but realised that Shangguan Tianyou and the rest had all hidden theirs tightly, preventing those beside them to see their number.

“First battle, those holding beads number one and number two, go to the arena!” A cold and somber voice arrived from the terrace above. It didn’t belong to Zheng Yuandong, instead it came from Ouyang Jie from the Law Enforcement Agency.

As soon as his voice echoed out, a person flew out from the North Bank’s side. That person was tall and skinny with a cold and arrogant look on his face. Once he appeared on the arena, loud cheers immediately resounded from the North Bank. Even though he was not one of the North Bank’s five great Heaven’s Chosen, as seen from the magnitude of the cheers from those North Bank disciples, that person too was a Chosen one.

“North Bank, Liu Yun!” When this tall and skinny youngster got on the arena and spoke arrogantly, Shangguan Tianyou similarly had shot out from the South Bank’s side and appeared on the arena.

“South Bank, Shangguan Tianyou!” He stood there with an indifferent expression on his face. He stood straight like a sharp sword. When his voice travelled out, it seemed as though the temperature in the surroundings had dropped.

Immediately after Shangguan Tianyou moved, astonishing cheers erupted from all of the South Bank outer sect disciples in support for Shangguan Tianyou.

The lanky youngster’s complexion changed. He would have never thought that as soon as he appeared on the field, he would come across one of the South Bank’s most illustrious Heaven’s Chosen. Unsightly look adorned his face as he took a deep breath, the air nearby distorted with a wave of his hand. An enormous python with a foul stench appeared, coiled its tail and rose, its height reaching over one zhang.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards.)

This lanky youngster summoned his monstrous beast, but before he could continue, Shangguan Tianyou stepped forward without a change in his expression. His body had actually disappeared in a flash, and when he reappeared, he was already standing behind the lanky youngster. Shangguan Tianyou waved his right hand and a flying sword appeared on the lanky youngster’s neck.

“You lose.”

A chill ran through the lanky youngster’s whole body and an aghast expression appeared on his face. With great difficulty, he turned his head around and glanced at Shangguan Tianyou. In his eyes, utter disbelief hid. He thought that he was probably not the other’s match, but he would have never imagined that he would actually lose this quickly. After a long time, he conceded bitterly, unsummoned his huge python and walked off the arena.

“We have won the first round. Haha, our South Bank is definitely going to win this time!”

“Senior Brother Shangguan has the capabilities to strive for the top place!”

The South Bank immediately cheered with excitement. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened. He too hadn’t clearly seen Shangguan Tianyou’s movement, but he felt that Shangguan Tianyou’s movement just now had truly been extraordinary. |

Even two of the Grand Elders focused their attention on Shangguan Tianyou with their spiritual senses right now.

Meanwhile, everyone from the North Bank was in an uproar.

“Teleportation? Impossible! Not with his cultivation. That was definitely not teleportation!”

“That was a void technique. That person… That person is worthy of being called the South Bank’s top Heaven’s Chosen. With his Qi Condensation cultivation, he actually has a remarkable technique such as the void technique!”

At the moment, the expressions on each of the North Bank’s Heaven’s Chosen participating changed. A grave look flashed across Bei Hanlie’s and the Gongsun siblings’ eyes. Even Xu Song felt his heart sink.

Only the black robed youngster, Gui Ya, remained with his eyes closed since the very start.

“Second round!” While everyone was still in an uproar and the cheers intensified, Ouyang Jie’s voice echoed somberly from the terrace above, interrupting everyone’s discussions.

A young man from within the North Bank Heaven’s Chosen who wasn’t very tall and was somewhat fat heard this and appeared on the arena in a flash. He was all smiles, beaming as though he was harmless to both man and animals.

“North Bank, Xu Song.” He directed a silly smile at the disciple who had just walked out from the South Bank in a polite greeting.

The person who walked out from the South Bank wasn’t Lu Tianlei or someone else of his caliber, but a young man who had previously concealed his cultivation and rose to prominence in the qualification battle. This horse-faced young man had an awful look on his face as he realised that the other party was one of the five great Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank.

“South Bank, Zhou Feng!” The young man took a deep breath and circulated his cultivation through his body. After he spoke heavily, a flying sword immediately appeared with a hand seal. However, before he could even point it toward Xu Song, a mocking glow flashed across Xu Song’s eyes as he raised his right hand and pressed down.

Boom. A crack suddenly appeared above Zhou Feng’s head, and with a snapping sound, a huge beast that resembled a whale suddenly appeared like a lightning from clear sky, not even giving Zhou Feng time to react as it swallowed Zhou Feng whole.

That flying sword which had been cut off from the young man’s spiritual energy crashed on the ground.

“Fighting with me, a Sky Mountain’s disciple, yet actually not paying attention to the air above you makes one feel happy and disappointed at the same time.” Xu Song smiled and turned around, walking off the arena. He waved his right hand behind his back and the huge beast immediately opened its mouth, spitting Zhou Feng’s unconscious body in front of everyone from the South Bank.

Everyone from the South Bank had their expression turned ugly, and a lot sucked in a deep breath. Even the minds of Lu Tianlei and those similar were startled.

In contrast, the North Bank’s cheers shook the heavens.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart skipped a beat. He felt that those fellows from the North Bank were too scary, their control over ferocious beasts had truly reached a fearsome level.

Shortly after, the third round began. The one from the North Bank was similarly one of the five great Heaven’s Chosen, Gongsun Wan-Er. When she saw that Zhou Xinqi wasn’t the one to appear from the South Bank but someone else, her expression revealed slight disappointment. Having lost her interest, with a wave of her hand, a prismatic phoenix following by her side spat out a prismatic spray.

That South Bank disciple became confused after the prismatic spray hit his face. He raved on the arena as if he was fighting in a hand-to-hand combat against an invisible enemy and soon collapsed from exhaustion before fainting.

From beginning till end, all it took Shangguan Wan-Er to achieve this easy victory was but a wave of her hand. She nimbly got off the arena, making everyone from the South Bank remain silent once more. They looked towards the North Bank with pained expression on their faces as powerlessness sprouted deep inside their hearts.

“Only a Heaven’s Chosen has the ability to fight against another Heaven’s Chosen!” The outer sect disciples from the South Bank looked towards Shangguan Tianyou and the others expectantly, many directing their eyes towards Bai Xiaochun as well.

Bai Xiaochun immediately raised his head high and stuck his chest out. In reality, he had also been taken aback by Shangguan Wan-er from the bottom of his heart.

“This small lady, it seems Zhou Xinqi is not her match, ah.” Bai Xiaochun gulped with difficulty.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

Translated by XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88B - The Valiant North Bank
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 88B - The Valiant North Bank

The fourth battle unfolded very quickly. Lu Tianlei’s whole body surged with lightning as he dashed onto the arena in a flash. The North Bank youngster, who wore a black robe and had had his eyes closed from the start slowly, opened them. There was a calm expression on his face as he walked up to the arena.

Oddly, not a single person from the North Bank cheered for him at all when he appeared, on the contrary, everyone’s expression distorted, and even Bei Hanlie and the other of the five great Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank took a deep breath.

This scene surprised everyone from the South Bank. Lu Tianlei carefully inspected the black-robed young man with a serious expression.

“North Bank, Gui Ya.” When the black-robed young man stood on the arena he calmly spoke, the expression on his face did not change in the slightest and even his voice seemed devoid of emotion.

“South Bank, Lu Tianlei!” Lu Tianlei took a deep breath. He knew that the other party was the top Heaven’s Chosen in the North Bank and Lu Tianlei’s fighting spirit gradually rose.

“I will spare nothing to defeat this person. Even if my losses are huge and I am unable to continue competing, I would still be the number one!” The fighting spirit in Lu Tianlei’s eyes rose to the heavens as a low roar escaped his mouth, and the lightning surrounding his whole body rumbled. Countless lightning bolts crashed into the floor; with him at the center, a lightning field with a radius of ten zhang formed.

(ED note: one zhang is approximately 3.58 meters, or 3.64 yards)

However, at this moment, Gui Ya raised his right hand and pointed towards the sky without a change in his expression. Where his finger pointed, the clouds and mists in the sky suddenly roiled. Countless black clouds appeared out of nowhere and coagulated in a flash, causing countless people to raise their heads to look at the sky. The complexions on the faces of the North Bank disciples changed and some even had fearful expressions.

Lu Tianlei let out a low roar and he bolted out, driving the lightning in his surroundings along, straight to Gui Ya.

Gui Ya remained expressionless, and as he stood there, he actually closed his eyes.

“You are courting death!” Lu Tianlei felt he was being seriously humiliated, as a Heaven’s Chosen, his self-esteem was truly big. He snarled and the lightning field surrounding him actually increased in size once again, its force now even greater.

However, before he could get close to Gui Ya, the sky above thundered. The black clouds seemed to have been sundered as an enormous black-coloured ghost claw, like a pillar of the skies, descended from the layers of clouds and onto the earth in the blink of an eye, crashing down on Lu Tianlei’s with a massive force.

Before the enormous ghost claw even arrived, Lu Tianlei’s whole body was already shaking as blood flowed out all over his body. The lightning outside his body crackled loudly, struggling before it crumbled. Kaka. In this moment, cracks appeared on the ground beneath his feet, the ruble forming circles around his body.

Fresh blood continued to flow from his whole body as he let out a pained howl. All seven apertures of his head were bleeding as he tried to struggle before despair swept over him and Lu Tianlei’s world turned pitch-black in an instant.

“No!”

In the instant this ghost claw appeared, regardless of whether it was the North Bank or the South Bank, all of them couldn’t hold the fear that rose within. The Qi in their bodies too was suppressed from this fear and created the illusion that their very souls were going to be extracted from their bodies.

The expressions of the Sect Head and the others on the terrace also changed.

“There has been no one who could cultivate the Nightwalker Technique in thousands of years, and this boy has actually cultivated this technique to such a high degree!”

“Not good!” The expression on the Purple Cauldron Mountain’s Xu Meixiang changed. She suddenly flew out and quickly headed straight for the arena. She instantly arrived and raised her right hand, waving it towards the ghost claw. A monstrous rumble rang out, but even though the ghost claw was pushed back, it actually didn’t crumbled in mid-air.

Lu Tianlei vomited a huge amount of fresh blood and immediately fell unconscious. If Xu Meixiang had arrived a moment later, Lu Tianlei was bound to become a pulp of meat, exterminated in both body and soul.

Xu Meixiang’s mind sank and she coldly looked at Gui Ya.

“Even though you are young and born with a talent, you are actually malevolent enough to dare kill one of your fellow sect disciples right in front of us. You are really courting death!”

Gui Ya remained silent with a somewhat strange expression appearing on his face. It was as though he was unsure of what emotion he should portray on his face in this moment.

“I never would have thought that he was this weak.” Gui Ya raised his head and looked at Xu Meixiang with a chilling calmness. Once he said that, he turned around and walked off the arena.

Xu Meixiang furrowed her eyebrows and raised her head, glancing at the terrace above, as if she was slightly apprehensive of something. She snorted coldly and carried Lu Tianlei away. It was impossible for Lu Tianlei to continue participating in this battle to the point that with how serious his injuries were, she was afraid that it would even be very difficult for him to recover in a short period of time.

The North Bank remained silent, and the South Bank too remained silent.

Gui Ya’s lonesome figure silently returned to its original position where he closed his eyes.

A good while later, the North Bank was the first to recover and one by one as they started cheering.

“The South Bank is finished, even their Heaven’s Chosen are not our match. You people are bound to lose this time!”

“The South Bank has already lost three rounds and their win in the first round was just a fluke. You people are sure to continue losing from here on out.”

Facing the North Bank’s taunts, pained expression surfaced on the South Bank disciples’ faces. The North Bank… was really too strong.

The South Bank had only been victorious in that first round and had lost the three following rounds. The Heaven’s Chosen Lu Tianlei in particular was almost killed in battle. This scene had already caused the South Bank to lose all hope in their previous desire of wiping away their previous disgraces.

Shangguan Tianyou stared unwaveringly at Gui Ya. His heart shook with unprecedented shock. He suddenly realised that he had actually been shaking in fear just now.

He wasn’t the only one behaving as such, but all of the nearby South Bank Heaven’s Chosen too were mind-blown at this moment. The North Bank… even if there was just Gui Ya alone this time, it seemed as though they could still sweep away everyone from the South Bank.

“This is already not Qi Condensation… even the attack from an Ancestor was unable to exterminate that ghost hand. That was… one of the ten great secret techniques in the Spirit River Sect and one of the two techniques thought to be lost… the Nightwalker Technique?”

“The only technique that could rival the Nightwalker Technique is… the Water Nation!”

Bai Xiaochun had a grave expression on his face. This battle had shook his mind as well. Gui Ya’s strength had caused Bai Xiaochun to quake with fear.

Soon after, the fifth round began. The person that walked out of the North Bank made everyone from the South Bank feel just as bitter. The other party was one of the five great Heaven’s Chosen that instilled fear in the crowds… Gongsun Yun.

He was wearing a black robe with only his yellow eyes exposed, insects and parasites obviously squirming around within them. After a long while, a South Bank disciple grudgingly went up to the arena. Just as he went up, Gongsun Yun’s eyes revealed an ice-cold look, and before they even introduced themselves, he flourished his sleeve. Instantly, a buzzing sound spread as countless black-coloured insects immediately flew out from his sleeve, making a beeline for the South Bank competitor.

No matter how that disciple resisted, it was all useless as his body was soon covered with countless black insects from head to toe. All of his defenses were not in the slightest bit useful as the insects drilled their way through any possible gap. This shocked everyone watching, even the North Bank was unable to adapt to this scene.

“I concede!” The South Bank’s competitor immediately cried out with a trembling tone in his voice. He felt that with but a single thought of his opponent, all those insects on his body would devour him in the blink of an eye.

A mocking look appeared in Gongsun Yun’s eyes. He turned around to walk off the arena and the black insects squirmed towards the ground like a tide. They quickly rushed to Gongsun Yun and climbed up his body, disappearing within his sleeves.

As Bai Xiaochun watched this scene, his scalp felt slightly numb. He wasn’t the only one to feel that way, Zhou Xinqi and even Shangguan Tianyou too felt their hearts sink.

In this moment, all of the South Bank disciples felt the strength of the North Bank. The South Bank was not the North Bank’s opponent in this Heaven’s Chosen War at all. The South Bank disciples sighed.

“We have lost this time…”

“The North Bank… is too strong!”

At the same time, the North Bank had once again managed an overwhelming victory.

“As said before, you lot can only win the first round and will lose all the following rounds!”

“The South Bank? They are but a joke, bound to forever remain underneath us, the North Bank!”

“Thirty years ago, there was one person from the South Bank who managed to enter the top ten. Today… not a single one of you will be able to!” Voices from the North Bank spread all around. The South Bank disciples wanted to retort, but not one of them could say a word from the extreme humiliation.

“Sixth round. Those holding the beads numbered eleven and twelve, come to the arena!” Ouyang Jie’s voice suddenly rang out after Gongsun Yun took his leave.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and lifted his head, the eleventh bead in his hand.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianxiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89 - Why Don’t You Concede?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 89 - Why Don’t You Concede?

Practically in the instant that Bai Xiaochun raised his head, Bei Hanlie from the North Bank’s five great Heaven’s Chosen smiled faintly. He was naturally handsome, and after he smiled, an extraordinary splendour surfaced in the eyes of many young female disciples from the South Bank.

With a smile on his face, he patted the malevolent and ferocious Nocturnal Beast lying down on its stomach beside him and walked forward. That Nocturnal Beast shook its head and stood up, revealing an otherworldly glow in its eyes.

In the instant that this huge dog stood up, many people from the South Bank immediately cried out in surprise.

When the Nocturnal Beast stood up, its body was more than a zhang tall. Its whole body was thick and robust, apparently containing boundless strength. The huge dog’s skull was massive, and when it exposed its teeth, saliva dripped down from the corner of its mouth. Its black fur stood on end, causing this huge dog to appear even more ferocious than before.

Its four limbs were thicker than a normal person’s thighs, and its bone spurs were clearly visible. With a jump, the huge dog had already leaped onto the arena, and after which, it roared at the skies.

This roar caused sound waves to roll out in all directions, causing the many monstrous beasts beside the North Bank disciples to tremble. It was as though they had met their king and dared not raise their heads.

Bei Hanlei was smiling as he walked up the arena, and his gaze swept across everyone from the South Bank.

“North Bank, Bei Hanlei. I wonder who from our sect am I going to battle?”

Following his words, the saliva from the huge dog beside him continuously dripped down as a merciless, ice-cold glow appeared in its eyes. In this moment, it was evident, even to the naked eye, that its teeth grew slightly longer. If it was anyone else that had seen such a monstrous beast, they would have all lost their will to battle, especially when it stuck its tongue out, making its wickedness exceptionally obvious.

Everyone from the South Bank was silent as they looked at those before them, including both Bai Xiaochun and the others not sent to battle this round. Bai Xiaochun took a look at Bei Hanlie and the huge dog. He rolled his eyeballs and a strange expression appeared on his face. Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat and walked out in a proud manner.

Once he walked out, the gazes of the South Bank disciples behind Bai Xiaochun all focused on him with expectant looks in their eyes. The huge Nocturnal Beast’s eyes were faintly green in colour as its eyes locked onto Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun assumed an expertly look as he raised his chin and walked up to the arena. In the distance, Elder Zhou’s phoenix also seemed to focus its attention on Bai Xiaochun.

“South Bank, Bai Xiaochun!” Just as Bai Xiaochun got onto the arena and announced himself, the Nocturnal Beast suddenly let out a low roar and the merciless look in its eyes turned savage, as though it wanted to swallow Bai Xiaochun.

“Bai Xiaochun? I heard that you came first in the South Bank’s qualification battle this time?” Bei Hanlie took a glance at Bai Xiaochun’s getup, with undisguised ridicule in his eyes.

“You are called Bei Hanlie, yes? I will give you a chance to concede!” The huge dog’s savageness made Bai Xiaochun’s heart shake wildly, but he still maintained the expression of an expert as lofty as the clouds in the sky.

“Concede?” When Bei Hanlei heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, he was stunned for a moment before he looked up to the sky and laughed uproariously as though he had heard a hilarious joke. A savage aura gradually emerged in his eyes.

“Interesting. You are the first outer sect disciple that has dared to talk to me in such a manner in many years.” Bei Hanlie raised his right hand and formed a hand seal to command the Nocturnal Beast.

“Bei Hanlie, this is your final chance to concede. Once I, Bai Xiaochun, have made my move, even I fear what may happen. I advise you… it’s best you don’t force my hand.” Bai Xiaochun sighed lightly as if he was an exceptional expert while he looked at Bei Hanlie under the quiet sky, a trace of sympathy evident in his eyes.

Everyone from the South Bank was flabbergasted in this moment. They looked at Bai Xiaochun and then at Bei Hanlie, particularly at the huge brutish dog. No matter how they compared the two of them, it seemed Bei Hanlie was much more imposing than Bai Xiaochun.

However, Bai Xiaochun’s words involuntarily caused a faint hope to rise in the hearts of everyone from the South Bank. But once they recalled Bai Xiaochun’s misdeeds in the past, everyone in the South Bank became worried.

As for the North Bank, they were all roaring with laughter in this moment and mockery sounded out in an endless stream.

“That fellow must be stupid. Senior Brother Bei is one of the five great Heaven’s Chosen. Even though he is inferior to Gui Ya, Senior Brother Gui Ya too had recognised Senior Brother Bei Han’s strength. Who is this Bai Xiaochun to be so arrogant?”

“Not only does Senior Brother Bei Han’s naturally possess extraordinary strength, but even the Elders themselves unconsciously sing praises about that Nocturnal Beast of his. That Nocturnal Beast is categorised as a king in the beast race. It possesses physical prowess and matchless strength. Its low roar can even shake one’s mind. This Bai Xiaochun… is so small and thin, I reckon that his thigh would be snapped off with a single bite from the Nocturnal Beast!”

“Senior Brother Bei Han is certain to win!”

Bei Hanlie laughed at Bai Xiaochun as a cold glow flashed in his eyes. He had made up his mind, he was determined to lacerate Bai Xiaochun’s flesh as corporal punishment and was persistent in making a layer of his flesh drop no matter what. Bei Hanlie formed a hand seal, raring to go.

“Once I really make my move, even I fear what may happen.” Bai Xiaochun sighed and just as his voice resounded, his right hand suddenly patted his storage pouch and two medicine pills immediately appeared in his hands.

At that moment, Bei Hanlie laughed darkly and pointed with his hand seal. The Nocturnal Beast waiting impatiently by his side immediately roared and rushed straight at Bai Xiaochun.

Bei Hanlie too disappeared from his place with extreme speed, the sun imprint between his eyebrows emitting rays of light as he charged at Bai Xiaochun.

However, in the instant that a human and a beast both charged, Bai Xiaochun’s suddenly shot up and threw a medicine pill straight at the Nocturnal Beast.

A fierce glow radiated in the Nocturnal Beast’s eyes and it growled. It could evade the pill with ease, but unexpectedly, its body paused and its expression change slightly. The Nocturnal Beast actually did not even attempt to dodge and directly swallowed that medicine pill in a single gulp.

After consuming this medicine pill, the huge dog’s body violently shuddered, and in a flash, both its eyes became bloodshot. A loud tremor resounded within its body, from head to toe. Its originally thick and robust body actually swelled up once again in this moment. In the blink of an eye, the Nocturnal Beast had nearly doubled in size!

Even more bones spurred and its teeth grew even longer!

Its saliva flowed out like a river, and above all, in the area between its legs, a stick was now… standing erect!

Its whole body looked so savage at this moment that it was difficult to describe.

Its originally green eyes had turned purple-red, and there was a wicked aura surrounding it. The Nocturnal Beast’s consciousness seemed to become muddled as it scratched the ground with both its claws and lifted its head toward the sky, letting out a strange heaven-shaking and earth-startling roar. The Nocturnal Beast’s howl resounded in all directions, causing all of the outer sect disciples standing outside the arena to suck in a breath from shock.

“That… What was that medicine pill!”

“Something is odd. Why do I feel that this huge dog’s appearance looks somewhat familiar…” The South Bank disciples cried out in surprise.

On the North Bank’s end, everyone were staring with their eyes wide opened at the changes occurring in the Nocturnal Beast after it swallowed the medicine pill. They could tell that the imposingness of the huge dog had increased. Not only did its physical prowess increase, but a certain madness also appeared, causing many North Bank disciples to be pleasantly surprised.

“This medicine pill is actually so effective!”

“It can make monstrous beasts to go berserk!”

This scene shocked many people in the surroundings. Even Bei Hanlie was stunned for a moment and was slightly puzzled regarding the current situation. Even though it was obvious that the Nocturnal Beast had become stronger, he constantly felt that something was wrong even though he wasn’t certain why.

“I advise you once again. Concede.” Bai Xiaochun raised his chin and spoke lightly.

“I originally intended to only break one of your arms and let you off. But since you are trying to play tricks, I will break all four of your limbs in this battle!” Bei Hanlie’s eyes were filled with viciousness. Even though one was not allowed to take another’s life in the Heaven’s Chosen War, but breaking the bones and injuring the muscles was unavoidable. While speaking, Bei Hanlie suddenly rushed out and headed straight for Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun sighed and swung his right hand after raising it up. The Aphrodisiac Pill that he had refined flying straight at Bei Hanlie.

After he had thrown out the medicine pill, Bai Xiaochun’s speed retreated extremely quickly to the edge of the arena. He stood there and nervously paid attention to Bei Hanlie.

Bei Hanlie’s eyes shrunk back into their sockets. He was about to dodge, but this medicine pill crumbled and exploded on its own, turning into powder and enveloping the surroundings. No matter how Bei Hanlie tried to evade, most of the powder stuck onto his body.

The colour of his face changed as he rapidly backed away, thinking that it was a poisonous pill. He hurriedly examined himself, only to realise that there was nothing unusual but just a strange, sweet scent.

He frowned, feeling this was getting weirder and weirder. Just as he was planning to quickly get over with this, he suddenly heard a low growl coming from beside him. He shot a glance from the corner of his eyes and his expression quickly changed.

The Nocturnal Beast that was wailing loudly suddenly turned its head. A wicked aura surrounded it, its eyes glowing red as it unexpectedly locked its eyes on Bei Hanlie.

Fear gripped Bei Hanlie’s heart. Just when he was about to command the Nocturnal Beast, it produced an earth-shaking roar, and the Nocturnal Beast charged at Bei Hanlie, its speed extremely fast. Bei Hanlie couldn’t even dodge in time, and the Nocturnal Beast pounced on him and knocked him on the ground.

“Dammit, you have gone crazy! What are you doing!” Bei Hanlie’s face was dark. As he bellowed out, that huge dog firmly pressed against his back. This Nocturnal Beast had extraordinary strength and now that it had went crazy, Bei Hanlie was incapable of moving in the slightest. An ominous premonition drained the colour from Bei Hanlie’s face.

In this moment, all the surrounding outer sect disciples couldn’t help but slightly lean forward and stare at this scene wide-eyed and their mouths hanging open. The Ancestors and Elders on the terrace directed their eyes at them, and even the Grand Elders observing with their spiritual sense from the peak of the mountain focused their attention as well.

Shortly after, a scene that made everyone suck in a deep breath from the overwhelming shock appeared… following Bei Hanlie’s blood-curdling scream!

“No… No… You! Argh!!!” Bei Hanlie’s blood-curdling scream shook the heavens and moved the earth. A pained expression had surfaced on his face, coupled with an empty look, as if he couldn’t believe what was happening to him. His whole body shuddered, his voice extremely wretched.

“My god! What was that medicine pill? It’s not berserk, it’s… in heat!”

“This… This…”

“Senior Brother Bei is actually being done in by his own war beast…?!” All of the North Bank disciples were in an uproar, all of them unable to believe what they were seeing. Most of the disciples were breathing heavily, an unprecedented look of panic and shock filled their eyes.

Bei Hanlie was crazily struggling, his blood-curdling screams continuously echoing out. The wretched screams and the current earth-shaking scene formed a scene without precedent in the Spirit River Sect since ancient times.

Even Gui Ya was watching stunned at this moment, staring as his body shuddered and his eyes opened wide with incredulity.

All of the South Bank disciples had a roar spread in their minds in this moment, chasing away all their thoughts. Shangguan Tianyou was stupefied and felt as though the whole world had become darker. Zhou Xinqi’s face instantly flushed.

Bai Xiaochun who was standing on the arena was also similarly alarmed. This was his first test on the Aphrodisiac Pill in battle. He had never thought that the effects would actually be so astonishing… He looked at Bei Hanlie miserably clawing the floor. He too couldn’t bear watch him and let out a sigh.

“I already said that once I make my move, even I fear what may happen. I advised you so many times, yet you… remained stubborn.” Bai Xiaochun spoke, disturbed and innocent.

“Bai Xiaochun!” At this moment an angry roar echoed throughout the skies. Bei Hanlie’s master had a vicious aura as he rumbled towards them and waved his large sleeve. The huge Nocturnal Beast dog on top of Bei Hanlie’s body immediately had its body picked up and thrown far away. He picked Bei Hanlie who couldn’t bare to face anyone from shame. Bei Hanlie’s master too felt incredulous and absurd, and was unwilling to remain here any longer. He shot a furious glare at Bai Xiaochun and quickly left.

As for Bei Hanlie, the injuries on his body and the wounds in his heart overlapped with one another, causing him to close his eyes before immediately fainting. He didn’t know how he was going to face other people in the future, and that pain made him feel as though this was all a horrible nightmare.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90 - The North Bank’s Common Enemy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 90 - The North Bank’s Common Enemy

Following the departure of Beihan Lie and his master, the disciples of the South Bank and North Bank from both ends of the arena were left dumbfounded. They were stunned, at loss for words as the scene of the huge dog climbing ontop of Beihan Lie replayed itself in their minds…

They weren’t the only ones at a loss, even the Sect Head, the mountains’ Ancestors and Elders on the terrace looked silly as they blankly stared at Bai Xiaochun who had an innocent look plastered on his face as he stood on the arena down below.

Elder Zhou was also among them, his body shuddering, his eyes bulging out as he looked on with mixed feelings… As for the phoenix in mid-air, it screeched multiple times with a look that suggested it wanted to convince everyone that it hadn’t slandered Bai Xiaochun back then.

After a long while, the sound of countless people sucking in their breaths sounded from the South Bank as the outer sect disciples there focused on Bai Xiaochun in this instant. Every last one of them was tongue-tied with an odd expressions on their faces

All of the female disciples’ faces were beet red. When they looked at Bai Xiaochun, their faces were extremely odd, many of them even spat in contempt.

Similarly, the ones that sympathised the most were the male disciples. Almost all had subconsciously closed their legs in this moment as cold sweat covered their foreheads. They felt sympathy for Beihan Lie from the bottom of their hearts.

“Bai… Senior Uncle Bai… Heavens! That Beihan Lie… I reckon that he would be left with a psychological trauma for the rest of his life…”

“One by all means should not provoke Senior Uncle Bai. He… he is truly frightening!”

“Isn’t this the medicine pill that Elder Zhou’s phoenix swallowed? Such a medicine pill can make monstrous beasts go into heat… I am really unable to imagine exactly on what basis did Senior Uncle Bai find a reason to… refine that pill!”

Soon, an uproar arose from the South Bank. But regardless of what methods Bai Xiaochun had used, ultimately, the South Bank had achieved a victory. It was important to note that this was barely the second time the South Bank had won since the beginning of this Heaven’s Chosen War. While it caused the South Bank disciples to feel uncomfortable, they still cheered for Bai Xiaochun.

Shangguan Tianyou wiped his cold sweat and looked at Bai Xiaochun. No matter how much he previously looked down on Bai Xiaochun, he too had sucked in a deep breath today. When he thought of the miserable state that Beihan Lie was in previously and thought what would have happened if it were him there instead of Beihan Lie… He did not dare to continue that train of thought.

Zhou Xinqi had already been left at a loss for words before, and now she was shellshocked.

However, an even bigger uproar followed like thunder from the North Bank disciples. This uproar was completely unprecedented. The North Bank had previously won many rounds in a row and stood grand like a rainbow. Now it was the exact opposite.

“This is ridiculous! What kind of medicine pill was that? Dammit, how can such a medicine pill exist in the world!? I want to destroy that Bai Xiaochun, and I want to destroy that medicine pill!”

“Heavens, Senior Brother Bei had actually been pounced on by his monstrous beast. This… This…”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun! He had brought the greatest humiliation to us, the North Bank, in countless years up till today! That kind of medicine pill should be classified as a prohibited drug, regardless of possession, it must be completely exterminated!” All of the North Bank disciples, even those inner sect disciples that had come forward to watch from the sidelines were now crazy in this moment. Their eyes were completely red and they were frantically shouting out.

It was impossible for them not to go crazy. The male disciples from the South Bank sympathised with them even to the extent that they pitied Beihan Lie, but to the North Bank, they were the ones who really felt as though it had happened to them… Each and every single one of them had their own combat beast. As for this moment, amidst their shouts filled with insanity and anger, all of them subconsciously took a glance at the combat beast by their side. When they thought of Beihan Lie, they immediately felt that their whole being was uncomfortable...

Just like that, more and more crazed outcries rose from the mouths of more and more of the North Bank disciples, shaking the skies.

“North Bank’s common enemy is Bai Xiaochun!”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun! As long as he’s still around, the North Bank will remain humiliated!”

“Dammit, I want him killed, I want him destroyed! He has defiled our North Bank for all of eternity!” One could imagine that from then on, when anyone of the North Bank disciples looked at their own war beasts, they wouldn’t be able to help but recall Beihan Lie’s misery.

The Gongsun siblings too had sucked in a deep breath. When they looked at Bai Xiaochun now, an unprecedented fear was revealed in their eyes. But even more apparent was the raging fury. The one who had suffered was Beihan Lie, but that was also a humiliation for the entire North Bank.

Even Xu Song’s chubby figure had began trembling as a fury surfaced on his face. Despite their mutual dislike with Beihan Lie, now he still felt deep sympathy for him. And in the depths of that sympathy lurked fear.

“Beihan Lie only has one beast… I… I have five…” When his thoughts reached that point, Xu Song nearly wanted to cry. He gnashed his teeth with anger as he snarled at Bai Xiaochun with reddened eyes.

Even Gui Ya was shaking slightly in his black robe as he gazed at Bai Xiaochun, his eyes filled with seriousness.

Seeing the situation had turned out as though he had stirred a hornet’s nest and caused a large reaction, Bai Xiaochun felt innocent as he stood on the arena and looked at all those fuming North Bank disciples as he quickly defended himself.

“Don’t blame me. When I entered the arena just now, I warned Beihan Lie and suggested for him to concede. But he just wouldn’t listen. I already said it… Once I make my move, even I fear what may happen.” Bai Xiaochun felt deeply wronged, but his explanation was poor, such an explanation only added oil to the fire...

“Bai Xiaochun. You are actually called Bai Xiaochun. Damn it! You are not pure in the slightest!”

(ED note: His name (Xiaochun) is composed of the words “small” and “pure” )

“A disciple that knows no shame and is extremely despicable, you actually dare to humiliate us even further!”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun!”

The North Bank disciples were raging, all of them had red eyes and actually moved forward. These tens of thousands of people walking forward as one as though they really intended to come up on the arena and kill Bai Xiaochun.

This scene immediately alarmed Bai Xiaochun and he quickly backed away. When he neared the South Bank’s side, Bai Xiaochun sighed and lifted his chin as he flourished his sleeve, putting on the airs of a lonesome expert.

“I did nothing wrong, yet the people slander me? Oh well, nothing I can do about it.” Bai Xiaochun sighed softly and quickly jumped off the arena. Even louder bellows arrived from the countless North Bank disciples behind him. If looks could kill, Bai Xiaochun would have definitely died tens of thousands of times from those glares.

Bai Xiaochun coughed dryly as he returned back to the South Bank’s side. The the South Bank disciples had odd expressions on their faces as they realised exactly how terrifying Bai Xiaochun’s ability to enrage people was.

At this moment, to everyone in the North Bank, the enemy was no longer the South Bank, but one single person. Bai Xiaochun!

One could imagine that if the North Bank emerged victorious today, due to what had happened to Beihan Lie, although the the North Bank would have won, they would have also lost...

The Sect Head on the terrace above had an awkward expression on his face. He lowered his head and glared fiercely at Bai Xiaochun down below as waves of helplessness washed over him from within his heart. He felt that whenever Bai Xiaochun appeared, regardless of how serious one matter was, the atmosphere would still change by the end… As for the five Ancestors from the mountains still present, the trio from the North Bank couldn’t determine what sort of expression to make. Throughout their lives, they had never seen anything like this happening…

The colour of Li Qinghou’s face was alternating between green and red as he stared with empty eyes. The previous scene was really too shocking, the four Grand Elders on the peak of the Zhong Dao Mountain, with their spiritual senses, flickered as their emotions did.

Seeing the North Bank’s fury was about to get out of control, Ou Yangjie’s voice suddenly echoed from the sky. Following his voice, a huge pressure exploded on the arena, causing the North Bank disciples close to the arena to be pushed away.

“Seventh round, begin!” Ouyang Jie too felt helpless. After his words sounded out, a competitor immediately rushed out off the North Bank disciples. He was a burly fellow with bloodshot eyes who roared out as soon as he got up on the arena.

“Bai Xiaochun, I challenge you to a battle!”

“Only after entering the top ten will you have the qualifications to challenge me.” Bai Xiaochun raised his chin and assumed an expert’s look as he lightly spoke. The burly man from the North Bank let out a growl, his eyes bloodshot. At this moment, from beside Shangguan Tianyou, a disciple from the top ten of the South Bank summoned his courage and walked to the arena.

The uproar continued throughout the battle, the North Bank had gone crazy… The burly man from the North Bank in particular was the first to rise against Bai Xiaochun. The wrath he held for Bai Xiaochun was vented on the South Bank disciple, causing that South Bank disciple to be pushed back little by little. In the end, the South Bank disciple had no choice but to concede.

The following eighth and ninth round… the North Bank disciples battled like they were injected with chicken blood. Each and every one of them had a monstrously vicious aura surrounding them, and as soon as they got onto the arena, they would sweep down like a typhoon. They felt suffocation, striving to finish the battle and entering the top ten as fast as possible in order to have a battle with Bai Xiaochun and wash away the humiliation that he had given them!

“I must win, and then in the battle of the top ten, I will get rid of Bai Xiaochun and give him a taste of the misery from being pounced on by a war beast!”

“Blast it, I’d violate the sect rules and cripple him!”

“Even if he’s killed, the masters wouldn’t punish the one who did it too severely because they’d be the North Bank’s hero!” These North Bank competitors used all of their means and all of a sudden, their desire to fight rose to the heavens.

As for the tenth round, because the North Bank had two more competitors, that battle was between the the North Bank competitors themselves. Even though it too was intense, it was obviously toned down significantly.

Soon, the last round from this stage began. Zhou Xinqi took in a deep breath as a purple light lit up beneath her feet and she floated up into the air and landed on the arena, as did the North Bank’s competitor. And so, the final round began.

That battle was not particularly thrilling. After all, Zhou Xinqi was one of the Heaven’s Chosen. Even though the North Bank’s competitor had a few tricks up his sleeves, compared to Zhou Xinqi, he was still lacking in many areas. The two made their moves, but within ten breaths, the North Bank disciple suddenly spurted out fresh blood and grudgingly conceded.

Zhou Xinqi was victorious and calmly returned. Intense ovations exploded out from the South Bank. As Bai Xiaochun listened to those cheers, a slight ache rose in his heart as he secretly wondered why he didn’t receive nearly as many cheers from the South Bank as Zhou Xinqi did even though he had also won.

As such, the first stage of the Outer Sect’s Heaven’s Chosen War between the South and the North Bank had concluded with only eleven people left. And among them, eight were from the North Bank and only three were from the South Bank!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Arch, Crimsonguard

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91 - The Crazed North Bank
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 91 - The Crazed North Bank

With the end of the first stage, three incense sticks worth of resting time was given. Currently, all of the North Bank disciples were seething with anger; They were all glaring intently at the South Bank, staring right at…Bai Xiaochun!

Every single one of them were awaiting the beginning of the second stage where they would use every means possible to take down Bai Xiaochun. They didn’t even bother whether the North Bank won this time, all that mattered was whether they could wash away that humiliation with blood!

“Bai Xiaochun, for this second stage, we will definitely make you understand that for all the shame you have brought to our North Bank, you will pay a heavy price!”

“This kind of person deserves to be pounced upon by a herd of war beasts. To quench our hatred, in this second stage, we must cripple him for life!”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun, down with that despicable and shameless brat!”

Shouts resounded from the crowd of North Bank, their desire to take down Bai Xiaochun had, at this very moment, coalesced upon their eight representatives. Of those eight people who had obtained victory, other than Gui Ya who was sitting calmly with his eyes closed, the other seven people were all clenching their fists so hard that their knuckles had turned white.

They knew they were representing the will of all the North Bank disciples, and when they looked at Bai Xiaochun, their eyes filled with an intense light. Each of them was analysing deep in their hearts, contemplating the information from Bai Xiaochun’s previous fight. Gradually, their hearts filled with confidence as they thought of a way to counter him.

“All that this Bai Xiaochun have are medicine pills, as long as he does not get a chance to take out his medicine pills, everything else will be simple!”

“To rely on gaining victory with just medicine pills, when without them, destroying him would be as simple as lifting a finger. In this second stage, he will most definitely lose, and it will be a miserable defeat!”

“This is too much!” Bai Xiaochun’s heart was filled with indignation. He felt that the North Bank was too much of a bully; all he had done was win a single match, yet they were being so vicious… He wanted to say something, but was worried that the moment he did, the other side would explode.

Just as the North Bank were in high spirits, the South Bank also voiced out their indignation. The atmosphere gradually got more and more intense when Ou Yangjie’s voice suddenly echoed.

“Three incense sticks worth of time has passed, we shall now move onto the second stage of the Heaven’s Chosen War and decide the top six!”

“Out of those eleven people, one will advance straight into the top six. The remaining ten will draw lots and face each other as per their lot number!” Ou Yangjie’s words resounded throughout the arena and a beam of light suddenly appeared on the arena. The beam of light transformed into a round ball that was half a zhang big. As it floated in mid-air, the beads in the hands of the remaining participants were sucked in. Instantly, the beads left their hands and shot straight towards the ball of light and merged into it.

It could be clearly seen that when these beads merged into the ball of light, the numbers on top of them changed to the numbers between one and ten, and one of them remained blank.

The eleven beads spun around inside the ball of light, going faster and faster until no one could see them clearly anymore and the ball of light itself became a blur.

“By using the Mystic Technique secret art to hide them from everyone, the heavens could ensure impartial fairness; even this old man here is unable to interfere with the beads inside the ball of light, so you can rest assured. Now, please retrieve the beads and receive your lot.” As Ou Yangjie explained, North Bank’s Xu Song viciously stared at Bai Xiaochun and opened his mouth with a cold laugh.

“Bai Xiaochun, you better pray that you do not meet me this round, if not, you are doomed!” Once he finished, he lifted his hand and retrieved a bead with his hand.

“No matter whom you meet in this second round, you are bound to lose miserably!” One of the Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank gritted his teeth as the rest raised their right hands and grabbed towards the distant ball. Bai Xiaochun too was among these people. Filled with indignation, he raised his hand to grab a bead.

Instantly, ten beads hurriedly flew out and landed in each of the ten people’s hands.

“I am number 3!”

“Mine’s number 7!”

“I am number 1!” Each and every North Bank disciple immediately announced their lot as soon as they received their beads. Their momentum quickly rose with every sentence and lot announced. After they announced their lots, they would always look toward Bai Xiaochun with a vicious gaze. Gui Ya lowered his head, looked at the bead inside his hand and blandly opened his mouth.

“Number 9!” Very soon, the North Bank disciples outside the arena were shocked to realise that of the eight Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank, none had drawn the blank lot. Of the ten numbers, they were now only missing number 4 and number 10. All of them immediately grew anxious as they looked toward the South Bank.

“I am number 4!” Shangguan Tianyou lightly opened his mouth.

“Number 10!” Zhou Xinqi had an unsightly look on her face. As she announced her number, she threw a glance at North Bank’s Gui Ya.

Other than Bai Xiaochun, after everyone had announced their numbers, the expressions of the South Bank immediately turned weird. Especially the outer sect disciples from Scented Cloud Mountain who previously witnessed Bai Xiaochun in that small competition; all of them stared wide-eyed.

“This can’t be real……” Some were in disbelief.

But the ones who found it even harder to believe were those from the North Bank clenching their fists and preparing to teach Bai Xiaochun a lesson. One by one, their expressions grew stunned with disbelief. Almost immediately, countless of gazes gathered on Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun couldn’t hide the joy on his face, he had previously already seen that the little ball in his hand had no number on it. Initially, he even thought that he had seen wrong, but after a closer inspection, he was certain of it. At this moment, as the gazes of the surrounding people gathered on him, and as everyone’s attention focused on him, Bai Xiaochun felt detached from the world… and immediately flourished his sleeve, putting on the expression of a lonesome expert as he lifted his head to gaze towards the clouds in the sky. He opened his mouth indifferently and said with a melancholic tone.

“I’m sorry, I picked the blank lot. If you want to fight me, you’ll have to continue working hard.”

After his words spread out, a moment of silence filled the surroundings. After a couple breaths passed, countless outraged cries suddenly exploded from the North Bank.

“Impossible, damn it, he actually drew the blank lot! Why him, that shameless Bai Xiaochun, why him!”

“Just what kind of luck is that, out of eleven people, he actually drew the blank lot! That sort of person, to have that sort of luck, it doesn’t make sense at all!”

“I can’t take it anymore, he is showing off too much, I want to kill him!!”

The North Bank’s outer sect disciples were originally planning to use this chance to wash away their humiliation with blood. But when they found out that Bai Xiaochun had drawn a blank lot, they almost spit out a mouthful of blood. That scene immediately caused a sea of raging cries to erupt. As for the North Bank Heaven’s Chosen preparing for the battle, they all felt as though their punches had landed onto a ball of cotton. Such a feeling caused Xu Song and the others to feel frustrated and exasperated down to the depths of their hearts. When they looked towards Bai Xiaochun, they couldn’t help but wish their gazes could just rip his body to shreds.

Even the people from the South Bank had weird expressions, speechless. They had long since noticed that the hearts of the North Bank were brimming with boundless desire to fight Bai Xiaochun. But with the situation right now, one needn’t think much to realise that the exasperation the North Bank felt had reached the heavens by now.

“This is nothing, when Senior Uncle Bai participated in the small competition… he drew the blank twice!” Some of Scented Cloud Mountain’s outer sect disciples couldn’t help but open their mouths. Though they said that softly, when the people beside them heard it, their eyes widened with disbelief.

“He has drawn two blanks before? Senior Uncle Bai’s luck…..is just undescribable!”

Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat as he continued his pose as an unfathomable expert. He swept his gaze over the North Bank and lightly shook his head with an apologetic expression, this expression simply pushed the entire North Bank to the brink of insanity.

But no matter how hysterical they were, they had no choice but to watch in anger as the second stage of the Heaven’s Chosen War began.

However, it was as though without Bai Xiaochun, the entire Heaven’s Chosen War had become pointless; especially since among the ten competitors, only two were from the South Bank. That meant that three of the matches would simply be a fight among the North Bank itself.

The first match of the second stage was just as such. When North Bank’s Gongsun Wan-er and another of the North Bank’s competitors walked up to the arena, without putting much effort, the North Bank’s competitor was quickly defeated. Seeing this, the South Bank disciples had complicated expressions on their faces.

Fortunately, in the second match, it was Shangguan Tianyou’s turn. But he was fortunate to have his opponent not be one of the remaining four great Heaven’s Chosen from the North Bank, instead it was just another one of their representatives. This match didn’t take much of a toll on Shangguan Tianyou as he easily obtained another victory. This caused the South Bank disciples to heave a sigh of relief. At the very least… they had won a match.

But after that, the third match and the fourth match were all the North Bank representatives fighting among themselves. Even though it was intense, those Heaven’s Chosen battles had no connection to the South Bank, making the South Bank disciples lapse into bitter silence.

It wasn’t until the very last match, when Zhou Xinqi walked out with a solemn expression, that the cheers once again erupted from the South Bank. But even so, no one in the South Bank had much hope for this match.

That was simply because Zhou Xinqi’s opponent was… the most fearsome one from the North Bank, Gui Ya. The person who almost killed Lu Tianlei with a single finger.

“Between yourself and the guy who used lightning before, who’s stronger?” Up on the arena, Gui Ya gazed towards Zhou Xinqi and asked seriously.

“Senior Brother Lu is slightly stronger.” Zhou Xinqi didn’t feel as though the other party was trying to insult her, thus replied seriously.

“If that is the case… I previously used 70% of my strength, I shall use 40% this time around, so it shouldn’t kill you.” Gui Ya muttered. When his words reached the surrounding disciples, bitter expressions appeared on all of their faces. They believed Gui Ya was speaking the truth, but even though that was the truth, such honesty only made them despair.

Zhou xinqi sucked in a deep breath as she gesticulated with both her hands immediately. Instantly, countless of blue lights danced around her body, transforming into a myriad of blue damasks that coalesced into a blue-coloured flower. Once this flower had appeared, waves after waves of strong suction immediately appeared!

“Hundred Transformations Plant Technique!” Everyone from the South Bank immediately recognised the skill with shock. Although this Hundred Transformations Plant Technique couldn’t be compared to the Nightwalker Technique or the Water Nation Technique, it was similarly one of the ten great secret techniques.

The technique focused on using secret arts to use illusory plants against the enemies, it had various forms, making it strange and unpredictable. If it was in the hands of Li Qinghou, he could even conjure an illusory world of plants with a hundred li radius. And ultimately, it could even be upgraded to a genuine secret art… Plant Soldiers!

Zhou Xinqi’s face turned pale, executing this technique placed a considerable burden on her body. She knew that she wasn’t Gui Ya’s match, but in her world, there was no such thing as admitting defeat.

With a wave of her hand, the entire blue flower immediately trembled and stretched out endlessly, heading straight at Gui Ya with its petals open, as though it was preparing to devour him.

An imposing aura immediately burst forth, and the gaze in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned serious. He was very interested in Zhou Xinqi’s technique. But right at this moment, Gui Ya lifted up his head, his expression still as calm as ever, and raised his right hand just like before, and pointed out a single finger.

He wasn’t pointing towards the sky this time, but rather, he pointed at Zhou Xinqi herself. Following that, from beside him, a loud explosion echoed through the air as an enormous black-coloured ghost claw appeared and punched in Zhou Xinqi’s direction.

The claw was enormous and occupied almost half of the arena, blocking a good half of everyone’s view. The fist collided with the blue flower, causing the flower to shudder and instantly crumble to pieces. Yet the ghost claw showed no signs of stopping, like a hot knife cutting through butter, as it neared Zhou Xinqi and descended without hesitation.

A loud explosion resounded through the skies as Zhou Xinqi spat out a mouthful of blood. Her entire body was mercilessly knocked off the arena, and even when she landed back on the ground below, she still continued taking steps back, spitting out seven-eight more mouthfuls of blood before she finally managed to stabilise herself. With her face deathly pale, she lifted her head, gazing stubbornly at Gui Ya who had already turned his body around and was walking back toward the North Bank’s side.

Silence filled the surroundings, nothing but the sound of people taking in a deep breath remained…

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter of the week. The sponsored chapter will also be posted in 5-6 hours.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 - Gongsun Wan’er’s Despair
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 92 - Gongsun Wan’er’s Despair

“Too… Too strong!”

“This Gui Ya, I fear he may be able to crush even inner sect disciples… He truly is the strongest under Foundation Establishment!”

“This kind of combat abilities in the Qi Condensation surely must be because he had come into contact with the Realm of Mind Materialization. It must be like that. To hold such a frightening power only means that he have an enigmatic mind!” Regardless of whether it was the South Bank or the North Bank, after that brief moment of silence, they all started discussing in a low voice.

It seemed no one dared to speak loudly at the moment. The other North Bank Heaven’s Chosen had mixed feelings, none wanted such a strong rival in the same generation. As for the South Bank, although Shangguan Tianyou was silent, his heart was certainly not calm. Gui Ya seemed to have defeated a Heaven’s Chosen the way a Heaven’s Chosen would defeat an ordinary disciple.

It was evident that Gui Ya and the other Heaven’s Chosen were on two different levels.

Bai Xiaochun too felt alarm as he watched. Gui Ya had only made two moves, yet both these times he had shocked the entire audience.

At this moment, the top six had been decided. Four from the North and two from the South Bank. Shangguan Tianyou, Bai Xiaochun, Gui Ya, Xu Song and the Gongsun siblings.

The disciples knew that in the following Heaven’s Chosen War, the third and final stage, the six fighters would duel each other, deciding their rank from first to sixth based on the amount of their victories.

If one were to win all five battles, they would naturally place first!

In the past thousand years, the one to sweep all others and take the title had always appeared from the North Bank. And all of the North Bank outer sect disciples knew that this time… Gui Ya would be that person. Even compared to the previous winners, he was obviously on a whole different level.

The South Bank was silent. If it hadn’t been for that Gui Ya, they felt that Shangguan Tianyou would have some hope of winning. But now that he had appeared, it would be difficult for Shangguan Tianyou to compete for the top.

“Second place is good too…” The South Bank disciples sighed. Many eyes fell on Bai Xiaochun, whom they couldn’t get an accurate feel of no matter how hard they tried. Ever since he had arrived back at the sect’s door, he had never seemed to have fought with anyone.

The single impression they had was that he had survived the Fallen Chen Clan’s hunt, else he would’ve been dead…

Silence fell as most lost hope, resigned that the South Bank would lose once again. Lose in numbers of disciples entering the top ten, and lose the first place.

Compared to the South Bank, the North Bank outer sect disciples were bursting with excitement, their eyes filled with anticipation. Viciousness appeared as most stared at Bai Xiaochun.

“The rules of the top six won’t change. This time, Bai Xiaochun is bound to suffer!”

“Right, according to the rules, he is required to fight everyone, meaning… our South Bank’s shining stars can all destroy him over and over again and vent the North Bank’s anger from earlier’s humiliation!”

It wasn’t only the ordinary disciples thinking that, Xu Song and the Gongsun siblings looked at Bai Xiaochun with a sneer hanging on their faces, confident in their victory.

Bai Xiaochun lowered his head as he lamented.

“Cultivation is for reaching longevity, why all the bloody fights…” He felt helplessness as he looked at the angry North Bank disciples glaring at him and shook his head. Ou Yangjie’s voice suddenly rang out.

“The third stage of the Heaven’s Chosen War will begin with the standard rule of deciding the rank based on the amount of victories! First battle, Shangguan Tianyou and Xu Song, come take your places! Gui Ya and Gongsun Yun are next, and in the last are Gongsun Wan-Er and Bai Xiaochun!”

As his voice echoed, a beam of light shot down from the terrace straight at the arena, instantly splitting it into three sections, each divided by a wall.

Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes burned brightly as he lunged forward, quickly appearing in the first section of the arena, and the North Bank’s Xu Song soon followed. Their eyes locked, and each was met by a solemn gaze.

Without any superfluous words, they stared at one another. With a flourish, beastial roars echoed from beside Xu Song as three beasts appeared. Their features were distinct, but they all had the same ferociousness. They charged Shangguan Tianyou with haste just as a massive whale’s maw appeared in the air above Shangguan Tianyou’s head, looming in to swallow him.

In the same moment, the floor below him cracked as tentacles sprung forth.

Nearby, Gui Ya slowly walked out as well. On the other side, Gongsun Yun remained silent, the insects writhing inside his eyes. He knew how powerful his opponent was, but he wasn’t just going to give up. His eyes shined brightly.

“Regardless of how strong you are, I’m still going to fight!” Taking a deep breath, his robes wriggled as he joined Gui Ya on the second section.

Gongsun Wan-Er snorted coldly as she walked out while glaring at Bai Xiaochun.

Something like that scared him the least, so Bai Xiaochun firmly stared back. And so the two walked up on the third section, their eyes remaining locked.

As soon as Bai Xiaochun appeared on the stage, all the North Bank disciples turned their attention away from the other two sections as angry roars spread from the audience, all of them stared at Bai Xiaochun furiously.

“Senior Sister Gongsun, kill that damned Bai Xiaochun!”

“Kill him!” Chants resounded as coldness flickered in Gongsun Wan-Er’s eyes. She didn’t summon her prismatic phoenix, instead, she formed a hand seal with her right hand and pointed between her eyebrows. Immediately, a prismatic glow spread from within her body as the temperature dropped and frost covered the ground.

“Concede. Once I make my move, even I fear what may happen.” Bai Xiaochun blinked as he kindly spoke.

When the words left his mouth, Gongsun Wan-Er couldn’t help but remember the scene with Bei Hanlei. Her face flushed as her fury rose.

“Silence, you lecher! I will make you pay!” As she spoke, she waved her right arm, summoning a blade of ice which shot straight at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun made an innocent face. Despite his kind warning, he had ended up as a lecher? Sighing, he patted his storage pouch with his right hand. Countless talismans appeared and he skillfully slapped them onto his body.

With a rumbling sound, protective glow appeared, ten zhang thick and vibrant. Astonishingly, that wasn’t all. Bai Xiaochun equipped his Divine Crane Shield and yet another light flashed from within it, surrounding Bai Xiaochun, adding one more light screen.

On his wrist, the bracelet given to him by Li Qinghou was activated as well, enveloping his whole body and making Bai Xiaochun seem as though he had already become black in colour.

In addition, the Turtle-shell Pot was on Bai Xiaochun’s back… leaving the whole audience dumbstruck.

Not only that, Bai Xiaochun’s actions were also skilled and unbelievably fast, allowing everyone to tell with a single glance that those actions were frequently done.

The North Bank disciples stared blankly as the ice blade slimmed down after encountering Bai Xiaochun’s light screen before finally falling apart.

And within the light screen, Bai Xiaochun was unscathed.

But that wasn’t all, what enraged the North Bank disciples the most was that within that light screen, Bai Xiaochun stood with his hands clasped behind his back and his chin raised, eyes staring at the clouds in the sky as he he assumed an expert’s look.

“Too weak. I would never fight someone who can’t even penetrate my protective layers.” Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeve and clasped his hands behind his back again as he spoke lightly.

Gongsun Wan-Er’s eyes had almost popped out as she stared at Bai Xiaochun. She had fought many battles before, and it wasn’t like she had never met someone specialising in defense. But it was the first time she had witnessed a defense like Bai Xiaochun’s.

She was looking at over tens of protective layers. That Divine Crane Shield, that black bracelet on his body, and that huge pot on his back! And she could also discern that Bai Xiacohun was wearing multiple layers of leather armour!

She felt giddy as she stared as if in a trance.

“Shameless! To have so many protective talismans? And all those defensive magical treasures, dammit, this is a battle between Heaven’s Chosen! Not a battle of who has the most resources!”

“Senior Sister Gongsun please, please kill him. I feel like I’m going to explode, this Bai Xiaochun’s face, I want to punch it so bad!”

As the North Bank was in an uproar, the South Bank also stared blankly. Some of the Scented Cloud Mountain’s disciples in particular filled with emotion. Especially a certain young man who teared upon seeing the scene. He understood the North Bank’s anguish in great detail, and that was because he was the one who had been tormented by Bai Xiaochun’s protective light during the smallcompetition that year.

Even the the Sect Head and the others on the terrace were rendered speechless, glancing at one another and laughing wryly.

In the third arena section, Gongsun Wan-Er gritted her teeth. She did more hand seals as countless ice blades appeared, forming a huge cyclone flying at Bai Xiaochun with a monstrous roar. The ice blades were razor-sharp, cutting apart quite a lot of the protective layers before the Divine Crane Shield released a light, melting them all away instantly.

“Still too weak.” Bai Xiaochun spoke proudly, overjoyed with his overwhelming strength.

The scene only angered the North Bank disciples even further. If it wasn’t for the fear of breaking the sect’s rules holding them back, they would have lunged out and slaughtered Bai Xiaochun.

Gongsun Wan-Er’s eyes burned with fury. Gritting her teeth once again, she began summoning even more ice blades, without any intention of pausing. An endless storm of ice blades shot at Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun’s heart skipped a beat as the light screen collapsed under the fearsome onslaught. His Divine Crane Shield sprung immediately, protecting him and allowing him to relax. He sighed in relief and raised his chin. He was just about to open his mouth to speak.

Suddenly, Gongsun Wan-Er screamed with her hair disheveled, a loud explosion sounded from her body and blood spilled from her mouth. Shockingly, between her brows emerged a flower of blood and ice. All around her, the energy of heaven and earth violently surged toward her in an imposing and unprecedented manner.

At the same time, an earth-shaking cheer exploded out from the North Bank as the disciples screamed excitedly.

“It’s Senior Sister Gongsun’s Iceblood Flower!”

“This Iceblood Flower is Senior Sister Gongsun’s trump card, even those at the ninth level of Qi Condensation can’t stop it! This Bai Xiaochun’s defences shall fall!”

The Iceblood Flower flew out, exuding a shockingly chilling aura. The surrounding temperature plummeted as it shot towards Bai Xiaochun’s position. The Iceblood Flower was unstoppable as it obliterated all the protective layers before it. But just when the Divine Crane Shield was about to block it, it unexpectedly split in two. One half hit the shield while the other surrounded it, appearing suddenly in front of Bai Xiaochun and slamming against his chest ruthlessly.

Bang. The sound of the impact rang clear as Bai Xiaochun looked down surprisedly. As though he had been hit by a snowball, he dusted his clothes and raised his head to look at Gongsun Wan-Er with disheveled hair, staring at him dumbstruck.

“Take your time, I’ll take a look at how the other duels are going.” Saying this, Bai Xiaochun turned around and headed towards the first and second sections, enjoying the view and even cheering here and there, truly asking for a beating...

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This week’s sponsored chapter. Special thanks to Loc P. who sponsored this chapter.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 - This Pill Works On Humans As Well
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 93 - This Pill Works On Humans As Well

At the second section, Gui Ya extended two fingers. Against another opponent, one finger would have sufficed, but Gongsun Yun was no ordinary disciple - he was able to withstand his first finger.

Gongsun Yun was backing away hastily, his face pale. He conceded bitterly. Withstanding the first finger attack was already his limit and he didn’t want to sustain too big of an injury. If one can’t take first place, they would naturally aim for the second.

After he cupped his fist towards Gui Ya, Gongsun Yun stepped down from the arena. He threw a glance at the section Gongsun Wan-er was fighting in and frowned.

Gui Ya maintained a calm expression as he too stepped off the arena. But he too glanced at Bai Xiaochun. Upon noticing the defenses Bai Xiaochun had, his expression flickered.

On the South Side, the South Bank disciples all had their heads lowered... They felt embarrassed, genuinely pitying the North Bank spectators.

The North Bank disciples were being driven mad...

Gongsun Wan-er was going crazy herself. She screamed as she lunged at Bai Xiaochun with everything she had. Countless magical abilities exploded, yet Bai Xiaochun’s defenses still stood tall.

Especially his last defence, the black bracelet that could turn to liquid and envelop his entire body; it was designed to be a life-saving protection against a Foundation Establishment expert. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Gongsun Wan-er vomited blood. She looked like she was about to collapse as she stared at Bai Xiaochun with awe, despair filling her eyes.

Just when she was about to risk summoning her phoenix, Bai Xiaochun glanced at her as a pill appeared in his hands, and he began tossing it from one hand to another.

Furious, Gongsun Wan-er clenched her fists tightly.

“I concede!” She spoke sullenly, her eyes reflecting unwillingness.

“Thank you for letting me win, wise of you to not force my hand!” Bai Xiaochun was overjoyed, but maintained an expertly look, cupping his fist and speaking softly.

These words caused tears to well up in the South Bank disciples’ eyes, whereas Gongsun Wan-er walked away, her whole body trembling with anger and her teeth tightly clenched.

At this moment, the Shangguan Tianyou’s battle with Xu Song was similarly coming to an end. Shangguan Tianyou’s sword swooped down and a blinding light erupted. The five beasts in front of Xu Song disappeared as the light dimmed down. Xu Song was backing away, a trace of admiration appeared in his eyes as he looked at Shangguan Tianyou.

“A sword spirit inside the body, truly extraordinary!” Blood dripped out of the edge of his mouth as he spoke before he turned around and left the arena.

Silent, the Shangguan Tianyou turned his eyes to Gui Ya. He knew that his true opponent here was Gui Ya alone.

“Just like me, he must be bored fighting others.” Shangguan Tianyou recalled his flying sword, and swept his gaze over Bai Xiaochun. His defences only caused contempt to surface in Shangguan TIanyou’s eyes as he walked off the arena, greeted by the South Bank’s frenzied cheers.

Amidst those cheers, Bai Xiaochun proudly returned to his position as well.

Of the first round in the third stage, among the six competitors, the winners were Gui Ya, Shangguan Tianyou, and Bai Xiaochun. The defeated were of Xu Song and the Gong Sun siblings.

The North Bank disciples didn’t pay much attention to the victories of Shangguan Tianyou and Gui Ya. They remained preoccupied with Bai Xiaochun’s shamelessness which drove them mad.

Bai Xiaochun had already done it… to this Heaven’s Chosen War’s rhythm, his influence was already unimaginable…

Eyes red, the North Bank disciples clenched their fists tightly as they relentlessly glared at Bai Xiaochun. Under the gazes of these tens of thousands spectators, Bai Xiaochun rubbed his nose guiltily as he pretended not to notice them.

Gongsun Wan-er was still trembling in rage before, under her brother’s whispered persuasions, she clenched her teeth and sat down to meditate in order to recover her strength as the others did.

After the time it took for three incense sticks to burn, the second round of the third stage began!

In the first section of the stage, Gongsun Wan-er was pitted against Gui Ya. She looked bitter at the expressionless Gui Ya in front of her and chose to concede. She couldn’t afford any more injuries, or her chances would be jeopardised.

As such, with Gongsun Wan-er admitting defeat, Gui Ya won by default.

Meanwhile, the second section shook with explosions. The matchup was between Shangguan Tianyou and Gongsun Yun, the one who had resisted Gui Ya’s first finger. Tossing his sleeve to the side, countless insects swarmed out, blotting the skies and covering the earth as they charged straight at Shangguan Tianyou.

Shangguan Tianyou gazed somewhat seriously as he raised his right hand. A flying sword shot out, whistling as it slashed horizontally.

This battle ought to have been the main attraction to the spectators, but... whether it was in the South Bank or the North Bank, most disciples seemed to be focused on the third section.

There, Bai Xiaochun stood proudly on the arena, facing against his opponent, Xu Song!

Eyes on Bai Xiaochun, Xu Song’s lips curled into a cold smile.

“Whether an expert in pills or an expert in defense, now that you face me, you’re doomed to suffer miserably.” As he finished, he raised his right hand and cracking sounded from all around them, and unexpectedly, as much as three monstrous beasts appeared out of thin air, all of them at least ten zhang tall. One was an ape, another was a tiger, and the final one… was actually a bat with huge wings sprouting from its back.

The appearance of these three beasts was quite a sight; their bloodthirst they emitted reached the heavens, and they even emanated imposing auras equivalent to the ninth level Qi Condensation.

“Bai Xiaochun, let’s see if those defenses of yours can withstand my three monstrous beasts’ relentless attacks!” Xu Song said with a malicious grin, preparing to attack.

“You should concede, ok?” Sighing, Bai Xiaochun raised his right hand and took out an Aphrodisiac Pill, gazing at his opponent with pity.

“That again?!”

“Destroy that Bai Xiaochun!” The North Bank disciples exploded as soon as Bai Xiaochun spoke.

Looking at the pill in Bai Xiaochun’s hand, Xu Song threw his head back and laughed. His face clearly exposed his contempt and the pride he had for himself.

“I knew you’d pull that shameless pill out again, but do you think that I have come unprepared? These three monstrous beast of mine were prepared just for you, Bai Xiaochun… They’re all females!” Pleased with himself, Xu Song was confident that he would be able to take revenge for the North Bank.

Hearing his words, the North Bank disciples grew excited as they cheered wildly for Xu Song.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart thumped loudly as his eyes spun lightning-fast. He maintained his expression as he spoke lightly with pity in his eyes.

“This pill of mine… It works on beasts, and it works on humans just the same.” Bai Xiaochun spoke threateningly and swept his gaze between him and the three beasts beside him.

His sentence silenced the audience, their faces turning blank as their minds involuntarily pictured a scene that was so poignant, that they all sucked in a deep breath.

Xu Song widened his eyes, an explosion went off in his mind as though he was struck by lightning. His face instantly paled as he recalled Beihan Lie and Gongsun Wan-er, and believed that Bai Xiaochun spoke the truth. If he were to swallow that Aphrodisiac Pill… He gulped as he subconsciously glanced at the three beasts beside him and trembled. The three beasts were quite intelligent and seemed to realise that Xu Song was unexpectedly shaking in fear.

Without hesitation, he instantly recalled the beasts. It wasn’t something he dared to gamble with. Even if he was 90% sure Bai Xiaochun was bluffing, he simply didn’t dare to risk it.

Just as he recalled the beast and was distracted, Bai Xiaochun took a step forward. His body was shrouded with a light screen as he approached his opponent quickly and swung his right hand.

A great force followed that swing. Xu Song’s forte lay in controlling beasts, and without the beasts, his strength was halved. As he was now, there was nothing he could do to resist Bai Xiaochun’s strike. Upon impact, his body rolled away as blood flew out, leaving him to stagger backwards after landing. With fury and unwillingness raging within, he clenched his fist and yelled out his surrender.

Blinking, Bai Xiaochun cleared his throat and cupped his fist. As he swaggered away, countless maddened roars arrived behind his back.

“Bai Xiaochun, you, you, you… ”

“That damned pill, it should be destroyed!”

“Heavens, someone please kill that shameless Bai Xiaochun, I’ll even pay ten Spirit Stones!”

“I offer fifteen Spirit Stones, kill that Bai Xiaochun!” The North Bank was going crazy as countless people yelled out. The bounty soon accumulated a huge reward, numbering over ten thousand. The South Bank disciples watched stupefied as a newfound respect arose inside them for Bai Xiaochun.

Such undisguised bounty appearing caused Bai Xiaochun’s complexion to quickly change as he hastily jumped off the arena. A chill ran down his spine as he realised the bounty had surpassed twenty thousand Spirit Stones.

“You guys aren’t being reasonable, I always give the chance for my opponents to concede before fighting!” Panicking, Bai Xiaochun desperately tried to explain himself.

The explanation only enraged the North Bank even further, and the bounty quickly shot to thirty thousand. The phoenix in the sky looked with schadenfreude as it constantly screeched to Bai Xiaochun’s hatred.

Even the eyes of the many Elders on the terrace flickered with interest.

“I’m an Honourable Disciple! I’m the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, those who continue with that bounty thing will be kicked out by my master!” Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun’s scalp felt numb as he screamed out a threat.

That… only added fuel to the fire. Someone from the North Bank couldn’t control themselves any longer as a flying sword flew over the arena. More followed as most of the North Bank’s magic weapons shot out. War beasts’ roars echoed, ready to jump into the fray.

Terrified, Bai Xiaochun backed away quickly. Fortunately, the Elders on the terrace stepped in and a light shot down, blocking the North Bank disciples.

The battle between the Shangguan Tianyou and Gongsun Yun had just ended as well. Shangguan Tianyou had used three flying swords to corner Gongsun Yun until he eventually conceded.

Shangguan Tianyou panted softly. Gongsun Yun had been a strong opponent, so he was forced to fight him seriously. As he left the stage, he noticed the enraged North Bank and frowned. Taking a look at Bai Xiaochun, contempt surfaced in his eyes once more, yet some jealousy mixed inside as well.

“Relying merely on a single pill and some protection, he has actually reached the same level as me, huh!” Shangguan Tianyou turned around and closed his eyes as he sat down cross-legged and rested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 - Bai Xiaochun, We Are On Your Side!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 94 - Bai Xiaochun, We Are On Your Side!

“This Heaven’s Chosen War... “ On the terrace, Sect Head Zheng Yuandong shook his head helplessly, the Elders around him laughed bitterly as well.

They all knew that this important Heaven’s Chosen War had changed its atmosphere… the originally grand atmosphere had soured all because of Bai Xiaochun.

“Bai Xiaochun… A nice name, but he isn’t pure at all.” Elder Zhou smiled wryly as he gazed at Bai Xiaochun who was hiding from the crowd below. He then looked at the countless enraged North Bank disciples.

“Doesn’t matter. Since his mischievousness has reached such heights that he’s now the North Bank’s common enemy, later, we could look for a chance to throw him there and calm things down.” An old woman, the North Bank’s Iridaceae Mountain’s Ancestor, spoke with a fake smile.

Thoughtful expressions surfaced on everyone’s faces, except for Li Qinghou. He threw a pitying look at the Iridaceae Mountain’s Ancestor. He was fairly certain that if Bai Xiaochun were to be sent to the North Bank, it wouldn’t be Bai Xiaochun who would be considered unlucky...

As they continued thinking, the third round of the third stage began.

Gui Ya against Xu Song and Shangguan Tianyou against Gongsun Wan-er. Those two fights weren’t anything worth seeing. With the strength Gui Ya and Shangguan Tianyou had previously shown, their victories would be easy.

All disciples of both the North and the South Bank, however, and even the Sect Head and the others on the terrace had set their sights on the third section. Gongsun Yun walked up the arena first in an imposing and cold manner, posturing like an expert. Bai Xiaochun too stepped on the arena not long after.

This time, the North Bank wasn’t in an uproar. Everyone was staring daggers at Bai Xiaochun. The bloodlust of tens of thousands disciples gathered on him caused Bai Xiaochun to feel a little jumpy.

“You should concede.” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath as he looked at Gongsun Yun as he said quickly with the Aphrodisiac Pill in his hands.

Gongsun Yun looked at Bai Xiaochun coldly, his eyes filled with hatred. He tossed his long sleeve to the side, and from within, a swarm of black beetles flew out. Simultaneously, underneath his clothing, many red centipedes crawled out, covering the floor in the blink of an eye.

All those densely packed insects presented a horrifying sight.

“Although among these insects are both males and females, they aren’t beasts so your pill is useless against them.” Gongsun Yun said calmly. Without giving Bai Xiaochun a chance to speak, after a single thought, the insects immediately let out a piercing sound and the sea of insects moved towards Bai Xiaochun.

The centipedes on the ground, the black beetles in the air... Their numbers blotted out the sky and covered the earth as they quickly approached Bai Xiaochun.

Although the light screen could withstand it, an attack such as the sea of insects, where every insect had its own strength, provided Bai Xiaochun no advantage over Gongsun Yun in the confrontation.

“Gongsun Yun, don’t force my hand and quickly concede. I really don’t want to do this. If I act, you… will be crippled!” Bai Xiaochun’s face was pale as he backed away while shouting quickly.

“Then why don’t we see whether your flesh is devoured by the insects or I become crippled as you say.” Gongsun Yun sneered. His contempt for Bai Xiaochun grew even further as even more insects emerged from his body.

Upon seeing this scene, everyone in the South Bank felt their scalps numb. When they looked at Gongsun Yun, horror gripped their hearts. They knew that he was indeed strong, and not only was he an expert in controlling insects, his techniques were just as formidable. After all, he had managed to withstand the first finger from Gui Ya and had forced Shangguan Tianyou to pull out a whole three swords to win, draining him substantially in the process.

When the North side saw this, their spirits lifted up as they grew excited.

“Nice going, Senior Brother Gongsun! Kill him!”

“Haha, Bai Xiaochun, let’s see how you handle this! Just you wait, it won’t be long before they bore into you, hungry for your blood and flesh!”

“Bai Xiaochun, you get what you deserve!” Countless North Bank disciples were getting excited. The war beasts, sensing the strong emotions of their masters, roared in excitement as well.

In the blink of an eye, the black beetles flew towards Bai Xiaochun, covering the light screen above. Under their relentless bites, the screen dimmed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The red centipedes soon arrived as well and leapt off the ground, causing the protection to dim even faster. Surprisingly, many of those centipedes managed to even drill through the layers of light.

Bai Xiaochun’s scalp numbed and his eyes reddened as he yelled out.

“Gongsun Yun, it is you who forced me!” Bai Xiaochun had no choice, he didn’t want to use this trump card, but it was the only way. Sighing, he felt that he wasn’t the one to blame from his heart as he leapt up. The light layers around him suddenly trembled, shaking off many of the bugs. As they advanced once again, the Aphrodisiac Pill in his hand was suddenly thrown towards the North Bank disciples.

It whooshed through the air quickly before the spectators could even react. They could only stare at the pill up in the sky blankly when a low growl sounded from Bai Xiaochun.

“Burst!”

Boom! The Aphrodisiac Pill exploded, turning into powder that spread among the disciples, covering half of the North Bank disciples.

Gongsun Yun’s eyes widened as he stared in surprise.

Whether the pill worked on humans, actually, Bai Xiaochun didn’t know. The number of weird pills he had concocted was simply too much and he hadn’t dared to try one himself. However, he was well aware of the strong effect the Aphrodisiac Pill had on beasts.

In a blink an eye, in the area covered by the Aphrodisiac Pill, all the war beasts began losing control. They roared frenziedly towards the skies as their bodies expanded, their eyes bloodshot and their breath hurried. This caused their masters to quickly back away in fear.

With a crashing sound, all of the disciples from the North Bank in this area retreated like a madman. Quickly, there was no one left in this area, only beasts that were shouting and looking everywhere, as if to find the monstrous beast that was their target. The onlooking disciples of the North Bank were making a huge outcry, and the tens of thousands of people were suddenly in chaos.

“Bai Xiaochun!” The North Bank disciples’ cries pierced the skies as Gongsun Yun’s forehead started sweating. As far as he remembered, his body had had never sweated ever since he started cultivating those insects.

But right now, he was breathing heavily as he looked at Bai Xiaochun take out a pill which evidently attracted the beasts’ attention. Gongsun Yun immediately recalled the medicine pill that had burst above Beihan Lie’s before.

“You…”

A strong premonition sprouted in Gongsun Yun’s heart, causing it to tremble. Countless scenes flashed past his mind and he backed away hastily, his legs trembling. He could imagine that the moment Bai Xiaochun threw that pill at him, he would… be pounced on by numerous war beasts.

“It is you who forced me, ah, I didn’t want to do this.” Bai Xiaochun looked sullenly as he heaved a deep sigh, preparing to throw the pill.

“I concede!” Gongsun Yun screamed like never before, his face pale-white as he jerked backwards, almost stumbling. He dashed into the crowd, scared out of his wits. As he looked at Bai Xiaochun now, only unprecedented fear resided in his eyes.

“Ah?” Bai Xiaochun stared blankly at Gongsun Yun who was trembling in fear as he desperately hid in the crowd. He then looked at the crazed war beasts and felt that the situation was turning worse.

Some of the beasts roared, their eyes fixed on the pill in his palm, edging forward. Bai Xiaochun started sweating, his gaze quickly turning towards some North Bank disciples.

A disturbance occurred among the disciples penetrated by his gaze, too scared to even yell at Bai Xiaochun... All of them immediately scattered.

Panicking, Bai Xiaochun looked somewhere else, only to have the people there frantically scatter as well, pushing and climbing over each other in the chaos.

In the end, Bai Xiaochun anxiously directed his gaze back at the South Bank disciples.

Instantly… the South Bank disciples felt their scalps turn numb. They quickly backed away, all of them retreating ten zhang back.

“Senior Uncle Bai, we are on your side! We are on your side!” Many of them hastily shouted out.

Even Shangguan Tianyou and Gui Ya were looking pale as they too backed away.

ROAR!!! The crazed war beasts surged forward with scarlet eyes. Sweat dripped down from Bai Xiaochun’s forehead when he saw that.

“What should I do, what should I do? I told you to concede, I told you that even I fear what would happen once I made my move!” Bai Xiaochun felt he wasn’t the one to blame as he clenched his teeth and turned towards the North Bank disciples.

“Which of you placed a bounty on me?!”

The North Bank disciples lowered their heads quickly, none were brave enough to meet his eyes as their hearts trembled.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was trembling just as well. He thought himself to be a kindhearted person, he couldn’t just throw the pill. As he struggled with his thoughts, the war beasts only grew more restless when Bai Xiaochun suddenly shot his gaze up at the skies where, still proud and gloating, Elder Zhou’s phoenix soared.

His eyes lit up, and without much thought, Bai Xiaochun threw the pill at the phoenix. Transforming into a rainbow, the pill shot straight at Elder Zhou’s phoenix.

The phoenix, still gloating at Bai Xiaochun’s situation, didn’t notice the approaching pill until it was too late. Its feathers stood up as it screeched out and attempted to dodge it. Bang. The pill burst open and covered the phoenix with the powder.

The phoenix was stunned. The beasts down below roared as one. They seemed as if they were about to throw themselves at the phoenix at any moment.

Even the Sect Head and the other on the terrace sucked in a deep breath as they gathered on the edge of terrace, staring dumbstruck.

“This, involving the spectators… isn’t it a violation of the rules?” An elder absentmindedly spoke, only to realise that no one was paying attention to him. The three ancestors of the North Bank, in particular, had their eyes on the many beasts in the emptied spectator area!

There, a deer-like war beast, obviously in heat, roared towards the phoenix in the sky.

“This pill, I previously thought that it only affected the third rank bloodline… To think that even a second rank would be affected!”

“This pill, it seems that it can be quite valuable to the North Bank…” The three North Bank Ancestors were shaking, their eyes filled with excitement. The old woman pointed out a finger towards the phoenix.

Immediately, the phoenix trembled as it was enveloped by a strong force and was pulled straight towards the terrace and into the old woman’s grasp. Meanwhile down below, the war beasts roared and shot towards the terrace one by one.

With a cold snort, the old woman looked down, and the beasts howled in fear before they were rolled up and shrunk as they entered the old woman’s sleeve.

Looking at the phoenix, who was too terrified to make any sound, surprise appeared in the old woman’s eyes as she began conversing with the other Ancestors.

The face of Elder Zhou beside them turned green...

Seeing that everything had returned to normal, Bai Xiaochun breathed out a sigh of relief and was just about to go back when the North Bank disciples, who had suppressed their rage until now, exploded into a far greater outrage than before.

“Bai Xiaochun! I’ll kill you!”

“Bai Xiaochun, the North Bank will never forgive you!”

“Damned Bai Xiaochun!” The veins on countless North Bank disciples’ heads bulged as they bellowed. Bai Xiaochun turned around, his right hand raised high and his chin held up. Inside his hand was one of those bizarre pills.

In an instant... all the North Bank disciples became quiet.

Flourishing his sleeve, Bai Xiaochun laughed mischievously and retracted the pill. Behind him, the angered voices of the North Bank rose to the heavens.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week. One more later.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 - Sword Aren’t Meant To Be Used Like That!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 95 - Sword Aren’t Meant To Be Used Like That!

Senior Uncle Bai… is like a god!

”Senior Uncle Bai is going down the road of no return by becoming the North Bank’s common enemy and is walking it without missing a beat…” Respect surfaced in the hearts of everyone from the South Bank while looking at Bai Xiaochun.

Many people were even celebrating. A disaster like Bai Xiaochun was fortunately not on the North Bank. Otherwise, one wouldn’t even be able to imagine how how much the South Bank would have suffered.

“We of the South Bank would be fine with just one Senior Uncle Bai. Him alone can make the entire North Bank crazy.” Today, Xu Baocai had been shocked many times. He now realised that Bai Xiaochun’s audacity… had no limits.

But no matter how this Heaven’s Chosen War’s atmosphere had changed, it still had to continue. And so, with the South Bank staring in admiration, and the North Bank seething in fury, the fourth round of the third stage began.

Shangguan Tianyou, Gui Ya and Bai Xiaochun. These three people had won three matches, and this round did not require them to make an appearance. What would be decided now was who would be placed fourth, fifth and sixth.

The Gongsun siblings and Xu Song quickly appeared on the fighting stage and began their battles. Ultimately, Gongsun Yun defeated both Gongsun Wan-er and Xu Song and without further ado, Gongsun Yun was the first to leave the arena, taking the fourth place with him.

Although Xu Song was not as good as Gongsun Yun, he managed to beat Gongsun Wan-er and finally won the match, leaving the arena as the fifth ranked Heaven’s Chosen.

As for Gongsun Wan-er, having lost all five matches, she gloomily took the sixth place.

After that was over, the time to decide this Heaven’s Chosen War’s top three ranks arrived! How would Bai Xiaochun, Shangguan Tianyou and Gui Ya place in these three spots be in the end? The disciples of the North Bank and South Bank paid close attention.

However, every time the North Bank disciples looked at Bai Xiaochun, fury would immediately surge within them. They acknowledged both Gui Ya and Shangguan Tianyou, however, Bai Xiaochun was just too shameless and despicable…

At this moment, all the hopes of the North Bank were placed on Gui Ya. In their opinion, even if Bai Xiaochun had some hidden cards, in the face of absolute strength, he would still be destroyed as easily as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood.

“First match, Bai Xiaochun versus Shangguan Tianyou!” Ou Yangjie’s voice sounded out. With Bai Xiaochun’s appearance, it seemed to have lost its usual coldness, and a trace of emotion appeared instead.

Shangguan Tianyou suddenly raised his head as seriousness flashed across his eyes. The scene of being surpassed by Bai Xiaochun during the qualifying battle surfaced in his mind, and a trace of coldness appeared in his eyes. When he was stepping on to the stage, a breeze lifted his long hair. At this moment, in the eyes of countless disciples, Shangguan Tianyou looked especially dazzling, like an unsheathed blade, making excitement surface on the faces of the countless disciples watching from the sides.

However, the people from the South Bank dared not to cheer. After all, Bai Xiaochun too was from the South Bank, and furthermore, Bai Xiaochun had too many tricks up his sleeve. They were worried that if they cheered, Bai Xiaochun might hold a grudge against them. As such, they could only hold themselves back.

On the other side, the North Bank cheered for Shangguan Tianyou, but that actually made him feel uncomfortable. He knew that the North Bank’s cheers was not because of him, but because of Bai Xiaochun. In other words, even if the opponent facing Bai Xiaochun were to be a pig, the North Bank would still cheer for the pig. With this in mind, Shangguan Tianyou grew even more annoyed with Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun coughed and walked onto the fighting stage. Looking at Shangguan Tianyou, he flourished his sleeves as a smile emerged on his face.

“It’s alright, it’s alright, we are both…” But before Bai Xiaochun could even finish his words, coldness exploded from Shangguan Tianyou’s eyes. He raised a finger, and in an instant, a flying sword appeared by his side. With an ear-piercing sound, it instantly flew out like a bolt of lightning. It quickly made its way to Bai Xiaochun as it cut through the air like a hot knife through butter. Its speed was so fast, that in a short instant, the distance between it and Bai Xiaochun was less than seven zhang already!

Bai Xiaochun’s pupils instantly shrank. In the face of immediate danger, he quickly crouched down. A gust of wind caused by the sword whistled just above his head. A strand of hair even floated down in front of Bai Xiaochun’s face.

“In a fight between cultivators, you have to seize every moment. Even if you hadn’t dodged this sword, it wouldn’t have taken your life. You have a mischievous personality, and you lack a proper upbringing. Since your parents have not taught you well, then let me teach you a lesson. In the future, you must remember this well; do not use underhanded methods. They will make the South Bank lose face.” As Shangguan Tianyou spoke lightly, his flying sword returned and floated before his body.

The North Bank that had quieted down instantly renewed their cheering. The South Bank alone remained quiet. When they looked at Shangguan Tianyou, dissatisfaction arose on their expressions. Even those who supported Shangguan Tianyou furrowed their brows.

They beared no ill will toward Bai Xiaochun. In their opinion, even if Bai Xiaochun was mischievous, he hadn’t been excessive. Even though he made people feel helpless, he also caused them to like him from the bottom of their hearts. Even though the North Bank hated him to the bone, if one were to ask the South Bank, Bai Xiaochun was still their representative and he had still brought glory to the South Bank.

Just now, when Bai Xiaochun opened his mouth, everyone could see that he wanted to concede and had no intention of fighting Shangguan Tianyou. Furthermore, there was also another motive. He would let Shangguan Tianyou preserve his spiritual power, so that he could have a much better chance at beating Gui Ya and becoming the champion.

It was impossible for Shangguan Tianyou to not have understood what Bai Xiaochun was doing. However, Shangguan Tianyou still attacked and even did something akin to a sneak attack, and furthermore, he even spoke of teaching him a lesson and insulted his parents. This type of behaviour attracted many of the South Bank disciples’ contempt.

The crouched Bai Xiaochun stared at his falling strand of hair in a daze. He retracted his smile, and he stood up to face Shangguan Tianyou, the words of his opponent still echoing in his mind.

“You’re a Heaven’s Chosen, whether you look down on me, I don’t care. I have never been concerned with others’ opinions.” Bai Xiaochun spoke in a low voice, looking somewhat unusual.

“Even if you launch a sneak attack on me, it’s still fine. I cultivate to achieve immortality, and I have never been fond of fighting and killing.” Bai Xiaochun raised his right hand and tore the dim talismans off his body, throwing them away. At this moment, a faint ruthlessness was gradually emanated from his body.

Within the South Bank’s crowd, Hou Yunfei’s stared at the arena, his body uncontrollably shaking. Looking at Bai Xiaochun, that distinct feeling from back when they were being chased by the Fallen Chen Clan… surged up once again.

“But what right do you have... to teach me a lesson in my parents’ stead?!” Bai Xiaochun suddenly raised his head, his eyes bloodshot. His parents had died early, and that had affected him greatly. Even his reason to pursue immortality was deeply connected with the death of his parents.

His optimistic personality was deliberately forged when he had been young. He was still young when he had personally witnessed the death of his parents and had stayed with their bodies for days, unwilling to accept it, crying and shouting for his father and mother until their corpses began rotting away before the other villagers finally buried them. After that, he remained in shock for a long time. At that time, he liked to talk to himself… such kids, once they grow up, would usually live a gloomy life.

He replaced his cries with laughter, and his longing for immortality sprouted from the moment he recalled the reluctant faces of his parents before they died as they told him to live a good life.

He was mischievous, but he still had propriety. There were many things that he didn’t intentionally do. He had always remained kindhearted.

He was afraid of death, so much that it he came off as a coward. But when danger faced his comrades, his camaraderie conquered his fear of death, and with a roar, he risked his life despite trembling in fear.

He had a wacky behaviour, but he valued those close to him. Zhang Fatso One, Li Qinghou, Hou Yunfei, Du Lingfei, Hou Xiaomei and the Sect Head. All those people who treated him well, he would remember for his whole life.

“What right do you have!” With a bang, Bai Xiaochun’s body quickly shot forward and arrived in front of Shangguan Tianyou in an instant. Shangguan Tianyou’s pupils suddenly shrunk, and his hair stood on end. Before he could react, Bai Xiaochun’s fist, carrying a silver glow, landed.

Boom! A protective light surged from Shangguan Tianyou’s body, but it didn’t have the slightest resistance against Bai Xiaochun’s strike as it instantly collapsed. Bai Xiaochun’s fist was like a hot knife cutting through butter as it landed on a small shield that instantly appeared in front of Shangguan Tianyou.

Boom! The small shield shook and was unexpectedly sent flying by Bai Xiaochun’s fist, which then collided with Shangguan Tianyou’s chest. Shangguan Tianyou spat out blood, and he was pushed back by the great force. He retreated more than ten steps back, spitting out another mouthful of blood as an expression of disbelief appeared on his face.

“This is a Heaven’s Chosen?” Bai Xiaochun faintly said. At this moment, he neither raised his chin, nor did he assume the look of an expert. Contrary to everyone’s expectation, Bai Xiaochun, at the moment, stood out like the blazing sun. Countless deep breaths could be heard from the South Bank disciples, and the North Bank was just as shocked.

A sharp gaze appeared in Gui Ya’s eyes. On the terrace, the expressions of the Sect Head and others suddenly changed, becoming serious.

“Bai Xiaochun!” Shangguan Tianyou felt humiliated, and with a growl, he formed a hand seal and five swords simultaneously appeared next to his body. Every one of the swords that appeared released an astonishing Sword Qi. With the assistance of Shangguan Tianyou’s sword spirit’s body, the five swords whistled out towards Bai Xiaochun.

(ED note: the “sword spirit” clearly seems to be referring to the actual person now, as such we’ll be changing it to “sword spirit’s body”. How is that related to what it does is still unknown so we may have to change it in the future when it becomes clearer. )

The swords had an earth-shattering speed, and it was as though they had become five sword dragons that were half a zhang thick and more than ten zhang long. Some of them shot at Bai Xiaochun, while the others dived towards him in an arc from above. An explosion sounded out and cracks appeared on the fighting stage. With such an imposing force, one sword could easily kill an ordinary disciple, two swords could kill another Heaven’s Chosen, and three swords would force a Heaven’s Chosen of Gongsun Yun’s caliber to concede. But at this moment, five swords had instantly appeared, covering the whole arena with Sword Qi.

“I do not understand swordplay nor do I have a sword spirit’s body. But from what I see, swords… are not meant to be used like this!” Bai Xiaochun unhurriedly spoke as he raised a finger from his right hand. In an instant, the Golden Crow Sword turned into a golden ray as it carved forward.

“Whether you use three or five swords, I will only use one!”

As the sword moved forward, a loud noise exploded out as a storm of Sword Qi formed!

This sword strike contained both the concept of ‘Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light’ and the concept of ‘Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy’!

In this sword slash, the spiritual Qi that Bai Xiaochun used was so precise that he didn’t waste even the tiniest bit!

Even though he wasn’t skilled with a sword, he understood how to use the Purple Qi to create a cauldron. He had mastered the concepts of both ‘Lifting the Heavy as Though It Was Light’ and ‘Lifting the Light as Though It Was Heavy’. He knew that a leaf could not support the heavy wood, but by coiling the leaves together, they could even support stone. And if one were to tear a leaf into many small strings, one could even lift an even heavier rock!

He knew that this was one of the principles of using Spirit Power!

This one method, even against ten thousand methods, within the Qi Condensation… combined with his Impenetrable Silver Skin, was unmatched!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

A deafening sound spread in all directions and countless rock fragments flew about in the arena. When the storm of Sword Qi that Bai Xiaochun had unleashed collided with Shangguan Tianyou’s five sword dragons, an earth-shattering explosion occurred. The five sword dragons twisted, and with a ‘Peng Peng’ sound, they shattered apart. But Bai Xiaochun’s sword storm didn’t stop there as it surged forward towards Shangguan Tianyou.

The wind picked up Bai Xiaochun’s long hair. He stood there on the arena with a serene expression. He did not clasp his hands behind his back, and he did not flourish his sleeves. Instead, he remained silent amidst the storm of Sword Qi. This formed a timeless scene that would be deeply engraved in the hearts of both the South Bank and the North Bank disciples.

“Is that really...Bai Xiaochun?” At this moment, everyone’s heart was stirred from shock.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week, last for today.

Translated by: Sean

TLCed by: Nat, Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 - Fighting Gui Ya
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 96 - Fighting Gui Ya

The South Bank disciples were stunned. Everyone acquaintanced with Bai Xiaochun felt as though they had never truly known who Bai Xiaochun really was. It was as though the Bai Xiaochun from their memories who pestered people to call him ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ and was in need of a beating, was a completely different person from the Bai Xiaochun standing before them.

Countless gasps could be heard from the North Bank disciples. All of them stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun, their minds roaring in disbelief. None knew him from before, and all of them were under the impression that he had always been just as shameless. As such, the current scene caused them all to suck in a deep breath.

On the platform, Zheng Yuandong was staring intently with surprise. The surrounding Ancestors grew solemn, Li Qinghou alone had a smile creeping up his face. Both pride and warmth welled up in his heart as he watched Bai Xiaochun.

The Elders similarly took in deep breaths, their expressions becoming serious.

In mid-air, blood sprayed out of Shangguan Tianyou’s mouth as his eyes lost focus. He was unwilling to accept his loss, and a loss to the Bai Xiaochun he looked down upon so much to boot. To him, this was his greatest humiliation that far surpassed any pain and agony brought by an injury. Unable to accept it, as he saw that he was about to fall out of the arena, he let out a shrill howl.

“Bai Xiaochun, our fight isn’t over yet!” After these words, he bit down on his tongue and blood spat out from his mouth. His hair withered with a speed visible to the naked eye as he rapidly formed hand seals with his hands. His whole body shuddered and a bloody ray burst from his body straight to the sky!

In an instant, the bloody light pierced the sky and transformed into a blood-red sword!

“Ten Secret Arts, Sword of Life!” Many people exclaimed as they recognised it.

“Dark Earth Formation!” Without hesitation, Shangguan Tianyou formed hand seals with both hands and pointed at Bai Xiaochun, causing the blood-red sword to rumble as countless bloody threads seep out of it, crisscrossing together and forming a net of blades that descended upon Bai Xiaochun.

As they did, a piercing sound filled the air.

Bai Xiaochun looked up, lifted his right hand and pointed out a single finger.

Suddenly, the air in front of it distorted as a large purple cauldron began to take shape. As it manifested, it became apparent that it was corporeal. Even the patterns on its surface were clearly visible, as though it was a real cauldron. It didn’t seem illusory at all.

“Heavens, Purple Cauldron Qi Melting Technique!”

“Too realistic, this isn’t your ordinary purple qi cauldron, this one is already at the second stage!” Gasps sounded out from the South Bank disciples, especially from the Purple Cauldron Mountain’s disciples.

The North Bank disciples also gasped as they witnessed this. The purple cauldron and the blood-red swords collided as a deafening clang sounded out. Blood sprayed out from Shangguan Tianyou’s mouth. He laughed bitterly as he was forced out of the arena.

Bai Xiaochun stood on the arena, completely unscathed. His eyes were focused on the dissipating cauldron when Gui Ya suddenly leapt up from the North Bank’s side onto the arena. In his eyes, a peculiar glint was evident.

“That Shangguan Tianyou is unable to fight anymore, saves me the trouble anyway. You and me… Let’s fight!” As Gui Ya spoke, black mist spread from his body, filling the surroundings as the outlines of ghosts appeared, screaming soundlessly at Bai Xiaochun.

The ghosts looked hideous, their hair disheveled and their skin green. There were even some corpses that had been decaying for who knows how long, holding their dismembered heads. It was a terrifying sight.

The entire arena was instantly filled with the stench of death, chilling the South Bank and North Bank disciples alike.

At the same time, many figures shot out from both sides with serious expressions. Those weren’t outer sect disciples, but inner sect ones. At this moment, everyone showed up just to see this final battle of the Heaven’s Chosen War!

Even the four Grand Elders’s spiritual sense swooped down and concentrated on the imminent fight.

At this moment, everyone’s attention was focused on the fighting stage!

Bai Xiaochun turned around to look at at Gui Ya, his expression tuning grave. In this Heaven’s Chosen War, in the few battles that Gui Ya had fought, he astonished him time and time again. With a single finger, he had nearly killed Lu Tianlei, and that was with just seventy percent of his strength.

If he fought with his full strength, the result would be unimaginable.

As Bai Xiaohcun stared at Gui Ya, Gui Ya’s eyes flashed as he abruptly raised his right hand and pointed at Bai Xiaochun. At the same time, the sky and earth shook as an enormous ghost claw appeared beside Gui Ya, taking up half the arena. It pierced through the air with astonishing force as it shot straight for Bai Xiaochun.

With its terrifying speed, the claw reached Bai Xiaochun in the blink of an eye. Bai Xiaochun raised his right hand and clenched his fist tightly. Silver light enveloped his body, as though he was made of silver, and his fist shot towards the approaching claw.

From afar, the small Bai Xiaochun seemed insignificant in comparison to the enormous ghost claw. Yet, when his fist collided with it, an earth-shaking deafening sound echoed out.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The sky roiled as the sound spread from the arena and into the audience, forcing the disciples to take a few steps back. Their faces were aghast, some even had their visions blurred.

A shockwave erupted between Bai Xiaochun’s fist and the ghost claw, and the ghost claw shuddered. With a crackling sound, cracks instantly covered the entire claw, and in a single breath, a muffled explosion sounded out as the enormous ghost claw shattered into thousands of pieces.

Endless black mist surged out in all directions, making the whole stage shook. A grave look flickered on Gui Ya’s face as he stepped back before he heavily stomped on the stage.

The ground beneath his feet crumbled into a circle of rubble. Opposite of him, Bai Xiaochun’s face was flushed red as he too took a step back. His right hand was still shining brightly, but if one were to take a closer look, they would notice that it was slightly shaking.

The disciples all around took in a deep breath. Shocked exclamations emerged from both the North Bank and the South Bank disciples.

“That… Bai Xiaochun is actually… so strong!”

“He’s actually on equal ground with Senior Brother Gui Ya! I remember, when he survived the Fallen Chen Clan’s betrayal, he narrowly escaped while killing cultivators on a higher level than himself… I thought it to be exaggerated back then, but now…”

“It’s my first time seeing a disciple managing to break Gui Ya’s ghost claw!”

The inner sect disciples were shocked as well as they watched the fight between Bai Xiaochun and Gui Ya. Their hearts thumped loudly, their expressions aghast. In their eyes, this wasn’t a battle between outer sect disciples, but monsters. In so many years, not a single one had appeared, but now… two showed up at the same time.

On the terrace, the Sect Head was also taken aback, the Elders of the Spirit River Sect similarly had their eyebrows raised.

Bai Xiaochun frowned. His right hand started feeling numb. Although it recovered quickly, it was evident that the Gui Ya in front of him was a formidable opponent.

“To deal with the first finger when I’m using 50% of my strength, you are much stronger than the rest. If so… I can safely unleash 80% of my strength.” Staring at Bai Xiaochun, Gui Ya’s eyes lit up with great interest. Forming a hand seal with his right hand, he pointed another finger towards Bai Xiaochun.

As soon as the words left his mouth, above Bai Xiaochun, mist suddenly curled around as black Qi gathered, and as if an invisible hand tore open the sky, another ghost claw appeared.

This ghost claw was imilar to the one that almost took Lu Tianlei’s life, however, it was even larger. The ghost claw exploded forth, aiming straight at Bai Xiaochun. The pressure it was exuding was so powerful, it was as if it was carrying the weight of a mountain.

Bai Xiaochun abruptly raised his head and lifted his right fist. As the ghost claw descended, he pushed himself off the ground and turned into a rainbow, taking the initiative to meet the ghost claw as he threw his fist out.

This fist carried a peculiar might as Bai Xiaochun’s whole body glowed with a silver light, which could shake the heavens. His Impenetrable Skin, at this moment, exploded. When the fist landed on the ghost claw, unexpectedly, the ghost claw once again trembled and cracks spread through it!

Gui Ya’s face flickered. He used his third, fourth, and fifth finger as well, unleashing all of them at the same time.

In a blink of an eye, three enormous ghost claws appeared, tearing down through the air.

Although lengthy to describe, all of this happened in an instant. Seeing the four ghost claws speeding at Bai Xiaochun, the observing outer sect disciples exclaimed in surprise, and the inner sect disciples were just as shocked.

On the terrace, the Sect head and the others stood up. Li Qinghou’s eyes flashed as he prepared to go in for the rescue.

A thunderous explosion sounded out, the deafening sound piercing the sky as the four claws collided with Bai Xiaochun’s body. A shockwave swept out, devastating the arena and lifting rubble along with it. Clouds of dust rose in the air, obscuring the place where Bai Xiaochun was.

In that dust however, a silhouette, as fast as lightning, burst from the cloud and zoomed in Gui Ya’s direction.

“Throat Crushing Grasp!” A deep voice suddenly resounded as a blinding silver light exploded into the audience’s eyes. Two fingers appeared in front of Gui Ya, overflowing with silver light, as though they contained a heaven-defying amount of energy. For the first time in his life, Gui Ya felt that his life was endangered. With a growl, mist exploded out of his body and many light screens spread out as he quickly backed away.

But just as he stepped back, a pulling force surged out from Bai Xiaochun’s fingers, not only preventing Gui Ya from retreating, but even pulling him closer.

The light screens he created, upon contact with Bai Xiaochun’s two fingers, seemed fragile as they immediately shattered. In order to defend, he pulled out three shields which turned out ineffective as well. The first one crumbled apart, the second one split in half. And although the third managed to remain as in one piece, the great force from the impact blew it away.

Staring at Bai Xiaochun’s two fingers that pierced through his defenses like a hot knife cutting through butter, Gui Ya screamed as the great threat broke through, quickly reaching out to him. As he screamed, a third of his hair turned white, and in return, his figure had suddenly become hazy. Bai Xiaochun’s fingers pierced right through it, catching only the air.

A muffled bang sounded out as the space between Bai Xiaochun’s fingers crackled as though the air itself was squeezed out of his grasp. At the same time, some distance away from Bai Xiaochun, Gui Ya’s figure appeared, blood spraying out from his mouth, and one could even see a couple of wrinkles appearing on his face.

“To force me to use my last resort, Bai Xiaochun… I underestimated you.” Panting, Gui Ya raised his head to stare at Bai Xiaochun. In his eyes, there was no such thing as backing down. On the contrary, they overflowed with the desire for battle despite of the shock in his heart. As of this moment, Gui Ya had acknowledged that his opponent had used an ability that had far surpassed the strength of a cultivator at the Qi Condensation.

Blood seeped out from the edge of Bai Xiaochun’s mouth. As he stood there, one could see that the large pot on his back was shattered, and most of the leather armour on his body was torn apart. His breathing was erratic, but aside from that, he seemed surprisingly fine.

Bai Xiaochun had managed to withstand the five fingers’ ghost claws, although it was with difficulty. If his Impenetrable Skin wasn’t at the silver stage, he would have definitely failed.

And unfortunately, his decisive strike had been avoided by his opponent...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week. 5th guaranteed and 1st sponsored chapter would be for tomorrow.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 - I Am Zhang Fatso One
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 97 - I Am Zhang Fatso One

At this moment, the surrounding disciples were stunned as they stared blankly at the two figures on the fighting stage.

The crowd on the from the South Bank was staring in disbelief as the disciples finally understood how Bai Xiaochun managed to survive the fight with the Fallen Chen Clan, and why he had the right to be called an Honourable Disciple!

“To think… that Bai xiaochun would be this strong!” This was the only thought the South Bank disciples occupied themselves with at the moment.

The North Bank disciples, on the other hand, had mixed feelings; their confusion had reached its peak.

On the terrace, the many elders of the Spirit River Sect had eyes filled with both interest and astonishment as they stared at Bai Xiaochun. The image of his silver-clad body and his shocking attacks floated in their minds.

“It’s the Unending Longevity Technique and the silver skin stage at that!”

“And that finishing move just now… It’s the Throat Crushing Grasp!”

“To think that the Unending Longevity Technique that almost no one persisted in cultivating would have someone who could actually cultivate it! Its might is extremely great, however, it has a mysterious origin and only a fragment remains…” The elders gasped as they talked among themselves.

“It’d be interesting to see whether either one of those two can enter the Legacy Order!” The Sect Head exclaimed softly, knowing fully well that this possibility was still a long distance away, not to mention that entering the Legacy Order was extremely difficult. As he thought about this, he couldn’t help but glance at Li Qinghou.

“To enter the Golden Core stage within two sixty-year cycles and thus enter the Legacy Order… In our generation, Li Qinghou is our only hope for that.”

At the same time, Gui Ya suddenly made a motion with his right hand on the arena. A green light flew out, turning into a greenwood banner which then embedded itself into the ground before him.

Crossing his legs, Gui Ya sat down and raised his head, his eyes burning with the desire to fight.

“Bai Xiaochun, you’re worthy of making me break my seal.”

“First seal, release!” He abruptly shouted and formed a seal with his right hand before pointing it between his eyebrows. A buzzing sound reverberated, and his body trembled as lines of black threads surged out from his skin, spreading out as his body expanded to twice its size as a powerful aura erupted.

The strength of the aura was clearly at the pinnacle of Qi Condensation just beneath the Foundation Establishment stage.

“Sixth finger!”

“Eighth finger!”

“Tenth finger!” Gui Ya growled deeply as he flashed hand seals at Bai Xiaochun, simultaneously activating five fingers without a pause, each more fearsome than the last. The skies shook as enormous detached ghost claws descended out of nowhere, looming menacingly over Bai Xiaochun from afar as they rumbled forth.

“Is… Is this even a Qi Condensation technique? Its strength is clearly at the Foundation Establishment!”

“It’s my first time seeing a Qi Condensation disciple unleash such fearsome power!”

“Only a secret technique user can accomplish this. All of the Spirit River Sect’s ten great secret techniques can be used in Qi Condensation!” Everyone watching took in a deep breath, overwhelmed with shock.

Bai Xiaochun’s pupils shrunk. In this moment, Gui Ya released a tremendous pressure far surpassing the one before. However, it still fell short when compared with the Fallen Chen Clan’s young master whom Bai Xiaochun had fought a while ago.

After all, this fight wasn’t a battle of life and death, while the fight from back then was a matter of… kill or be killed.

Despite it not being a battle of life and death, Bai Xiaochun didn’t want to just avoid as he usually would. This kind of chances didn’t come by often, and since there was one now, Bai Xiaochun wanted to take the first place!

Not for the fame. But solely for the praise and pride in Li Qinghou’s eyes when he looked at him!

That alone was enough!

His eyes bloodshot, Bai Xiaochun tossed his sleeve to the side as he formed hand seals. The Qi inside his body spread out, and instantly, purple cauldrons began materialising. One cauldron, three cauldrons … five cauldrons appeared!

In the blink of an eye, five cauldrons had formed and were quickly hurled against the five descending ghost claws. The Golden Crow Sword transformed into a beam of golden light as a faint outline of a golden crow shrieked within, heading straight at Gui Ya!

Simultaneously, Bai Xiaochun’s body lunged forward, paying no heed to the five ghost claws as he closed in on Gui Ya at full speed.

An explosion echoed when the cauldrons collided with the five ghost claws. When the cauldrons collided with the ghost claws, the cauldrons crumbled to dust. But at the same time, the ghost claws had dimmed down, losing half their might in the process. However, this did not halt their advance. Without a pause, the claws caught up with Bai Xiaochun in a flash, when suddenly, a crane’s cry resounded from his body as the Divine Crane Shield emerged.

It transformed into a large crane, shrouding Bai Xiaochun as its cry rose to the sky. When the five claws clashed with it, amidst a cracking sound, the ghost claws faded even further, but the Divine Crane shrieked and returned back into the shield, unable to resist any further.

With their obstacle gone, the ghost claws continued their advance. But just as they were about to land on Bai Xiaochun, a black light instantly appeared, enveloping Bai Xiaochun’s whole body. It was the life-saving treasure gifted to him by Li Qinghou.

As soon as they landed, the five ghost claws finally stopped and exploded with a deafening roar. Bai Xiaochun spat out a mouthful of blood as the black light dissipated, but aside from that, he took no damage at all.

Light flashed through Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. He was five zhang away from Gui Ya. The Golden Crow Sword however, was even faster. There was less than a zhang between it and Gui Ya.

Gui Ya’s expression changed as he grabbed at the greenwood banner before him, pushing his whole body up, causing the Golden Crow Sword to whoosh right below his shoulder. Although he managed to evade it, it still managed to cut him as his blood was splattered out. Ignoring the pain, Gui Ya jerked the banner, his hair whipping in the wind and his eyes bloodshot.

“Second seal, release!”

“Ten Ghosts… Midnight March!” The banner whipped in his hand as terrifying shrieks immediately sounded from within, shaking one’s mind. Suddenly, two ghost hands emerged out of the banner, ripping through the air as a one horned head with a horrifying grin on its face came out, followed by its green-skinned body.

Even the sky darkened as stormy clouds blocked the sun. Darkness enveloped the entire arena, as though night had fallen.

One head after the other, a whole ten ghosts rushed out from the banner, each exuding a force equivalent to the peak of Qi Condensation as they charged straight at Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun’s face changed, his heart thumping loudly. Even with his strength, dealing with ten peak Qi Condensation leveled ghosts would be more than difficult.

Gui Ya sighed in relief. He wasn’t capable of opening the second seal for long, but now that the ten ghosts had appeared, he was convinced that his victory was already assured.

Behind his ten ghosts, Gui Ya coldly looked at Bai Xiaochun, his eyes shining.

In this battle between two giants, the audience were screaming their lungs out. After Gui Ya’s strength had been completely unveiled, the North Bank disciples cheered loudly while the South Bank disciples were on their toes.

Bai Xiaochun continuously retreated in his struggle against the ten ghosts. With each one having such a terrifying cultivation, he knew that even the Golden Crow Sword would be of little help in dealing with them.

“Ten Ghosts Midnight March…” As the impending danger pressed on, Bai Xiaochun raised his head at the black clouds that casted their shadows down, forcing dusk upon the arena. His eyes suddenly brightened up, and after pointing a hand seal, the Golden Crow Sword shot straight up, attempting to cleave the clouds and sweep away the darkness shrouding the fighting stage.

Gui Ya frowned at Bai Xiaochun’s fast reaction. Although this remarkable ability was strong, it was suited for the darkness; there would be no problems there. In daylight, though… Unless hundreds of ghosts covered the skies, a chance for him to lose still exists.

“These storm clouds aren’t ordinary. Only refined treasures can suppress them, and even they would be sucked inside. Even if Bai Xiaochun found the weak spot of this ability, there’s nothing he can do about it!” Gui Ya laughed coldly in his heart.

At this moment, a rumble resounded as the Golden Crow Sword shot into the cloud. Light flashed and the cloud thinned down slightly. But oddly, the sword was sucked inside, unable to continue its purpose.

Bai Xiaochun anxiously backed away, pulling out a twice spirit-refined flying sword and hurled it into the cloud. With another rumble, the cloud thinned down further, but that weapon was sucked in just as well.

Gui Ya stared with a baffled look from the side.

“Yet another spirit-refined treasure…”

Before Gui Ya could exit his stupor, Bai Xiaochun, having found a solution, immediately pulled out seven-eight more flying swords, sending them all towards the sky. Four of the flying swords were shining with a silver light, evidently refined twice. The unrefined blades didn’t seem to work, but the four refined ones thinned down the clouds with a rumble, so much that even some sunlight managed to seep through. They caused the ten ghosts to wail and quickly get away from him.

Gui Ya’s eyes were about the pop out. Despite his usual demeanor, Gui Ya almost gave voice to his surprise.

“This… This many?! Damn it, that must be all of them!”

He wasn’t the only one in awe. All the outer sect disciples watching similarly had their eyes wide open as they cried out in disbelief.

“Heavens… How does he have so many spirit-refined items!?”

“For a disciple to possess one is already rare enough... How the hell does he have so many, who refined them for him?”

As the audience watched agape, Zhang Fatso One could be seen smirking in the back of the crowd. No one paid much attention to his cheering when everyone had been doing the same.

Once he noticed the swords Bai Xiaochun pulled out, he raised his head arrogantly as pride welled up in his heart.

“Those are all spirit-refined by me! Zhang Fatso One!”

Just as Gui Ya thought that that would be the end of Bai Xiaochun’s spirit-refined treasures, surprise surfaced on Bai Xiaochun’s face as he confirmed that spirit-refined items could suppress the clouds, making him burst out laughing.

He pulled out two more swords, shooting them straight at the clouds. They too were shining with a silver glow, and everyone could tell that they were spirit-refined twice just as well.

“Impossible!” Gui Ya involuntarily cried out in shock.

Rumble! After the clouds in the sky were damaged from eight refined blades, they had reached their limit and dissipated. Sunlight burst through the sudden void, landing straight on top of the ghosts and causing them to escape back into the banner in terror.

Bai Xiaochun laughed loudly, lunging at Gui Ya. With two of his silver fingers shining, he once again attacked with the Throat Crushing Grasp.

With an ugly expression, Gui Ya prepared to defend himself. But suddenly, blood sprayed from his mouth. He trembled as the aftereffects of releasing the second seal emerged. With his eyes burning with obvious unwillingness to accept this outcome, he hastily backed away.

“I concede!” He said through his teeth. He knew that in his current condition, he was definitely not a match for Bai Xiaochun. Even so, the unwillingness to accept his defeat raged on. If Bai Xiaochun didn’t have so many spirit-refined items inside his storage pouch, his victory would have been certain.

Or if it had been during night instead of day… Victory would’ve been his as well!

As soon as he conceded, the disciples from the South Bank immediately burst with excitement as cheers reverberated throughout the arena.

“We won! We won! The South Bank is victorious!”

“Haha! The first place is ours! Two of our Heaven’s Chosen are in the top three!”

“The shameless Senior Uncle Bai is victorious!” The cheers of the South Bank pierced the sky, leaving the North Bank to sulk bitterly silent as they gradually realised what had just happened. It wasn’t that Gui Ya had failed… Bai Xiaochun simply had had too many treasures.

“Bai Xiaochun… Why the hell do you have so many spirit-refined items?!” Glaring at Bai Xiaochun, Gui Ya wanted to know the reason why he lost.

“My Senior Brother, Zhang Fatso One, is one in a millennium… no, one in ten millennia spirit refinement genius! My babies here, they’re all refined by him. If you are to blame someone for your loss, Gui Ya, blame yourself for not having a spirit refinement genius as your Senior Brother!” With those proud words, the South Bank disciples burst into an uproar, especially the disciples from the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

“Zhang Fatso One? Who is that godlike person?”

“Zhang Fatso One… He’s from the Purple Cauldron Mountain! Our Purple Cauldron Mountain!”

“He’s the ancestor’s disciple… Damn, to think that someone who lays low like him would turn out to be yet another genius!”

Swept by excitement, Zhang Fatso One jumped up and shouted loudly.

“I’m Zhang Fatso One! I’m the one who spirit-refined all of Bai Xiaochun’s flying swords!” More excited than ever before, the great roar he produced traveled far and wide, and even those on the terrace looked at him curiously.

Amidst the whole uproar, Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes and raised his chin. Tossing his sleeve to the side, he put on the airs of an expert and turned around, walking off the stage.

“Sigh, what a lonesome life. With a snap of these fingers of mine… All of the Heaven’s Chosen in this Heaven’s Chosen War… scatter like ash.”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter of the week. Chapter 98 won’t be available tonight since there were some terms that were in dire need of being reviewed, making us spend a lot more time than usual in this chapter. We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience, and we will try our best to make up for it in the following days, especially with the addition of the new editor.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Arch Requiem, Crimsonguard, Mantoulnv

We got a new addition to our editor staff recently, Mantoulnv will be helping us from now on! That being said, we’re looking for one more capable editor. If you want to join in, apply through XXW’s recruitment and specify that you’d like to work on ATTE.

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 - Dragon-Elephant“s Ocean Forming Scripture
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 98 - Dragon-Elephant's Ocean Forming Scripture

This Heaven’s Chosen War was of great benefit to Zhang Fatso One… Everyone looked at him with curiosity in their eyes. In particular, even the Sect Head was astounded.

“Willpower!” He had an imposing expression on his face. With solemn eyes, the words he spoke shocked the surrounding Elders and Ancestors with him. After taking a closer look, their eyes lit up as well.

If Xu Meixiang hadn’t taken Lu Tianlei back to heal his wounds, she would have been just as shocked as those present.

“That kid Zhang Fatso… the one Junior Sister Meixiang brought up the mountain when he was so little is finally producing great results. To spiritually refine by relying on his willpower, the stronger his willpower, the stronger the spirit refinement will be. We should place emphasis on nurturing that child from now on!” The Sect Head said slowly but happily.

“Now that I think about it, that little girl Qingrou isn’t bad either. Although not as impressive as Shangguan Tianyou, luck is on her side. There’s a special thread of fate connecting her to the Mountain Guardian Sword of our Green Peak Mountain. At the moment, she’s in the Green Peak Cave, preparing herself. Should anything come out of it, our Green Peak Mountain might obtain another spirit sword protector in the future!” The Green Peak Mountain’s Ancestor said with a faint smile.

(ED note: Black Fatso Three’s real name was revealed to be Chen Qingrou in case you have forgotten)

As the arena below was engulfed by the South Bank’s cheers, the North Bank’s side basked in silence. And so, this Heaven’s Chosen War ended with the results officially announced by the Sect Head.

In this moment, Bai Xiaochun was placed first in the Heaven’s Chosen War between the South and the North Banks! As such, his status was now promoted to an inner sect disciple!

He was to be rewarded with the chance to visit the Heaven’s Edge Pavilion on the Zhong Dao Mountain, as well as the opportunity to pick a Qi Condensation treasure!

A single visit to the Spirit River Sect’s secret realm would provide an opportunity to comprehend great techniques! This chance, however, would be somewhat wasted should it be used when one was still in the Qi Condensation. The disciple which placed first would definitely be able to reach the Foundation Establishment, as such, attempting to comprehend said great techniques would be somewhat of a waste before reaching the Foundation Establishment.

And finally, a reward of ten thousand Spirit Stones!

Following that, Zheng Yuandong announced the names of the top ten disciples, officially bestowing them the title ‘Heaven’s Chosen’ and promoting them into the inner sect before the crowd finally began to disperse.

The North Bank disciples were gloomy, while in contrast, the South Bank disciples were bursting with excitement. The Heaven’s Chosen had mixed feelings, and Gui Ya took a deep breath as he glared at Bai Xiaochun’s departing figure, still unwilling to accept his loss, before he turned around and left.

As for the other Heaven’s Chosen of the North Bank, the Gongsun siblings and Xu Song all clenched their fists tightly. They had decided to enter closed-door training the minute they return to their respective mountains!

As for the South Bank’s Zhou Xinqi, she still felt surreal as she stared at Bai Xiaochun in disbelief. The only one having a harder time accepting reality was Shangguan Tianyou.

He wore a gloomy expression. Although surrounded by people, most didn’t even bother looking at him as they passed by. Him starting the duel with a sneak attack was witnessed by everyone, and that disgracefulness would forever linger in the South Bank disciples’ hearts.

A bitter laugh escaped his lips as Shangguan Tianyou clenched his fists.

“This is merely the Qi Condensation. Foundation establishment... I will be the first to reach Foundation Establishment, surpassing Bai Xiaochun and Gui Ya alike!” With this newfound determination, Shangguan Tianyou stubbornly held on to his pride as he turned into a rainbow and flew away.

Gradually, the whole crowd left, marking the end of the Heaven’s Chosen War. But although it had just ended, the aftereffects that came from it had only just begun.

As of this moment, Bai Xiaochun’s name would spread far and wide between both the North Bank and the South Bank; especially in the North Bank, although his name would be known to all, at the same time, it would become a taboo there.

He was the North Bank’s common enemy, the shameless person who brought huge disgrace to the entire North Bank!

Especially to Beihan Lie himself, he went into closed-door cultivation immediately after his master brought him back, too ashamed to face anyone. As for the huge dog which Beihan Lie controlled, its contract was broken and was abandoned in the North Bank.

This Nocturnal Beast was powerful, yet none dared to attempt controlling it. This practically resulted in it becoming wild, and around the four northern mountains, one could occasionally catch a glimpse of its silhouette…

Countless North Bank disciples trained in a frenzy, filled with enthusiasm as they swore to make Bai Xiaochun pay with blood for the humiliation someday.

Even a certain group spontaneously formed in the North Bank, the Anti-Chun Alliance, dedicated solely to destroy Bai Xiaochun!

Zhang Fatso One’s name similarly spread all around thanks to the Heaven’s Chosen War. The seven refined treasures that Bai Xiaochun had pulled out in that last battle with Gui Ya had shaken many.

With Zhang Fatso One becoming the Purple Cauldron Mountain’s new Heaven’s Chosen, countless visitors swarmed, aiming to establish a friendship and have him spirit-refine something for them.

This brought great satisfaction to Zhang Fatso One, but he exercised restraint and didn’t refine for just anyone. That simply furthered the respect he received. Even Xu Meixiang herself called for him and asked some questions, giving her the shock of her life, especially after sensing the presence of the will inside Zhang Fatso One’s body.

In the end, Zhang Fatso One was forbidden from spirit-refining others’ treasures. She told him that unless he had spirit-refined one of Bai Xiaochun’s treasures five times, he shouldn’t spirit-refine others.

Although Zhang Fatso found that odd, he agreed.

“Spirit refinement is a mysterious art. Perhaps there is some sort of a connection between this Bai Xiaochun and Zhang Fatso One… Some things that complement one another before the final result...” Xu Meixiang thoughtfully watched Zhang Fatso One leave, deciding to not pressure him with too many questions. According to the Spirit River Sect’s rules, each disciple had their own fate, and one shouldn’t be lead by their greed; violating one of the sect’s core rules would result in a severe punishment, and furthermore, Bai Xiaochun’s status was abnormal. Even for her, she couldn’t do as she please without any difficulties.

The strength that kept the Spirit River Sect standing for ten thousand years and grow stronger and stronger was partially because of this iron rule.

A couple days later, Bai Xiaochun received the robe and identity token of an inner sect disciple. Under the guidance of Elder Xu, who was in charge of inner sect matters, Bai Xiaochun packed his stuff and left the courtyard he had resided in for many years.

Inner sect disciples could live in immortal’s caves with thick Qi in the air!

(ED note: the previously mentioned immortal's caves/dwellings will be changed to immortal’s caves from now on. )

The so-called immortal's caves were a whole different world, they were like a paradise! As the champion of the Heaven’s Chosen War, Bai Xiaochun could choose any immortal’s cave to live in, so naturally, he chose the best one available. Located at the back of the Scented Cloud Mountain, near the end of the mountain road, the immortal's cave was quiet and thick Qi filled the air.

There were five stone chambers within, illuminated by Night Pearls from above. In the hall, surprisingly, there was a small opening from which warm water flowed out, forming a small, tens of zhang in diameter hot spring pond. There were even some fishes befitting the pond, wandering around.

Although the immortal’s cave was simplistic, there was a refinement room, a room for closed-door cultivation, a spirit plant garden, and a technique-testing room. Basically, it was verything one could ask for.

Additionally, there were two puppets with the strength of fifth level Qi Condensation in order to assist Bai Xiaochun in his daily life. Every stone room of the residence also had formation arrays. The one in the great hall, upon activation, caused the cave’s ceiling to become transparent so one could see the sky filled with stars and the beautiful moon when night fell. The entire living space had a grand formation array, which, upon activation, would prove a challenge for even an early stage Foundation Establishment cultivator to break through in a short time!

It was an immortal’s cave completely satisfactory for even a Foundation Establishment cultivator, one of the best in the entire Scented Cloud Mountain.

Bai Xiaochun inspected it with satisfaction. In comparison, his old living quarters was simply too crude. He happily sent off Elder Xu who told him to go to pick a technique from Li Qinghou in the Spirit Pavilion in the inner sect.

Seeing that Elder Xu had left, Bai Xiaochun immediately stripped off his clothes and jumped into the spring. He groaned from the pleasure, the fishes would swim around and sometimes even nibble him gently. He felt as though there wasn’t much else one could ask for in life.

“Too bad Du Lingfei isn’t in the sect. Having a bath together here would’ve been nice.” Just as Bai Xiaochun pictured the scene, he thought suddenly of Hou Xiaomei, and a smile emerged on his face. He decided that he would find an opportunity to bring her here and gaze at the night sky and the stars from the hot spring.

I am a man with ambitions; I should get both Hou Xiaomei and Du Linfei to bathe in here.” As he thought about it, Bai Xiaochun realised that he had previously been too narrow-minded.

On the next day, Bai Xiaochun left the immortal's cave at dawn. As he walked down the mountain path, he noticed another immortal’s cave not too far from his.

The distance between the two immortal’s caves was but a few hundred zhang, practically neighbouring each other. Based on the activated formations, it seemed to be occupied so Bai Xiaochun curiously shot a couple more glances before going on his way.

Walking slowly, Bai Xiaochun had just walked half the road down the mountain peak. There weren’t many outer sect disciples around there, most of them were inner sect ones.

And there wasn’t many of them either, most were behind closed-door cultivation or out on missions. Even so, it didn’t stop Bai Xiaochun from clearing his throat, showing off. After a short silence, greetings to Senior Uncle Bai arrived.

Amidst all the ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ calls , Bai Xiaochun swaggered out in high spirits, walking to the Scented Cloud Mountain’s inner sect Spirit Pavilion. That was where the inner sect disciples picked techniques.

Each of the promoted disciple came to this part of the inner sect to try learning a new technique from the inner sect. Upon Bai Xiaochun’s arrival, the disciple in charge of the Spirit Pavilion rose to greet him, pleasing Bai Xiaochun even further. He took a moment to pat his shoulder before he went to pick one.

“Heaven-Earth Cleave?”

“Fire and Water Purge!”

“Ninth Heaven Decimating The Earth?”

After looking at the techniques for a long while, he grew confused. He didn’t know which to pick, all of them sounded powerful. Finally, he decided to heed Elder Xu’s words and chose the one Li Qinghou had suggested for him.

“Dragon-Elephant's Ocean Forming Scripture?” Picking up a jade slip, Bai Xiaochun urged his Qi inside, making him widen his eyes shortly after. The introduction of the Dragon-Elephant's Ocean Forming Scripture blew his mind.

“Man is shackled, both his cultivation and his physical body are chained by the source of life itself… This technique I created is for those of the Qi Condensation cultivation. Although it can not break the shackles, it will allow one to comprehend them!”

Taking in a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun was immediately reminded of the black-robed old man who had saved his life, introducing himself as Shou Lingren, and the words he spoke that day.

“The five volumes of the Unending, break through the five great shackles of life… The five volumes of Longevity, break through the great five shackles of eternity!”

Bai Xiaochun felt that these words were surprisingly similar to those of the Dragon-Elephant's Ocean Forming Scripture. After a careful look, Bai Xiaochun frowned as he discovered that this skill didn’t seem very powerful. It was inferior even to the ones Bai Xiaochun checked out earlier. It could, however, allow him to perfectly combine with the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique and even improve the success rate of reaching Foundation Establishment!

Bai Xiaochun had yearned for Foundation Establishment for many years now, and thinking about that, his heartbeat quickened.

There were three stages of this Dragon-Elephant's Ocean Forming Scripture, featuring the ninth level of Qi Condensation, the tenth level of Qi Condensation, and then finally… the Foundation Establishment!

If cultivated to its peak, the physical body would obtain the power of a dragon-elephant, the Qi within would expand into a boundless ocean! Most importantly, it provided a stable foundation for learning techniques after reaching Foundation Establishment, reducing the chance of one picking a wrong technique and wasting their time!

It could be said to be the extraordinary within the ordinary!

“I’ll pick this one!” Bai Xiaochun instantly made up his decision. Whether it was the introduction of the technique about the shackles or the increase of the success rate to Foundation Establishment… everything tugged at Bai Xiaochun’s heartstrings. With the the Dragon-Elephant's Ocean Forming Scripture in hand, he walked out the Spirit Pavilion and proceeded to his immortal cave.

As he neared it, he saw the door of the neighbouring immortal’s cave suddenly open as he was just passing in front of it. A woman’s silhouette appeared, but after noticing Bai Xiaochun, that silhouette hastily tried to go back inside, but it was too late.

“Eh? Xinqi, my niece!” Bai Xiaochun shouted out, pleasantly surprised. He was far from her during the Heaven’s Chosen War, so he didn’t get the chance to make her call him Senior Uncle Bai. Now that he realised Zhou Xinqi and him were neighbours, he was very happy.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st sponsored chapter from last week, special thanks to the anonymous donator!

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Nat, Bel, Sean

Edited by: Crimsonguard, MantouInv, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 - Revenge at the Door
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 99 - Revenge at the Door

Zhou Xinqi’s face turned ugly. Never would she have thought that the immortal cave Bai Xiaochun picked would be the one neighboring hers! Back in the outer sect, she had heard that he liked making people call him Senior Uncle Bai. The very thought made her uncomfortable, and so she avoided him ever since.

But right now, she had nowhere to run; she had been caught at her own doorway.

“...Senior Uncle Bai!” Sucking in a deep breath, she forced the words out softly, without even looking at Bai Xiaochun. She swiftly flew away on her blue damask as her long dress fluttered behind in the wind, almost like a fairy. This was also how she dealt with all those admirers in her daily life, and it had always been effective as such attitude distanced her from other people, making her unapproachable.

Bai Xiaochun, on the other hand, was very delighted. With his hands behind his back, he put on an expert’s appearance as he gazed at the disappearing Zhou Xinqi with with great satisfaction, seemingly unconcerned by her attitude. All he wanted was a simple ‘Senior Uncle Bai’ after all.

Not until Zhou Xinqi disappeared in the distance did Bai Xiaochun proceed to his immortal cave, completely satisfied. He felt that he had passed a milestone today. Inside the cave, he took out the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture and carefully inspected it once again. As he thought about that magical ability Gui Ya had used in the Heaven Chosen’s War that day, his expression turned solemn.

“That Gui Ya, what’s up with his cultivation to be so formidable… And those ghosts, he controlled them as though he was controlling beasts. If only I had a monstrous beast of my own.” As he went through that battle in his mind, a sudden idea flashed through his mind. He retrieved a wooden case from his storage pouch.

“Raising a beast … If I get an opportunity to visit the North Bank in the future, perhaps… obtaining a beast for myself isn't impossible, especially if I raise this beast on my own!” Thinking of the wonders that could be brought by raising a beast, Bai Xiaochun’s heart thumped loudly with excitement. Only a long while later did he manage to suppress his emotions and put the case back into the pouch.

After thinking for a while, he shook his head.

“Fighting and killing... I’m fed up with all that. I'd rather reach the peak of Qi Condensation so I can make my way into the Foundation Establishment faster!” With that thought in mind, Bai Xiaochun began cultivating in accordance with the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture.

Although the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture could perfectly be linked with the Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique, the cultivation method was still different. It wasn’t based on taking various poses, but on three specific images instead. The first one was an incomparably majestic and massive Ancient Elephant that seemed strong enough to split mountains and shake Heaven and Earth. The absolute physical strength caused Bai Xiaochun’s body to involuntarily shudder from a single glance. As though his body had some special connection to the image…

The second image depicted a Jade Dragon, most of its body hidden as it rolled within the misty clouds. As Bai Xiaochun looked at it, the image burnt itself into his mind, leaving a mark in his head. After which, not even one breath later, Bai Xiaochun’s mind rumbled. All of the Qi inside his body surged uncontrollably throughout his body and waves of piercing pain jolted Bai Xiaochun awake, drenching him in cold sweat.

“What the hell is this cultivation method!” Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun didn’t continue onto the third image, deciding instead to carefully study the incantations and details of the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture.

A moment later, Bai Xiaochun raised his head up, a thoughtful expression on his face, as though he had realised something.

“Visionary Thought Cultivation!” Bai Xiaochun mumbled to himself.

This type of cultivation is exceptionally mysterious. Visualising different images for the different stages as one used the method to cultivate oneself. One could imagine the mysterious power of Heaven and Earth contained in the three images, strong enough that a single look could affect the viewer’s body!

For a disciple that had just joined the sect, such cultivation method would be completely unsuitable; if one tried forcibly, they may even harm themselves. Only upon reaching the eighth level of Qi Condensation did one have sufficient spiritual strength to cultivate such a method.

Bai Xiaochun was deep in thought, he didn’t want to bite off more than what he could chew. When he glanced at the first image, it caused his body to shudder and blood began rushing through his blood vessels. A silver glow enveloped his body seemingly resonating with his Impenetrable Skin. Bai Xiaochun had the feeling that… this Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture could complement his Impenetrable Skin, increasing its power.

Time quickly flew by and half a month had passed. During this time, Bai Xiaochun occasionally lit the furnace in order to refine medicine. As he trained according to the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture and refined medicine, his cultivation gradually increased. As a result, his Impenetrable Skin’s colour gradually deepened, evidently improving.

At the same time, as he cultivated with the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture, he noticed his Purple Qi Cauldron Manipulation Technique had improved by leaps and bounds, despite not using it at all.

This phenomenon took Bai Xiaochun by surprise. However, after pondering about it, he finally grasped the answer.

“Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture, a support technique created to strengthen other techniques. Just like the introduction mentioning the shackles…” Deep in thought for a while, Bai Xiaochun raised his right hand and pointed in front of him. The empty space in front of him instantly distorted, and a huge purple cauldron materialised.

It was extremely realistic. Not only was it larger than before, the pressure it emitted too had increased considerably. Bai Xiaochun felt that the cauldron could dissipate with just a thought and revert back into Qi before flowing back to his body.

Making a mental command, the massive cauldron suddenly vanished and a swarm of Qi lunged at him, burrowing into his body and replenishing the Qi lost in using the magical ability.

Bai Xiaochun was instantly delighted. That ease of which the cauldron dissipated and the Qi returned marked the pinnacle of the Purple Qi Cauldron Melting Technique.

“With the help of this Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture, controlling people I once thought of might actually have some hope!” As Bai Xiaochun basked in delight, his expression suddenly flickered; he raised his head towards the immortal cave’s entrance, pointing a hand seal, the door blurred before it began rapidly turning transparent, exposing the world outside.

It was currently dusk, yet there were over a hundred silhouettes swarming towards him from the distance, the fastest group already was before his cave.

Among that group was a handsome youth, but his skin was pale and had bloodshot eyes. He seemed to be overtaken by insanity, to the point where a single touch could cause him to explode.

Bai Xiaochun recognized that youth, he was the North Bank’s disciple… Beihan Lie!

And the dozens of people around Beihan Lie actually all had cultivations higher than the ninth level, over ten of them even at the peak level of Qi Condensation! As for the hundred or so following behind them, all of them shockingly was at the ninth level of Qi Condensation!

The large man beside Beihan Lie was particularly intimidating. He was burly, as though he was a small mountain, and his face slightly resembled Beihan Lie’s. His long hair flurried in the wind as he stood there in an imposing silence. Bai Xiaochun was shocked!

The atmosphere around him wasn’t something a Qi Condensation cultivator could have! Although faint, there seemed to be an invisible vortex surrounding him, drawing the energy of Heaven and Earth and throughout his surroundings.

“Over a hundred… ninth and tenth level Qi Condensation inner sect disciples!” Bai Xiaochun stared wide-eyed, his scalp numb. Forming a hand seal, he instantly activated the immortal cave’s formation array.

These over a hundred people were all inner sect disciples of the North Bank, more precisely, the Setting Sun Peak’s. Today, they had come to take revenge for their junior disciple, Beihan Lie.

The gathering of all these people naturally attracted the attention of the Scented Cloud Mountain’s inner sect disciples immediately. Zhou Xinqi was the first to exit her residence and many of the other inner sect disciples hastily came out as well, surrounding the intruders. As that happened, someone immediately recognized the big man beside Beihan Lie and cried out in shock.

“A Qi Vortex, that’s… that’s beyond Qi Condensation, he’s extremely close to Foundation Establishment, it’s a sign that he is half-step into Foundation Establishment!”

“Setting Sun Peak’s top; the inner sect’s Heaven’s Chosen, Beihan Feng!”

Everyone rose into an uproar, their voices reaching Bai Xiaochun who was still inside his immortal cave thanks to the formation arrays. Upon hearing the commotion outside, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened even further.

“Fellow sect cultivators, the Heaven’s Chosen War has been won by the South Bank. We have no qualms about that, the North Bank even congratulates you for that. Today, we have come here for a matter which does not concern our North Bank and South Bank, but a personal matter concerning my Beihan Clan. This shameless and despicable Bai Xiaochun has humiliated my younger brother for his whole life, and I, as his elder brother, will not tolerate that insult!”

“Today’s visit is for my brother’s sake, I seek to have him answer for his actions!” As Beihan Feng’s words resounded out, he didn’t wait for any of the Scented Cloud Mountain disciples to react before he shot a death glare at Bai Xiaochun’s cave.

“Bai Xiaochun, get out here!”

Beihan Lie was beside his elder brother, with red eyes and a trace of tears within them. In his madness, he let out a hysterical scream directed at Bai Xiaochun’s residence.

“Bai Xiaochun, get out!”

Just after the two Beihan siblings yelled out, the deeply aggrieved voice of Bai Xiaochun arrived from within the immortal cave.

“Ah... you guys are being unreasonable. I told you at that time to concede, you can’t blame me for that. When that huge dog pounced on you, I even considered helping set you two apart…”

“Shut up! Bai Xiaochun, get out of here right now! The Beihan Clan will forever be your enemy!” Beihan Lie roared furiously, thinking that Bai Xiaochun intentionally rubbed salt on his wounds. In a crazed outburst, he charged and struck against Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave’s formation array, as though he wanted to vent his grievances on it.

Bai Xiaochun panicked for a moment, but when he realised that the formation array merely had a ripple appear on it and there was no sign of breaking apart, he calmed down and made a decision to definitely not go out. Looking at the enraged Beihan Lie, Bai Xiaochun sighed and tried to calm him down.

“Beihan Lie, it’s not a big deal. Think about it this way, now that you and that dog have such a close relationship, it may actually be a blessing in disguise! Perhaps your beast-taming techniques will improve because of that…” Bai Xiaochun genuinely wanted to console him, however, his words had the complete opposite effect as a roar exploded out of Beihan Lie’s throat.

Even Beihan Feng’s expression darkened. He stepped closer to Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave and struck it with his palm. Boom! The formation array shook, making Bai Xiaochun’s heart skip a beat.

“Stop!” At this moment, the surrounding Scented Cloud Mountain inner sect disciples couldn’t tolerate it any longer. Although they weren’t close to Bai Xiaochun, now that the Setting Sun Peak had launched an attack, they couldn’t just sit back and watch, or the Scented Cloud Mountain inner sect disciples would lose their face.

As the Scented Cloud Mountain inner sect disciples charged out, they were immediately intercepted by the hundred or so disciples the Beihan siblings had brought. They spread out, creating a blockade. There wasn’t any fighting, they just stopped the others from interrupting Beihan Feng.

Such a thing was already considered a dispute between two mountains and violated the sect rules. However, Beihan Feng didn’t care much for that at the moment. The Beihan Clan was an Honour clan, and as long as no one died, the punishment wouldn’t be too severe.

Clang! Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave formation array immediately distorted as the ripples grew larger, however, this immortal cave wasn’t ordinary. Bai Xiaochun calmed down from his initial panic, letting out a breath of relief after seeing nothing more happened.

But he was a kind-hearted person, feeling embarrassed, he attempted to calm them down once again.

“You can’t blame me for this… How about you cook that dog up and eat it. Eat it, and everyone will know that Beihan Lie is a fearsome man; anyone who dares pounce at him will end up as a meal instead... “ As he spoke, Bai Xiaochun felt that he had strayed from the topic… Just as he was about to go back on track, Beihan Lie spat out a mouthful of blood. With his hair in a disheveled mess, he let out an anguished cry as he furiously threw his head at the formation array.

The scene caused fear to spread in Bai Xiaochun’s heart.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd sponsored chapter from last week. Again, special thanks to the anonymous sponsor. As for the reason behind the extreme delays, there were so many new terms and we had a hard time fixing it, especially the old terms which had become inconsistent. We’re still fixing stuff, and we’ll be updating all those new changes soon. As for the updates, it should be returning to normal this week. Sorry, really, for the massive delays.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 - Are You Still Not Going To Acknowledge Your Mistakes To Your Senior Uncle Bai?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 100 - Are You Still Not Going To Acknowledge Your Mistakes To Your Senior Uncle Bai?

Bai Xiaochun felt even more wronged. He had already realised that whenever he tried to explain himself, it would somehow end up backfiring.

This wasn’t his intention; he didn’t want this to happen…

Beihan Lie’s elder brother, Beihan Feng, was similarly enraged by Bai Xiaochun’s explanation. After taking a deep breath, black light began to burst out from his right hand, and in the blink of an eye, a black crescent moon appeared on his palm.

It was like the moon after sunset, except this black-coloured moon emitted waves of terrifying energy which could make one’s mind shudder. The moon pressed on towards Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave’s formation array.

A loud bang rang out. The whole immortal cave trembled a couple times; many ripples began appearing outside the immortal cave’s formation array. There were even hints of cracks appearing in many different places, but ultimately… the formation array didn’t crumble and even repaired itself to its normal condition in the blink of an eye.

Even Beihan Feng sucked in a deep breath at this scene. The might of this immortal cave’s formation array would be a big headache. He gnashed his teeth and prepared to continue attacking.

But suddenly, a cold snort resounded out from the distant sky.

“Beihan Feng… What are you doing?! Are you still not going to stop?!” This voice was like a muffled thunder that exploded right beside Beihan Feng. As the sound spread, Beihan Lie was similarly jolted out of his crazed state as he trembled in fear and hurriedly backed away.

The colour on the Setting Sun Peak inner sect disciples’ faces began to drain, and they too backed away, stopping their attacks and raising their heads to the sky. Six long rainbows became more and more vivid as they arrived in a split second from the distant Zhong Dao Mountain.

The roar came from a middle-aged man wearing a long black-coloured robe. A glowering look was plastered on his square face, his whole body emitting a dangerous aura.

“Master…” Beihan Lie and Beihan Feng’s minds were shaken by this middle-aged man’s enraged bellow as they quickly paid their respects to him. The Setting Sun Peak inner sect disciples around them were similarly shuddering as they bowed their heads in unison.

“We pay our respects to the Ancestor!”

This middle-aged man was precisely Beihan Lie’s master and the Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor who had shot a ferocious glare at Bai Xiaochun before carrying Beihan Lie away during the Heaven Chosen’s War.

“Good-for-nothings, you’re standing out like sore thumbs! Are you still not leaving? This old man shall deal with you later!”

“Subsequently, once you go back, all of you are to train in seclusion for three years as punishment!” The middle-aged man furiously roare. The Beihan siblings minds shuddered. They weren't quite sure what was going on. Although they had broken the sect rules by coming here, their Master had always treated them kindly, and he shouldn't have been so angry. After all, their Master too had been furious at Bai Xiaochun that day.

The younger of the two brothers, Beihan Lie, felt that something must have happened and it was far from good. He became nervous and cautiously glanced at his Master in the sky while backing away. What he saw made his scalp tingle; the rest of the three mountain's North Bank Ancestors were standing beside the Setting Sun Mountain’s Ancestor with sour expressions.

Beside the four North Bank Ancestors, the Sect Head, Zheng Yuandong, was also present. Furthermore, there was yet another person. He was looking down with an indifferent expression, as though the dispute that had occurred between the disciples down below didn’t bother him at all. He was… the Scented Cloud Mountain’s Ancestor, Li Qinghou.

The Setting Sun Peak disciples weren't the only ones that felt that this situation was taking a turn for the worse. The the Scented Cloud Mountain inner sect disciples too were surprised, thinking that this scene was somewhat strange… One should know that the North Bank had been pretty arrogant in the past. Events such as today's had happened countless times before. The North Bank was always the one who turned big problems into small, and small problems into nothing every single time.

Angry scoldings like today's were extremely rare.

Even Bai Xiaochun in the immortal cave was startled for a moment before he curiously surveyed everyone outside the immortal cave.

The four North Bank mountain's Ancestors glanced at one another in mid-air. The old woman from the Iridaceae Peak coughed dryly and looked towards Li Qinghou.

“Ancestor Li, according to our previous discussion, look…”

“If the accident that happened just now hadn't occurred, I would've agreed with it. Now things are difficult for me as well. It'd be best if you discuss it among yourselves.” Li Qinghou shook his head and spoke lightly. His gaze swept across Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave down below with a hint of a smile in his eyes.

“This…” The old woman from the Iridaceae Peak hesitated for a moment and looked towards the middle-aged man from the Setting Sun Peak, feeling a light headache. The Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor let out a deep sigh. He knew that his disciples were the ones who had caused trouble and understood that he alone could solve it. Thus, he put a smile on his face and directed his gaze towards Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave.

“Junior Brother Xiaochun…” Once these three words left his mouth, he felt extremely awkward as discomfort spread through his whole body. But he had no other choice. After the discussion held between the North Bank’s four mountains, they all extremely valued Bai Xiaochun’s Aphrodisiac Pill. They had even inspected the war beasts and concluded that even those with a first rank bloodline would be affected.

This caused an uproar among them. To the North Bank, such a medicine pill would be sacred. One should know that there were far too many mighty war beasts that had difficulties leaving offspring due to various circumstances. Especially the first rank bloodline war beasts that usually went into heat only once every tens of centuries. That was one of the problems that had troubled to the North Bank for many years now.

Especially with the pressing matter of one of the two Setting Sun Peak’s sacred beasts, the Blue Eyes Nether Moon Monkey, was about to die from old age soon without leaving an offspring to inherit its bloodline.

But it seemed that Bai Xiaochun’s medicine pill defied the Heavens' will. This caused the four North Bank Ancestors to steel their determination and obtain the pill recipe. Only after rummaging through countless data but still failing to find any information related to the medicine pill did they force themselves to inquire whether that was… Bai Xiaochun’s personally-created medicine pill!

Only after that did they look for the Sect Head and Li Qinghou in order to procure the medicine pill.

If it had been any other disciple, even if they were to be an inner sect disciple, so long as the Ancestors said the word, the matter would be very simple. The Ancestors had many ways to make a disciple obediently hand over a pill recipe. But Bai Xiaochun was different… He was an Honourable Disciple as well as the Sect Head’s Junior Brother. With such a status, the Ancestors could only think of how to exchange the pill recipe and were unable to use other means to get a hold of it.

\

They even needed Bai Xiaochun’s agreement and couldn't force him to hand it over… Originally under the Sect Head’s mediation, they had already agreed on some terms with Li Qinghou, but before they could finish their discussion, word that the Setting Sun Peak disciples had went to cause trouble for Bai Xiaochun arrived. Naturally, the four North Bank Ancestors were immediately enraged.

They feared that the Setting Sun disciples had behaved inappropriately and had offended Bai Xiaochun, causing further difficulties in the exchange for the medicine pill recipe.

And that lead to the current scene of the Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor angrily scolding those disciples just now.

“Junior Brother Xiaochun, please come out to talk.” The Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor was trying his best to squeeze out an affable look. Even his voice had greatly softened. As soon as the words left his mouth, the surrounding Setting Sun Peak disciples shuddered. The two brothers, Beihan Lie and Beihan Feng, even more so, staring wide-eyed, feeling dumb as a wooden chicken.

Inside the immortal cave, Bai Xiaochun rolled his eyes as he looked with astonishment at the scene outside. He felt that something was definitely amiss, but seeing Li Qinghou’s gaze made him thought deeply. Even though he didn't know what had happened, countless speculations spun inside his heart.

“Those disciples of yours were too fierce and wanted to beat me to death. I almost lost this feeble life of mine. I dare not to go outside…” As Bai Xiaochun was thinking about this matter, his aggrieved voice sounded out.

He spoke with a weak and pitiful voice, and once his words sounded out, Beihan Feng felt a chill crawl up his back. The expressions of the surrounding Setting Sun Peak disciples similarly paled. They had just witnessed the importance the four North Bank Ancestors placed on Bai Xiaochun, it was as though they were trying to please him. And now, with Bai Xiaochun speaking in this manner, they could already imagine their fates.

Li Qinghou and Zheng Yuandong’s cheeks twitched slightly and the Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor suddenly turned his head around and fiercely glared at the Setting Sun Peak disciples, letting out a low roar.

“Are you still not going to acknowledge your mistakes to your Senior Uncle Bai!”

Each and every Setting Sun Peak disciple had a sullen look on their face as they quickly cupped their fists towards the immortal cave, apologising.

Beihan Lie’s heart was filled with bitterness and indignation and wanted to resist. But under his Master’s stern gaze, he aggrievedly bowed his head and cupped his fist towards the the immortal cave.

“Senior Uncle Bai… I… I… I was in the wrong!”

Beihan Feng remained silent as he raised his head in refusal and looked at his Master. But after noticing his Master’s gaze get even sharper, he trembled slightly as veins bulged out on his forehead, but in the end, he still cupped his fist and apologised.

His whole body trembled and the gaze he directed towards the immortal cave overflowed with fury.

“Junior Brother Xiaochun, is this enough?” The Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor quickly spoke, trying his best to make himself slightly more affable.

After a long time, a crack appeared on the immortal cave formation array. Bai Xiaochun’s head popped out and he quickly inspected his surroundings before clearing his throat and swaggering out. He lifted his small chin up, assuming an arrogant appearance.

“Forget it, forget it. As their senior, I shouldn’t be bickering with these Nephews.” Bai Xiaochun flourished his small sleeve in a magnanimous manner.

Beihan Lie stood in front of him, his eyes were bloodshot and his whole body was trembling. He wanted to go up to Bai Xiaochun and punch him in the face, but he didn't dare to do it. His elder brother, Beihan Feng, also felt as though Heaven and Earth had flipped around and the need to suppress his emotions was driving him crazy.

The duo’s gazes angered Bai Xiaochun and he viciously glared in their direction and secretly thought in his heart, "Who's afraid of whom? When it comes to a stare down, I, Bai Xiaochun, have never been afraid of others in this lifetime.

“Xiaochun, that medicine pill of yours that causes war beasts to… go into heat, is it your own creation?” Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor took a deep breath and asked in a soft voice.

As soon as the words left his mouth, the old woman and the other two North Bank Ancestors all looked at Bai Xiaochun with an expectant look in their eyes. Both Beihan brothers only felt a droning sound in their minds as they finally understood the Ancestors' behaviour. The bitterness the duo felt only caused them to detest Bai Xiaochun even more.

Bai Xiaochun blinked as he immediately figured out what lie in the heart of all this. He stuck his chest out and raised his head, nodding arrogantly.

“That is right. That great pill medicine is truly my, Bai Xiaochun’s, own secret creation. I alone can refine it!”

The four North Bank Ancestors rejoiced in their hearts although their expression did not reveal too much. The middle-aged man from the Setting Sun Peak smiled lightly and nodded his head as he spoke.

“Junior Brother Xiaochun is so young and can already create a pill recipe of his own. He is truly worthy of being called a Heaven’s Chosen. The pill recipe for that medicine pill is of great importance to our Spirit River Sect. This old man is offering you a hundred thousand Contribution Points in exchange for your pill recipe, how about that? Junior Brother Xiaochun, handing the pill recipe over to the sect is a great service to the whole sect. As an Honourable Disciple, the sect is your home.” The middle-aged man from the Setting Sun Mountain said in a slow and tempting manner.

“Alright!” Bai Xiaochun immediately said with an expression that suggested he would go through water and thread on fire for the sake of the sect. The four North Bank Ancestors were pleasantly surprised as he even directly started recounting the pill recipe.

“The pill medicines are the Ming Jue Seed, the Bodhisattva Wood Flower, the Winter Spirit Bamboo and also… Eh, what else is there? How come I can't recall it? Perhaps I forgot it after being frightened just now?” Bai Xiaochun furrowed his eyebrows with a puzzled expression.

A smile tugged at the corner of Li Qinghou's mouth and Zheng Yuandong felt helpless. The four North Bank Ancestors’s expressions had turned ugly. How could they not see the reason behind Bai Xiaochun’s words? They smiled wryly as the Setting Sun Peak’s Ancestor clenched his teeth and glared towards the Setting Sun Peak disciples down below.

Under his sweeping gaze, the Setting Sun Peak disciples, including the Beihan siblings, trembled.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week. 100 chapterssssss… Breached! One more later!

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 - The Water Nation Technique and the Magnetic Yuan Wings!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 101 - The Water Nation Technique and The Magnetic Yuan Wings.

The Setting Sun Mountain’s Ancestor snorted and flourished his right sleeve and an immense force exploded. The bodies of the Setting Sun Mountain disciples jerked down as though mountains suddenly weighed upon them. Their continuous cries echoed out.

Especially Beihan Lie and his brother, under the powerful pressure, their appearances were miserable as the Qi inside their body was roiled. The hatred for Bai Xiaochun in their hearts only grew stronger, but they dared not expose it.

“When we get back to the North Bank, everyone is to go into seclusion for ten years without going out!” Even though the Ancestor of the Setting Sun Mountain punished them, they were still the disciples of the Setting Sun Mountain. He seemed very strict, but in fact, he was also protecting them. As he spoke, he flourished his large sleeve and a gale swept all the Setting Sun Mountain disciples together and sent them to a distant place.

After doing this, he once again looked at Bai Xiaochun, forcing out a smile as he spoke.

“Xiaochun, can you remember it now?”

Bai Xiaochun knew that he couldn't be excessive; he conducted himself well, careful to not cross the line. He knew that the current result was the best that he could get. He cleared his throat, satisfied by the words.

“Haha, we brothers don’t have to act like this. I, Bai Xiaochun, am an Honourable Disciple, and the Sect Head’s Junior Brother. Even though these nephews caused some trouble, how could I lower myself to their level. They are just a bunch of mischievous children.” Bai Xiaochun acted as though the rest were his peers. The Setting Sun Mountain’s Ancestor smiled bitterly in his heart. Zheng Yuandong beside him coughed dryly, secretly regretting the decision he made back then.

Bai Xiaochun pretended not to notice and patted his chest to hide his satisfaction. He was just about to finish telling them the rest of the pill recipe.

Suddenly, Li Qinghou cleared his throat.

“For a Medicine Master, original recipes of spirit medicine are extremely precious. If the North Bank wants the pill recipe, what are you willing to exchange for it?”

Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes and remained quiet as he impatiently stared at the four North Bank Ancestors.

The four North Bank Ancestors glanced at one another before the old woman from the Iridaceae Mountain took a pearl out from her sleeve.

This pearl was green in colour, and inside it, a lump of Qi seemed to be floating around. Bursts of magnetic force even spread into the air, undulations spreading in circles around it.

“This is a Magnetic Yuan Pearl, the nucleus of a Magnetic Yuan Giant. It possesses one strand of Magnetic Yuan Force. By using this alone, you can affect all magic treasures within a certain range. For Foundation Establishment cultivators, this is a good treasure. For Qi Condensation cultivators, there may be some difficulties to fully utilise it, but within the Heaven’s Edge Pavilion, there is a pair of Magnetic Spirit Wings, and when you combine them together, it can become the trump card of a Qi Condensation cultivator. With its speed, even if a Foundation Establishment cultivator is chasing after you, this will give him a headache!”

“Bai Xiaochun, you are the winner of the Heaven’s Chosen War, and you have the qualifications to enter the Heaven’s Chosen Pavilion once and pick a treasure. I have already brought the Magnetic Spirit Wings for you. I will trade you this pearl for the pill recipe!” While the old woman was talking, she waved her right hand and a pair of green-coloured wings appeared in her hands. The wings and the pearl both flew towards Bai Xiaochun and hovered before of him.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone. Although his speed was good, it wasn't enough if a Foundation Establishment cultivator seriously chased after him. Now, as he looked at the Magnetic Yuan Pearl and Magnetic Spirit Wings before him, he immediately felt that when these two treasures worked as one, they could truly explode out with an astonishing speed and truly be a life-saving treasure. His heart thumped loudly.

“Furthermore, if you have enough luck, maybe you could even sense Magnetic Yuan Force, and comprehend one of our Spirit River Sect’s ten greatest secret technique, Secret Technique of Attraction and Repulsion!” The old woman said softly with a sly smile.

Bai Xiaochun licked his lips. He was about to agree, but he restrained himself and glanced at Li Qinghou, awaiting his decision. Bai Xiaochun already treated Li Qinghou as a close relative, and in a situation like this, he would adhere to Li Qinghou's opinion. Even if Li Qinghou wanted him to give away the pill recipe, it would be no big deal to Bai Xiaochun.

It was just a pill recipe, after all. For the North Bank, it was priceless. As for him, his storage pouch was filled with plenty of those strange pills with unknown effects. At this moment, he made his mind to try out each and every last one of those strange pills. Perhaps, there may be a pill hiding inside with a wondrous effect.

Li Qinghou swept his glance across the Magnetic Yuan Pearl and Magnetic Spirit Wings and then looked again at the four North Bank Ancestors before finally resting his eyes on the old woman. A flash flickered in his eyes as he opened his mouth.

“In addition to one of the ten great secret techniques, the technique passed down in your North Bank...the Water Nation Technique!”

The moment Li Qinghou spoke his words, Sect Head Zheng Yuandong’s eyes twitched a bit.

“No way!” The Ancestor of the Setting Sun Peak immediately flew into a rage after hearing Li Qinghou's words. He wasn't the only one, the elderly Ancestor of the Sky Mountain widened his eyes too.

“Black-hearted Li, don’t go too far! This Water Nation Technique is the secret technique passed down in our North Bank and is also on par with the top secret technique of the Spirit River Sect, the Nightwalker technique. We absolutely cannot give this technique to the South Bank!

As Bai Xiaochun watched this scene unfold, he was taken aback when the Ancestor of the Sky Mountain called Li Qinghou 'Black-hearted Li'.

“Laughable. One thousand years ago, the Nightwalker Technique was the technique passed down in the Purple Cauldron Mountain, and didn’t the North Bank obtain it through a trade as well? Then why can’t the South Bank exchange for your secret technique!” Li Qinghou flourished his sleeve and coldly spoke.

The North Bank Ancestors were rendered speechless.

The Ancestor of the Ghost Tooth Peak was a figure that was somewhat indistinct. His appearance was also indistinct, and at the moment, he was the one who let out a sigh.

“The Nightwalker technique is suitable for our Ghost Tooth Mountain, that’s all. This happened a long time ago, don’t bring that up. It’s just that in our North Bank’s history, beside the Sky Wing Forefather from eight thousand years ago, even though there were some people who practiced this technique, all they formed in the end was a useless Spirit. This secret technique is very difficult to cultivate, so why do you make things difficult for us, Ancestor Li?”

“If you don’t want to give us the Water Nation Technique, we won’t give you the pill recipe.” Li Qinghou resolutely said.

Bai Xiaochun below was looking at the people above arguing about the Water Nation Technique, astonished from the bottom of his heart. Actually, he felt the previous offer was pretty good, and even though he was curious about the Water Nation Technique in his heart, he treaded carefully. But at the same time, he had gained a new understanding of Li Qinghou. Perhaps Li Qinghou wasn't that righteous in his daily life, and was instead a role model for blackmailing? Could that be the reason why he was called Black-hearted Li?

Thinking about this, adoration surfaced in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes as he looked at Li Qinghou.

The four North Bank Ancestors pondered among themselves. After a long time, they still chose to agree. After all, even though passing down inherited secret techniques were important, the spirit medicine in front of their eyes was even more precious.

After Li Qinghou’s signal, Bai Xiaochun hurriedly told them the full recipe of the Aphrodisiac Pill and its peculiarities. The Ancestors in that area had already sealed the whole area, so only a few people could hear Bai Xiaochun’s pill recipe.

After receiving the pill recipe, the four North Bank Ancestors took a few moments to study the recipe before, one by one, they nodded. A blue jade slip flew out of the hands of the old woman from the Iridaceae Mountain, straight at Bai Xiaochun.

“Water Nation Technique, one of the ten great secret techniques. This technique requires you to observe all sorts of creatures, forming the Spirit of Life, creating something out of nothing, forming water, descending into the world to form a nation.

“In the ten thousand years of the Spirit River Sect, except for the Sky Wing Forefather back then who managed to form a Sky Winged Beast, although there were disciples with extraordinary talent who managed to cultivate this technique, the Spirit of Life that they formed were all ordinary ones.”

“The type of the Spirit of Life formed by this technique is determined by the practitioner's temperament and his understanding of Spirit Beasts. If a hundred people cultivated the Water Nation Technique, there would be a hundred different Spirits of Life. They could be strong, or they could be weak. While the Sky Wing Forefather formed an incredibly powerful Sky Winged Beast, others formed rabbits, snakes, or even bugs.”

“Bai Xiaochun, although you are a disciple of the South Bank, and the North Bank is competing with the South Bank, in the end, we are one big family. I hope you can successfully cultivate this technique and create a Spirit of Life that suits you.” The old woman looked at Bai Xiaochun as she slowly spoke. Even though she said this, neither she, nor the other three Ancestors believed that Bai Xiaochun could cultivate the Water Nation Technique and have much success.

Because to successfully cultivate this Water Nation Technique, one would have to observe countless Spirit Beasts, and there weren’t any in the South Bank.

After the trade was successfully completed, the four North Bank Ancestors and Zheng Yuandong left, leaving only Li Qinghou behind. When looking at Bai Xiaochun, kindness hid behind his gaze, yet he still appeared strict.

He reprimanded Bai Xiaochun, telling him to not become arrogant after obtaining the first place in the Heaven’s Chosen War. He also gave him some pointers in cultivation regarding some things Bai Xiaochun couldn’t understand, and finally, he taught him some special methods of using the bracelet and the Magnetic Yuan Pearl, giving him detailed instructions.

“The Magnetic Yuan Pearl and Magnetic Spirit Wings are of great value to you. You have to familiarise yourself with them. And that Water Nation Technique is more profound than our Scented Cloud Mountain’s Plants As Soldiers, and the Dragon-Elephant’s Forming Ocean Scripture. That technique was what caused our Spirit River Sect to rise from the lower part of the Tongtian River. They were created by the Founder. You have to study them thoroughly so when I pass the Plant Soldiers technique on to you someday in the future, the effects would be even better with the actuation of the scripture.” Li Qinghou urged him again before he left.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was moved, and he deeply bowed as he cupped his fist to Li Qinghou. Without holding back, he asked him a question.

“Uncle Li, that...why did they call you Black-hearted Li? That’s too excessive!” Bai Xiaochun curiously looked at Li Qinghou.

“This is us adults’ business. You needn't be concerned with it. You just have to remember that in our generation of Medicine Masters, medicine recipes are extremely precious. You can't easily give them away to other people!” After saying this, Li Qinghou turned around and left.

Bai Xiaochun was deep in thought, the admiration in his eyes growing even stronger. He felt that perhaps Li Qinghou’s medicine pills had given many people a headache...

After sending off Li Qinghou, he returned to his immortal cave. Thinking about what Li Qinghou had said regarding the history of the Dragon-Elephant’s Forming Ocean Scripture, admiration for the Founder filled his heart.

“In the introduction, the Founder mentions 'shackles', but in the end, what are the shackles?” Bai Xiaochun pondered for a moment, and although he had vague ideas, he couldn't confirm anything. Shaking his head, he left the matter for another time. He directed his attention to the Magnetic Yuan Pearl in his hands, and following Li Qinghou’s instructions, he swallowed it.

When the pearl entered his body, it turned into a lump of Qi and merged with Bai Xiaochun’s body. It circled around his dantian without causing any discomfort. Bai Xiaochun observed his inner body and noticed that it seemed to have become somewhat lighter. Circulating his Qi, he suddenly realised that his senses had become sharper than before, as though he had formed some strange connection with the Heaven and Earth.

Bai Xiaochun felt some mysterious connection as he picked up the Magnetic Spirit Wings. This pair of green wings was as thin as a cicada’s wings, and were almost transparent. Bai Xiaochun opened his mouth and spat out some Spirit Qi, refining the pair of wings immediately. After an incense stick’s worth of time, his eyes flashed open, and the Magnetic Spirit Wings in his hands disappeared before it reappeared on his back.

Just like blood dissolving in water, it was as though the Magnetic Spirit Wings became a part of his own body. He could freely control them like his arm, and with a thought the wings on his back suddenly spread out.

In an instant, Bai Xiaochun’s body transformed into a blur, flying forward, straight for a rock wall. Panicking, Bai Xiaochun let out a scream and hurried to stop. But because he couldn’t control the wings well yet, his body still smashed into the rock wall.

Boom! The whole immortal cave shook. Fortunately, because Bai Xiaochun’s body was so tough, in this collision, he had merely lodged himself into the rock wall. After quite some time, he fell out with a plop, howling miserably.

Bai Xiaochun grimaced in pain. After he climbed out, fear lingered inside him as he looked at the hole in the rock wall. He didn't dare to try again in the cave. After leaving the cave, he gathered his courage again and spread the wings on his back, instantly flying off into the distance.

Many days later, Bai Xiaochun had familiarised himself with the explosive speed of the wings. His heart was in rapture as he felt as though he was unparalleled under the heavens.

“Haha, I, Bai Xiaochun, have such fast speed, Elder Zhou can only dream to catch me!” Bai Xiaochun looked at the sky and laughed heartily. His body shot into the air where he made a circle before returning back to the immortal cave.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translator:Sean

Editor: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 - I Want To Contribute To The Sect
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 103 - I Want To Contribute To The Sect!

There weren’t many Spirit River Sect disciples on the overgrown mountain range, only about ten or so. After all, although rare, there were still some dangerous Foundation Establishment beasts.

Therefore, only those who believed themselves to be truly powerful would come to this place.

Due to Bai Xiaochun’s loud shouts, all nearby disciples would hear his voice. Most of them adhered to Bai Xiaochun’s advice and left, holding the compensation Bai Xiaochun had given them as an apology. However, there were still two or three naturally cold-hearted people. With disdain on their faces, they treated what they thought to be cries for help with contempt. They completely ignored Bai Xiaochun’s shouts, pretending not to hear them. Even thoughts of taking the storage pouch of the crier emerged, without necessarily waiting for him to perish.

They were wandering about as usual at the beginning, unaware of the changes. But they soon realised that there was something amiss with the monstrous beasts. Everything, down to their very habits, had suddenly become berserk.

Shangguan Tianyou was also on the overgrown mountain range and had similarly heard Bai Xiaochun’s shouts. His gaze flashed briefly, but he didn’t pay further attention to it. The mission that he had accepted was the same as Bai Xiaochun’s, so he was searching for Parasitic Exterminating Beasts. The current him was very apprehensive. He had just seen a huge bear, comparable to the sixth Qi Condensation level, that hugged a big tree and continuously rammed against it…

This wasn’t the first time he had seen such a scene. Along the way, he had also seen a rabbit that even dared to attack him with a crazed look in its eyes. He felt the scene was somewhat familiar as his scalp tingled.

“Something’s not right. Could some misfortune befallen this overgrown mountain range?!” Shangguan Tianyou took a deep breath as he immediately thought of Bai Xiaochun’s Aphrodisiac Pill and his entire being suddenly shuddered.

Currently, there were already more than thirty Parasitic Exterminating Beast cores inside Bai Xiaochun’s storage pouch. He was still excitedly spreading the Aphrodisiac Pill’s powder until half a month later, Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised to find a huge wind gap where the mountain range intersected in a shape resembling the figure eight ( 八 ).

It seemed as though the surrounding wind would all funnel there and then spread over half of the overgrown mountain range. The wind’s speed was high, and based on Bai Xiaochun’s estimation, the wind could spread over half the overgrown mountain range within three days. With the wind gap below him, Bai Xiaochun needed to use a large amount of his strength just to prevent his body from being blown away. As such, he didn’t approach it any further.

His hair was dancing in the wind, and as he looked at the wind gap from above, excitement immediately filled him.

“This is the perfect place to scatter my Aphrodisiac Pills! Moreover, there ought to be no more fellow sect disciples in this mountain range by now, so I can reap the benefits without worry!” Bai Xiaochun was exhilarated. In order to not bring calamity upon his fellow sect disciples, he had already given away more than ten cores. But he wasn’t particularly concerned with that. After all, he was sure he could obtain much more cores as though he could see countless Contribution Points flying straight into his pouch.

He took a deep breath and immediately took out all of the remaining Aphrodisiac Pills. After crushing them to pieces, he scattered them towards the wind gap. The crushed Aphrodisiac Pills were immediately carried away by the wind from the wind gap, spiralling ahead as they spread over half the overgrown mountain range.

Bai Xiaochun stood proudly atop the mountain peak, gazing down upon the forested land as the feeling of being an expert swept over him.

“For I, Bai Xiaochun, to benefit from this overgrown mountain range, is not easy at all. Thinking about it, in many years from now, there would be much more monstrous beasts in this mountain range… all thanks to my contribution.”

As he basked in his emotions, a roar suddenly sounded from the forest close by. Shortly after, countless more roars continuously filled the air and very quickly… those roars spread farther and farther away. A day later, in over double the previous area of the overgrown mountain range… one could hear ferocious roars. Three days later… half the overgrown mountain range was already in a frenzy!

After half the overgrown mountain range was already in a frenzy, Bai Xiaochun quickly flew out and threw out most of his Female Fragrance Pills over even intervals. After attracting all the monstrous beasts to this area, he would then harvest the Parasitic Exterminating Beasts’ cores.

He was very satisfied. Not only from harvesting the cores, but from contributing to the whole overgrown mountain range. Especially after he saw the monstrous beasts go into heat and eventually pounce one another, his sense of contribution grew even larger.

“I am a good person. All of the monstrous beasts in this mountain range should be grateful to me in the future.” Bai Xiaochun quickly flew as he threw down even more Female Fragrance Pills.

The few disciples in the mountain range that had previously ignored Bai Xiaochun’s shouts were now staring, their eyes wide and mouths hanging, as the monstrous beasts all around them were overcome with insanity. Especially after the monstrous beasts began pouncing on one another… everyone sucked in a deep breath.

“This… What is going on!”

“This scene… seems somewhat familiar…” Those few disciples were all aghast and filled with apprehension. Every single one of them hurriedly made their escape, wanting to leave this place as soon as possible.

“Bai Xiaochun!” Shangguan Tianyou similarly gave up on killing the monstrous beasts and quickly dashed far away. He felt it would be too horrifying to stay in this place. Especially after the scene with Beihan Lie surfacing in his mind, Shangguan Tianyou’s face paled and his entire body had shook uncontrollably.

However, almost all of them were already in the depths of the overgrown mountain range and leaving wouldn’t be easy. Especially now that the monstrous beasts on half the overgrown mountain range had gone crazy, it had become even more difficult…

Bai Xiaochun cheerfully flew from above, occasionally throwing down an Aphrodisiac Pill, and after gathering a large amount of monstrous beasts, he would harvest the cores. Two weeks later, he left the overgrown mountain range, there were already near two hundred Parasitic Exterminating Beast cores inside his storage pouch.

Bai Xiaochun left the overgrown mountain range content and headed straight for the sect.

Not until several days after Bai Xiaochun had left did Shangguan Tianyou and the others gradually come out. They all had miserable expressions on their faces. All of them had a sorry figure, hair dishevelled and dull eyes. When they walked out of the mountain range, they looked up at the skies and let out anguished cries.

As for what exactly had happened to them in this mountain rage… it would eternally remain a mystery.

Bai Xiaochun galloped the whole way before arriving at the sect with trepidation. He quickly went to the Mission Monument. When the disciples in the Mission Monument saw Bai Xiaochun actually take out 200 inner cores of Parasitic Exterminating Beast, their eyeballs nearly popped out. They could simply not believe this. By the time they had carefully examined each and every one of them, whenever they looked towards Bai Xiaochun, it was already filled with an expression of terror and astonishment.

He had been been at this Mission Monument for many years, and the Parasitic Exterminating Beast mission frequently appeared. But one would return with a couple tens of cores at most, and that was after spending a whole year.

However, Bai Xiaochun had only went to the overgrown mountain range for a few months, and now that he’s back, he had actually obtained so many.

“He is undoubtedly Bai Xiaochun, the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, Honourable Disciple, Heaven’s Chosen War’s best…” These inner sect disciples inhaled deeply, with strong and profound respect for Bai Xiaochun. After Bai Xiaochun checked in, he had procured nearly two hundred thousand Contribution Points. He tried his best to appear indifferent, but he couldn’t truly conceal his self-satisfaction.

This matter caused a sensation in the South Bank. No one could believe that he had gotten two hundred thousand Contribution Points at once. However, after the disciples Bai Xiaochun had persuaded to leave explained the reason with wry smiles, any inner sect disciple among the three South Bank peaks would feel their mind shiver when they looked at Bai Xiaochun.

“What a fearsome person!”

“That’s crazy, he actually scattered Aphrodisiac Pills over half the overgrown mountain range!”

“Going there anytime soon would be disastrous…”

Amidst those discussions, Shangguan Tianyou and a few other sorry disciple figures arrived one after the other. Shangguan Tianyou himself was aware that Bai Xiaochun was the cause and was in a somewhat better condition than the rest. But the few other people who had just realised it, let out anguished roars and nearly coughed out blood. But they couldn’t blame Bai Xiaochun, after all… they had all heard Bai Xiaochun’s loud shouts. They could now only feel regret in the bottom of their hearts; if they had responded before, perhaps they wouldn’t have ended up so miserable.

Due to Bai Xiaochun’s large harvest in this mission, his interest had been sparked. Ever since then, his figure frequently appeared in the Mission Monument, and every time, he would choose similar object-retrieving missions involving monstrous beasts.

It was as if he was addicted to it. Every time he accepted a mission, he would first refine some medicine pills, then immediately set off. And every time… he would drive a few disciples crazy. Regardless of whether they were participating in missions or not, they would be enraged because as long as Bai Xiaochun had went somewhere before, others wouldn’t even think of going there anytime soon.

It was too dangerous…

The Cloud Mountain Range, Cold Forest Mountain Range, Scenic Peak Mountain Range and Primary East Mountain Range…

Over the following year, Bai Xiaochun had transformed into the Mad Mission Devil as he swept through all of the Mission Monument’s missions related to monstrous beasts. His harvest would always be huge and cause a sensation at the Mission Monument. But at the same time, some inner sect disciples would be enraged.

After the Scented Cloud Mountain ran out of missions related to monstrous beasts, Bai Xiaochun went to the Green Peak Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain to snatch the missions related to monstrous beasts. This allowed all of the Purple Cauldron Mountain and Green Peak Mountain disciples to understand exactly why he was called the Mad Mission Devil.

In the end, the South Bank’s inner sect disciples realised in despair that there were no longer any mountain ranges near the sect that they could go to. They were all filled with countless monstrous beasts that were constantly in heat…

Desperate, hundreds of the three mountains’ inner sect disciples presented a petition to the sect requesting the sect to revoke Bai Xiaochun’s rights to do missions...

Even Li Qinghou was unable to forcibly interfere with this matter. Bai Xiaochun was simply overzealous when it came to completing the missions, that even the Sect Head had a headache. He realised that ever since Bai Xiaochun entered the sect, he would give him a headache ever so often. Now, practically as soon as he heard Bai Xiaochun’s name, he would subconsciously heave a sigh in his heart.

“Fortunately, he’s usually not acting seriously. Him being serious… really is… sigh. This Bai Xiaochun can cause a storm wherever he goes!”

“Didn’t he want to refine pills? Then go and refine pills! The sect will give him Contribution Points and only wishes that he would calm down…”

Seeing the inner sect disciples support the petition increase from hundreds to thousands, the Sect Head gritted his teeth. After discussing it with Li Qinghou, he revoked Bai Xiaochun’s rights to missions for ten years.

He was the only disciple in the whole sect who needn’t complete any missions for ten years, and furthermore, he received a substantial amount of Contribution Points every month.

Bai Xiaochun felt wronged. He was about to take a mission he had taken a liking to in the Mission Monument again when he received the news, leaving him dumbfounded.

“For what reason? I want to contribute to the sect, I want to invest my time for the sect. You’re being too excessive!” Bai Xiaochun said, enraged. Under the worshipful gazes of the Mission Monument disciples who already viewed him like a deity, Bai Xiaochun sighed deeply. In the end, he grudgingly raised his small chin and flourished his small sleeve.

“At the snap of my, Bai Xiaochun’s, fingers, the Mission Monument… scatters into ashes and disperses into smoke.” He shook his head and sighed. A trace of loneliness could be seen as he walked away, dejected.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week. Last guaranteed would be for tomorrow.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 - I promise...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 104 - I promise...

Dejected, Bai Xiaochun felt wronged as he returned to his cave where he made a pained groan and sighed regretfully.

“If a person is too outstanding, it isn’t a good thing. For example, me. The sect was so worried that they exempted me from missions for ten years, and they would even give me contribution points every month.” Bai Xiaochun was fretting; he believed that he was really too excellent and didn’t know how to carry on...

“It’s fine, since they won’t let me complete missions, I’ll just go refine some medicine. I originally only wanted to complete missions for the Contribution Points anyway.” Bai Xiaochun thought. He had the sort of feeling where he was prepared to sacrifice himself to contribute to the sect as he walked into the Medicine Refining Room.

“I have to master refining all the Grade 3 spirit medicines!” Walking into the Medicine Refining Room, Bai Xiaochun’s expression became solemn.

Time passed, and in the blink of an eye, half a year flew by.

During this period of half a year, besides the time he was using for cultivation, Bai Xiaochun would always be in the Medicine Refining Room refining pills, and each time he ran out of materials, he would use Contribution Points to exchange for them. His entire self gradually fell under a spell, and although he wasn’t able to master all Grade 3 spirit medicines, he didn’t give up.

The sect was slowly reverting back to normal as Bai Xiaochun stopped taking missions. Many people were relieved, especially Sect Head Zheng Yuandong who finally felt at ease, convinced that he had made the right choice by exempting Bai Xiaochun from ten years worth of missions.

It wasn’t only him, all the South Bank’s Elders and Ancestors, including Li Qinghou, also felt relaxed. It was to the point that during the regular meeting of the South Bank’s Three Mountains, Bai Xiaochun was the center of the Foundation Establishment cultivators’ discussion.

“This kid Bai Xiaochun has recently been refining medicine, and the sect is also returning to normal.”

“Refining medicine is good, let him do it. It’s the safest thing he can do, and it won’t affect other people.” Everyone had a smile on their face. They were very grateful of the tranquility during the past half a year.

But this feeling didn’t last long. After a few days, a loud sound shook the heavens as it reverberated from Bai Xiaochun’s cave in the Scented Cloud Mountain. Rumbles spread in all directions, causing countless inner sect disciples the be awakened from shock, and even the outer sect disciples were scared out of their minds.

“What is going on?!”

“Heavens! Could there be someone attacking our Spirit River Sect?!”

While everyone was in an uproar, Bai Xiaochun ran out from the immortal cave’s Medicine Refining Room, coughing. His face was pitch-black and was filled with snot and tears flowing down. He jumped straight in the hot spring and washed himself before climbing out with furrowed brows.

“It blew up?!” He was puzzled. The pill furnace in his cave was a standard one used by the inner sect disciples. Although it was a standard one, it was the exact same as the one used in the Medicine Refining Pavilion. Based on that, even if the spirit medicine was a failure, the pill furnace shouldn’t have exploded.

But just now, the pill furnace actually exploded, and even the formation array flickered.

Bai Xiaochun remained puzzled even after thinking it over. Sighing, he started cultivating with the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture. Following today’s cultivation, his cultivation base was on the verge of breaking through.

Bai Xiaochun wasn’t anxious, after he finished cultivating with the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Scripture, he swallowed a spirit medicine that could increase his Yuan Qi and focused on the Unending Longevity Technique. The silver glow on his body grew brighter, and even a faint thread of golden light began to appear.

This procedure lasted until noon, when Bai Xiaochun took in a deep breath and stopped the technique. He stood inside the immortal cave, both of his eyes closed. Raising his hands, he chanted the mnemonics of the Water Nation Technique. After half an incense stick’s worth of time, his eyes suddenly opened as he let out a deafening howl.

An astonishing pressure suddenly surged out from his body, as if the air around him somehow changed, and a faint mist appeared. But this only lasted for a single breath’s worth of time before abruptly dissipating.

Bai Xiaochun was exhausted as he wiped off his sweat. He practiced the Water Nation Technique almost everyday, but up until now, he could only cause a small amount of pressure.

“I must continue working hard!” Bai Xiaochun only rested for a moment. After he finished cultivating for the day, he thought back to how his pill furnace had exploded. During this half a year, he had continuously refined Grade 3 spirit medicines. Although there were some successes, most of them were still failures.

This made him feel helpless. After pondering for a long time, he had a vague idea as to why the pill furnace had exploded.

“Could it be that the medicine’s power was unstable, and after increasing it, it blew up?” Bai Xiaochun pondered as he immediately ran out, used his Contribution Points to exchange for another pill furnace, and returned to continue his medicine refinement.

Those on Scented Cloud Mountain gradually discovered that the explosion from before came from Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave. Odd expressions surfaced on their faces; although they didn’t know what caused this sound, they couldn’t accept it calmly.

It was just that...only a few days later, Bai Xiaochun was in the Medicine Refining Room inside his immortal cave, investing all of his concentration into controlling the spirit medicine inside the pill furnace. However, the difficulty of concocting Grade 3 spirit medicine was just too much. When other people refined pills, they would rely on their experience and luck. And if they could succeed three out of ten times, they would be considered proficient. But Bai Xiaochun was aiming for the pinnacle; he would not stop until the moment he had solved all the problems. Because of the fact that he studied every single detail, he would often experiment many times, and as a consequence, a conflict with his medicine refinement would usually occur.

As of this moment, Bai Xiaochun abruptly widened his eyes. He felt that the spirit medicine inside the pill furnace was out of his control, and moreover, cracks started appearing on the pill furnace. Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath as wings spread from his back before he quickly left the Medicine Refining Room.

As soon as he left the room, an explosion rose to the heavens, even louder than the one before.

Countless people on the Scented Cloud Mountain rose into an uproar; it took quite a while before they calmed down. Three days later, Bai Xiaochun, who was in the Medicine Refining Room, once again, quickly escaped, screaming. After that, a third explosion shook the skies, shocking everyone once again.

Seven days later, Bai Xiaochun was, again, fearfully refining pills when he suddenly sucked in a deep breath and immediately retreated from the room. Behind him, the fourth earsplitting explosion resounded as the whole Medicine Refining Room collapsed.

The entire Scented Cloud Mountain was startled, and the eyes of all disciples turned red. After looking into it, they discovered that Bai Xiaochun was refining pills, but they couldn’t even begin to fathom what sort of pills would cause such loud explosions.

“I inquired in the Spirit Medicine Hall, in the past few days, Bai Xiaochun has exchange for about seven-eight pill furnaces!”

“That sound is the sound of a pill furnace exploding. Just what is that Bai Xiaochun refining, damn it! Is he not afraid of getting killed in the explosion!?” Despite everyone’s anger, the loud explosions… did not end, but instead continued.

Within a single month, a total of seven more loud explosions resounded from Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave, each explosion louder than the last. During the last one, the entire Scented Cloud Mountain actually shook and Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave was nearly blown apart.

Whenever the frightened Bai Xiaochun escaped from the Medicine Refining Room, the Scented Cloud Mountain’s inner sect disciples and outer sect disciples would be driven mad. Throughout the entire month, they couldn’t submerge themselves in cultivation without getting abruptly awakened from their meditation. which caused distractions to appear in their madly palpitating hearts. They had been tormented to the point where their eyes were bloodshot, and they could no longer control their anger.

Even the sound-isolating formation array seemed to have no effect against those sounds, making all the disciples furious. Even the Elders were apprehensive as they couldn’t fathom how Bai Xiaochun could create these explosions.

“This is the sound of a pill furnace exploding, just how is Bai Xiaochun refining medicine? And what... what medicine is he refining?!”

This explosions didn’t stop at all. During the second month, the noise only became louder and louder, totalling over ten times, on an average of one explosion every two days. This went on until the Scented Cloud Mountain disciples could no longer tolerate it. Enraged, they gathered outside Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave to voice their discontent.

Bai Xiaochun felt wronged and quickly came out to explain. When he looked outside his immortal cave, the sight of more than a thousand disciples greeted him, causing his face to be drained of colour. In the end, he patted his chest and tried forcefully calm the annoyed disciples down, and guaranteed that it wouldn’t happen again, quelling the crowd’s anger.

After sending off the crowd with great difficulty, Bai Xiaochun sullenly returned back to his immortal cave. Seeing more than half of the Medicine Refining Room had already collapsed, he let out a sigh. He went inside, took out a new pill furnace and stared at it with dull eyes.

A few days later, he suddenly slapped his thigh as his eyes brightened up.

“That’s it! It must’ve been because the furnace wasn’t heated enough!” He speculated excitedly and prepared for another attempt… Three days later, late at night, everyone on the Scented Cloud Mountain could hear… yet another earth-shaking explosion.

An inner sect disciple was so startled that he almost fell down. He rushed outside, his hair dishevelled as he let out an earsplitting scream.

“Bai Xiaochun! Even if you are a Heaven’s Chosen, I still want to beat you up!”

He wasn’t the only one. Quickly, in the middle of the night, almost every single inner sect disciple stormed out. Even Zhou Xinqi’s weary figure revealed itself, going straight towards Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave. Bai Xiaochun smiled apologetically and reassured them many times, making them feel helpless. Bai Xiaochun’s attitude was too good, causing them to be unsure what to do. If his attitude had been bad, at worst, they could’ve beaten him up a bit. But now… they could only clench their teeth and endure.

Bai Xiaochun returned to his cave, listless. He wanted to cry but had no tears. Sticking to his goal was turning out quite difficult.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, will absolutely not give up!” Clenching his teeth, Bai Xiaochun took out another pill furnace and inspected it closely. This time, he pondered for half a month, figuring out all the problems, and even going as far as scrutinizing each and every detail over and over again.

“Earth fire! It must’ve been because I’ve been using Earth fire!” Bai Xiaochun suddenly raised his head, his eyes bloodshot as he began refining once again… Five days later, in the early morning, a loud explosion shocked Li Qinghou. It was so loud that it could be heard all the way from Scented Cloud Mountain to the Purple Cauldron Mountain and the Green Peak Mountain

The inner sect disciples near Bai Xiaochun’s cave were dumbfounded by that loud sound. Especially Zhou Xinqi who was about to go insane. Elder Zhou’s birds cried out as quite a few feathers fell off of their bodies due to fright. The Spirit Tailed Chickens trembled, and even foam filled their mouths while the inner sect disciples’ vision blurred.

At this moment, in Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave, all of the formation arrays activated as Earth fire broke out, stirring up even the big formation array of the Scented Cloud Mountain. Bai Xiaochun struggled to climb up, his whole body pitch-black. Nevertheless, excitement filled his eyes, as he finally discovered the reason.

“It wasn’t the Earth fire which had caused it, but the allelopathy of the spirit medicine itself! This could lead to endless changes, causing something like this to happen! Grade 3 medicine pills… require one to be mindful of the pill’s allelopathy!

(ED note: In case you have forgotten: Allelopathy (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allelopathy) is the chemical inhibition of a plant (or other organism) by another, when exposed to substances acting as germination or growth inhibitors.)

Not long after, both the Elders and the disciples of the Scented Cloud Mountain came out as one, killing intent flickering in their eyes as they made their way towards Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave, carrying stones in their hands. Under nearly ten thousand furious glares, Bai XIaochun nervously climbed up, patting his chest.

“I promise…” Before he could even continue, many had already thrown their stones at him. In the end, they were still in the same sect, they couldn’t just fight him to the death. Throwing stones at him on the other hand...

“Promise your head!” Countless rocks were viciously thrown at him.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translator: Sean

Editor: Crimsonguard, Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 - The Great Escape Of The Imprisoned Animals!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 105 - The Great Escape Of The Imprisoned Animals!

Bai Xiaochun stared at the stones covering the sky with his heart racing, and immediately bolted back to his immortal cave. The immortal cave’s formation array shook under the barrage of stones while Bai Xiaochun scowled sullenly; he knew he had enraged the crowd, but he still felt wronged. After all, he hadn’t done it intentionally.

“I promise! This is the last time! I’m certain of it!” Bai Xiaochun hastily sent out a sound transmission.

After the crowd outside vented some of their anger, Bai Xiaochun continued to sweet talk from inside the immortal cave until everyone left with what was left of their anger.

Bai Xiaochun sighed deeply and went to clear the rubble outside his immortal cave, before going back to the Medicine Refining Room where he sank in thought, recalling his recent discovery. He clenched his teeth as he carefully took out his last pill furnace and carefully began refining spirit medicine in accord with the new information.

The main problem was the allelopathy of the various herbs. A few days later, a herbal aroma wafted out from the furnace. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes teared up as he yelled excitedly. He had finally overcome the major problem of his pill furnace exploding. Furthermore, he had also gained a basic understanding of the changes brought by allelopathy!

“The day when I can skillfully refine Grade 3 spirit medicine is just around the corner!” Bursting with delight, Bai Xiaochun submerged himself in concoction once again, putting everything else aside.

As the Scented Cloud Mountain disciples could no longer hear the deafening pill furnace explosions, they gradually calmed down and the Scented Cloud Mountain seemed to have returned to its usual tranquility.

However… Bai Xiaochun soon realised that although the problem with the furnace had been taken care of, his success rate in refining Grade 3 medicine pills still wasn’t high, and it frequently resulted in oddly-shaped pills.

Regarding those oddly-shaped pills, Bai Xiaochun didn’t proceed to ignore them as he did before. Instead, he felt that they contained great secrets within them, and perhaps he could even refine a heaven-defying pill like the Aphrodisiac Pill.

“I need to test what these pills can do…”Bai Xiaochun mumbled to himself solemnly, immediately walking out from the immortal cave and toward the market square at the foot of the mountain. He bought a large number of small beasts and even used some Contribution Points to get some from the sect itself.

Bai Xiaochun kept those animals inside his immortal cave, where he began his second experiment with the little beasts. Filled with excitement, Bai Xiaochun pulled out a white jade slip, preparing to record every single detail.

With everything prepared, Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. Taking out a rabbit, he picked an odd black pill from the many pills and tossed it at the rabbit.

The rabbit took a few sniffs before swallowing it in one go. Suddenly, the rabbit shivered as its legs went limp and it plopped on the ground, motionless.

“Is it dead?” Bai Xiaochun stared with wide eyes as he quickly approached to inspect it before sighing in relief. The rabbit wasn’t dead, it had only fainted from the impact of the pill; It had unleashed too much energy for the rabbit to handle, causing it to fall unconscious.

Not until two hours later did the rabbit regain its consciousness. It straightened its two legs and stood up like a human would, staring straight at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun made a soft “eh…” sound, which was immediately followed by another “eh…” that came from the rabbit. Bai Xiaochun jumped in fright.

“You know how to speak?”

“You know how to speak?” The rabbit jumped also in fright, imitating him.

Bai Xiaochun immediately grew excited as he circled the rabbit a couple times. The rabbit similarly grew excited as it too circled around Bai Xiaochun. Man and rabbit, the two formed an odd scene inside the immortal cave.

Bai Xiaochun laughed loudly.

“Haha, this pill’s not bad. I really am a genius! Now even a rabbit knows how to speak!”

The rabbit similarly laughed loudly, repeating the same words. Bai Xiaochun found it a little odd, so he quickly opened the door to one of the stone rooms and threw the rabbit inside.

“Oh well, since you have gained human-like intelligence now, remember to come show me your gratitude if you succeed cultivating. Stay in there for the moment, I’ll release you all outside and into the sect in the future.”

After tossing the rabbit aside, Bai Xiaochun stopped paying attention to it and began moving onto the next experiment. This time, he chose a monkey and picked a yellow pill which he tossed towards it. The monkey pretended not to notice at first, but after a closer inspection, it grabbed it and nibbled it at the corner of its mouth. Many crumbs fell, but ultimately, the majority of the pill was eaten by the monkey.

Not much changed after that. A weak wind appeared, but that too disappeared quickly. Curious, Bai Xiaochun grabbed the monkey, inspecting it all around. The monkey seemed in a trance as it just stared blankly. After confirming that there weren’t any other changes, Bai Xiaochun sighed and tossed the monkey into the stone room.

For the next couple days, Bai Xiaochun continued with these experiments. A few rabbits, upon eating the pills, had their eyes become red and even growled before jumping up to bite Bai Xiaochun.

Surprised, Bai Xiaochun took notes and threw the bunnies into the stone room while watching them bite at each other, albeit not drawing any blood.

Bai Xiaochun also used some ducks he bought and fed them the pills. The ducks all trembled before the ones with significantly larger wings actually flew out of the immortal cave, all of them flying near the ceiling of the immortal cave gracefully. Bai Xiaochun stared with eyes and mouth both wide-open, his interest in these pills only growing as he observed the ducks.

Time flowed quickly and soon, half a month had passed. In this half a month, Bai Xiaochun’s experiments was recording his experiments. Occasionally, maniacal laughter traveled outside of his immortal cave.

A few days later, some ordinary chickens ate his pills, causing their bodies to quickly expand nearly to the size of an elephant’s. By this point, Bai Xiaochun had deepened his understanding regarding the Dao of Medicine. Feeling motivated, Bai Xiaochun continued testing out the odd pills.

Soon, inside the stone room with the locked small beasts, there was a new addition. A group of toads with countless eyes all over their bodies, quacking endlessly. And each time they quacked, their eyes would blink.

There was even a tiger inside which Bai Xiaochun had bought with Spirit Stones. After eating one of his pills, it grew eight heads in addition to its original one, becoming a nine-headed tiger. Roaring with all of its nine heads simultaneously was quite an impressive sight!

There were even some ordinary birds, but they didn’t undergo any extraordinary changes. Only an endless diarrhea…

Time slowly passed, yet Bai Xiaochun’s experiments didn’t stop. He seemed determined to discover the effects of every last one of his odd pills. There was even a group of monkeys shaking on the floor, constantly convulsing after having eaten his pills.

Another example would be a group of cats, hiccuping every day as though thunder echoed out, shocking Bai Xiaochun. He had no idea what the results of the odd pills he had refined might be. The craziest of all these beasts were the swans whose eyes had turned white after consuming the pills. They were extremely horrifying, but for some reason, they were very loyal, just like dogs, and took the initiative to guard inside Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave.

In the end, Bai Xiaochun even tested the pills on the small fish in his immortal cave’s hot spring. They went insane, pushing against each other and trying to jump out as they even grew legs with which they walked around in Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave.

Bai Xiaochun stared dumbfounded at the walking fish before throwing them all into the stone room. The stone room, as of that moment, had transformed into an extremely bizarre world.

Inside the stone room, a monkey in a high place leaned its chin on its palm, pondering deeply. Below it were a couple monkeys who were constantly convulsing while red-eyed rabbits were fighting elephant-sized chickens...

Beside them were the toads, watching the scene with their countless eyes while a rabbit was imitating the many surrounding scenes, making gestures and occasionally throwing out three sentences “eh…”, “You know how to speak?”, and “Haha, this pill isn’t bad. I really am a genius, now even a rabbit knows how to speak!”

In the air, some ducks were soaring around gracefully, dancing in the sky like birds and constantly dropping turds which splattered on the ground. On the floor, a nine-headed tiger was covered in bird excrement and roaring angrily over and over again. That tiger was surrounded by the two-legged fish who were running about, tirelessly chased by hiccupping cats...

There were also some swans near the door, coldly observing all of this, as though they were guards.

Bai Xiaochun stared blankly inside the room. He had tested out only a part of his odd pills, many more remained inside his storage bag, so he naturally wanted to continue testing, but he was out of fresh test subjects.

“The Dao of Medicine is amazing…” Bai Xiaochun mumbled to himself and looked away, filled with a determination to try out the rest of his odd pills. Leaving the immortal cave, he went down the mountain to procure even more beasts from the market square.

But as soon as Bai Xiaochun walked outside his immortal cave, one of Bai Xiaochun’s test subjects that hadn’t shown any change before, the monkey staring blankly in the air, suddenly rolled its eyes. Lowering its head towards the stone room’s door, human-like intelligence flashed within its eyes before it lunged forth and before long… the stone room’s door opened!

Not long after, under the monkey’s fiddling, the immortal cave’s door actually… similarly opened!

Sunlight shone from outside, and the blankly-staring monkey charged out, leaving the chickens, ducks, fish, and cats stunned. In a blink of an eye, all the animals Bai Xiaochun had locked up… charged out from their prison!

Zhou Xinqi was just exiting her immortal cave when she suddenly noticed ducks quacking in the sky while flying gracefully. Stunned, she took a closer look. She had memorised all five volumes of spirit beasts long ago, but had no idea what the flying ducks before her eyes were.

“What the hell are those?!” Zhou Xinqi mumbled to herself surprised, only to see a couple elephant-sized chickens rush past her. And beside them was a growling rabbit.

“Eh?”

“You know how to speak?”

“Haha, this pill isn’t bad. I really am a genius, now even a rabbit knows how to speak!”

Zhou Xinqi stared with wide eyes for a long time, not knowing how to react. Her mouth gaped open as she thought she must be hallucinating.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Marcus

Editors: Crimsonguard, Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 - The Mad Rabbit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 106 - The Mad Rabbit

In this moment, Xu Baocai and many other outer sect disciples were taking the promotional examination to become Medicine Apprentices while Elder Xu observed from the side. Usually, this was a very serious matter, but in this moment, a flock of birds flew in the sky, making repetitive ‘Pu Pu’ sounds… countless bird droppings suddenly rained down from the sky. Whether it was Xu Baocai, any other promotional examination taker, the surrounding spectators, or even Elder Xu’s hair, they were now all covered by bird droppings…

Everyone was stupefied. Each and every single one of them subconsciously raised their heads. They saw a flock of birds heading into the distance while constantly releasing countless bird droppings on the ground…

“This flock of birds… is somewhat strange…”

“Dammit, what is wrong with them?! They’re actually… actually having an incessant diarrhea!” The disciples exclaimed in surprise. Elder Xu was stunned for a moment before his expression changed.

Chen Zi’ang and Zhao Yiduo were currently on a mountain path, glaring at each other.

“Today, from the two of us here, one is going to be singled out...” Their conflict had started back when they were still handymen and had intensified ever since. Fierceness glimmered in both their eyes, but before they could even finish their words, dust rose from the ground between them as a school of long-legged fish rushed past them.

The two stared blankly as they noticed several cats, incessantly burping as though thunder erupted, while quickly chasing after those fish. This scene caused the two to suck in a deep breath, making them feel as though they were in a dream, and forgot about their enmity while staring with their eyes wide open and their mouths hanging.

“This… did you see those long-legged fish just now?” Zhao Yiduo thought that he was hallucinating and subconsciously asked Chen Zi’ang.

“I even saw cats whose burps were like thunderclaps…” Chen Zi’ang blankly replied.

Meanwhile, many of the outer sect disciples who were halfway up the mountain let out cries of surprise. A colony of rabbits was chomping at the disciples with reddened eyes. Even though they were held back, those rabbits remained ferocious,this was evident from the ghastly sight of them grinding their teeth as they made ‘Gacha Gacha’ sounds.

Furthermore, there was a rabbit who sat on top of several huge chickens and was continuously echoing the same words.

“Eh?”

“You know how to speak?”

“Haha, this pill’s not bad. I, Bai Xiaochun, really am a genius! Now even a rabbit knows how to speak!”

The whole Scented Cloud Mountain was swept by madness at this moment… Countless people heard this sentence and immediately understood that the one who caused this scene was Bai Xiaochun!

A couple toads were hopping about in the inner sect disciple region, causing all the inner sect disciples who see them to suck in a deep breath; no matter how one looked at it, all the countless eyes on the toads... were truly terrifying!

And amidst its incessant roars, a nine-headed tiger was rampaging around the sect. On that day, the whole Scented Cloud Mountain was turned upside down. Countless people were shocked after heading out.

There was even a monkey… which had actually climbed onto the rooftop of Li Qinghou’s pavilion, standing on the peak of Scented Cloud Mountain. It sat there, looking at Xu Meixiang who had just left after she had reminisced the past with Li Qinghou. The monkey’s head was lowered onto its chin, seemingly in deep thought...

Li Qinghou had an ashen look on his face as he stood outside the pavilion and raised his head to look at the monkey. He was getting angry, when suddenly, countless bird droppings fell from the skies, rendering him speechless.

It had been quite long since the Scented Cloud Mountain… had been so lively. Out of the countless outer sect disciples and inner sect disciples who were heading out, most undisturbed by all these small animals, bar for the flock of birds that were constantly defecating. The disciples couldn’t fathom just how were those small bodies able to fill themselves with so much bird droppings in such a short period of time…

In the beginning, that rabbit only knew how to say only three sentences, but gradually, the sentences it learned to repeat increased, as did its gestures. In the end, its voice also rose louder as it strained its throat to shout as loud as it could.

“My goodness, what is that?!”

“Did you see that? That rabbit actually spoke!”

“Bai Xiaochun, this must surely be your doing!”

“I’ll tell you a secret, I saw Elder Zhou and his phoenixes in a room yesterday. And from within it, strange sounds echoed out…”

“Senior Sister Zhou Xinqi and Senior Sister Du Lingfei, even if Bai Xiaochun stands in my way, I, Xu Baocai, will definitely get my hands on you two!”

“Senior Brother Hou Yunfei, you’re so bad. Don’t… Ah… What was that?! I just saw a couple monkeys, they were constantly convulsing!”

“Junior Sister Meixiang, it is not that I, Li Qinghou, am fickle and lacking in righteousness. Please wait until my cultivation has broken through the Golden Core. After that, I will definitely take you as my Dao Companion!”

“Haha, this pill’s not bad. I, Bai Xiaochun, really am a genius! Now even a rabbit knows how to speak!” The rabbit continuously ran while repeating these statements all around. Unfortunately, its ears were very sharp, and as long as it heard something new, the rabbit would immediately imitate them perfectly, repeating them all. This rabbit gradually drained colour from many people’s faces. This cursed rabbit had ears that were too sharp, it practically spewed out all of the various secrets between disciples and even mentioned their names!

There were many stories within the rabbit’s words. After they listened carefully to the rabbit, everyone would be astonished, especially Li Qinghou’s part… That was a matter that was unheard of before and caused a sensation among everyone, leaving many Elders with their eyes wide open.

Xu Baocai was stupefied, Hou Yunfei widened his eyes, and Li Qinghou’s body suddenly shuddered.

It was at this moment that Bai Xiaochun finally returned from the market. He returned from a bountiful journey, bringing back even more small animals with anticipation in his eyes. This time, he would finish testing the rest of those odd pills. However, just as he went up the Scented Cloud Mountain, not even a couple steps later, a splash of bird droppings fell from the sky, forcing him to quickly dodge. With furrowed eyebrows, he lifted his head to look up at the sky.

Only to see a flock of birds flying above...

“Eh? They look somewhat familiar…” He was surprised when the bushes beside him suddenly shook. A school of long-legged fish ran past Bai Xiaochun, stunning him. Following after them, the cats with thunderclap-like burps bolted past him, causing Bai Xiaochun to widen his eyes to the point where his eyes looked like they were about to pop out. Not long after… a tribe of monkeys quickly ran past him while constantly convulsing and with white foam flowing from their mouths.

Bai Xiaochun shuddered and took a deep breath. Cold sweat formed as his hair stood on end.

“This… this… impossible!” Breathing raggedly, he took out his Golden Crow Sword and suddenly flew up. The wings on his back flapped, and with a ‘Hu’ sound, he shot towards Scented Cloud Mountain.

Along the way, he could see all of the small animals as well as a lot of people, gazing at him oddly. Bai Xiaochun felt alarmed as he returned to his immortal cave only to realise the huge door was wide-open. The inside was almost completely empty with only a few large geese standing there dully like guards.

“How did they all escape?!” Bai Xiaochun found it inconceivable and perhaps, it even needed investigation. Suddenly turning his head around, he saw a rabbit running quickly while different statements were incessantly spewed out from its mouth, until finally…

“Haha, this medicine pill is not bad. I, Bai Xiaochun, am really amazing. This rabbit even knows how to talk!”

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened. When that rabbit noticed Bai Xiaochun, its eyes immediately widened as well, before it turned around and quickly ran away. Bai Xiaochun knew he was going to get into trouble so he quickly shot forward. But just when he was about to catch the rabbit, that rabbit’s speed surprisingly skyrocketed as it instantly shot out of his sight. Bai Xiaochun watched this scene unfold, staring blankly until he heard Li Qinghou’s roar arrive from Scented Cloud Mountain’s peak.

“Bai Xiaochun, clean up your own mess! If there is even one animal that hasn’t been dealt with or if there is even a single hint of bird droppings somewhere, I will send you to the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley! Especially that damned rabbit! Make it shut up!”

After hearing the four words ‘Ten Thousand Snakes Valley’, even though Bai Xiaochun had obtained the top position in the Heaven’s Chosen War and had mastered the Silver Impenetrable Skin, he still shuddered. The traumatic experience from the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley still haunted him. His complexion turned miserable as he subconsciously raised his head; his eyes almost popping out of his sockets once again.

He saw a monkey sitting on the rooftop of the pavilion on the mountain peak, leaning on its chin with a thoughtful look.

Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry; he hurried up towards the mountain peak. With a leap, his body flew straight for the monkey. The monkey glanced at Bai Xiaochun, tilting its head as a trace of sadness appeared in its eyes, as though it had been enjoying its hard-to-come-by freedom. Bai Xiaochun was stunned; he raised his hand and caught the monkey before throwing it inside his storage pouch.

After this, he prudently left in a haste. Tirelessly rushing around the whole Scented Cloud Mountain underneath the countless strange gazes, Bai Xiaochun scowled miserably as he grabbed the nine-headed tiger and the toads with eyes all over their bodies.

Not long after, the elephant-sized chickens, the school of long-legged fish and the burping cats had all been captured by Bai Xiaochun one after another. As for that flock of ducks that was fluttering in the sky, they were the easiest to catch and were promptly captured by Bai Xiaochun in just a couple moments.

The tribe of repeatedly convulsing monkeys was similarly thrown into the storage pouch by Bai Xiaochun. After continuing his search throughout the whole day, Bai Xiaochun caught the constantly defecating birds; that turned out the most difficult of them all as he had only managed to catch them at nightfall. Only while accounting for the small animals afterwards did he realised that he had yet to see the parroting rabbit.

After searching for a long amount of time, Bai Xiaochun agonizingly realised that he couldn’t find where that rabbit was hiding.

“Sigh...” Bai Xiaochun let out a long breath and glanced at all of the bird droppings covering the Scented Cloud Mountain as he grudgingly spent the whole night to completely clean off all of them. When the sun rose, he dragged his weary body back to his immortal cave and collapsed inside it, falling asleep from the exhaustion.

Early in the morning, the Scented Cloud Mountain disciples noticed the gate seemed brand new, making them recall yesterday’s events. They had an extremely profound understanding towards Bai Xiaochun’s medicine pill. Just about everyone had been covered by bird droppings yesterday, but although they were furious from the bottom of their hearts, there was nothing that they could do about it. After all, it was clear to them that Bai Xiaochun hadn’t done it intentionally.

However, it was exactly these recurring unintentional actions of his that caused everyone to wail inside their hearts. As for how fearsome Bai Xiaochun could be, they already had a rough idea about it.

After waking up in the afternoon, Bai Xiaochun dared not continue testing his odd pills anymore. He left through the gate and headed for the wilderness. As soon as he found a safe and deserted place, he opened his storage pouch and released all of the small animals from within.

“You guys are free now…” Bai Xiaochun looked at the small animals as he spoke with a bitter smile.

The small animals that had yet to swallow an odd pill immediately dispersed. The ones that did, however, stared at Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun looked back at them and took out numerous medicine pills from his storage pouch.

“After eating a medicine pill, perhaps a few of you guys will be able to cultivate yourselves. Don’t stir trouble in the future. You lot have already caused me enough problems.” Bai Xiaochun handed out a medicine pill to each of them. He waved them goodbye and turned around to leave when suddenly, the nine-headed tiger let out a roar.

Bai Xiaochun turned his head. He saw the nine-headed tiger looking at him with a somewhat bizarre light in its eyes, as though it wanted to engrave Bai Xiaochun in its mind. Only then did it turn around and sprint off into the distance in a flash.

The ducks and the birds in mid-air; the fish, the burping cats, the few huge guard-like geese and even the toads with eyes all over their bodies on the ground, as well as the tribe of constantly convulsing monkeys all stared at him with the same bizarre eyes as the nine-headed tiger, before similarly disappearing out of sight...

The last to leave was the monkey who always seemed to be deep in thought. It directed its gaze at Bai Xiaochun, a hint of intelligence flashing though its eyes, giving Bai Xiaochun a grim feeling.

It took a deep look at Bai Xiaochun before turning around and heading off into the distance.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned. Just now, the strong feeling that this monkey looked like a wise old man swept over him. He was certain that he definitely hadn’t imagined that grim look in its eyes.

He silently took out the jade slip and checked his record of the medicine pill that he had first given to that monkey, re-evaluating the spiritual medicine that he had originally written off as a failure.

“That medicine pill… possesses medicinal effects that I have yet to understand!” Bai Xiaochun sunk in thought as he watched the scattering figures. He wished them well, he sincerely hoped that those small animals could happily live with the changes he had brought to them.

A long while later, Bai Xiaochun turned around, and with a flap of of his wings, he hurried back to the Scented Cloud Mountain.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 - The Great Thunder Cleansing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 107 - The Great Thunder Cleansing

As he was returning back to Scented Cloud Mountain, sadness welled up inside Bai Xiaochun’s heart. As for the odd pills left inside his storage bag, he didn’t dare to continue experimenting with them.

“Why is it so hard to have an ambitious goal… I can’t be blamed for this, it was Uncle Li who made me research this…” Bai Xiaochun lamented as he jogged on the way back. After returning to his immortal cave, he just sat there, staring blankly into the distance.

During the past half a year, every time he stumbled upon some hard problem in refining medicine, he would ask Li Qinghou about it. Listening to Bai Xiaochun’s questions surprised Li Qinghou greatly. Such meticulous study in the Dao of Medicine, in his opinion, was far beyond that of the average Medicine Master.

Recalling Bai Xiaochun’s results on the stone steles for herbs, Li Qinghou’s expectations regarding Bai Xiaochun’s Dao of Medicine grew. Everyone had a different understandings regarding the Dao of Medicine, and the fact that Bai Xiaochun had such determination made Li Qinghou very pleased.

He never gave Bai Xiaochun the answer straight away, but instead encouraged him to persevere, for only that way can one establish their own Dao of Medicine. If one always followed the paved road, they would never become a Medicine Master capable of uncovering the secrets of the Dao of Medicine. The origins of pill recipes, after all, were the result from the previous generations’ experiments!

“No, I have a goal, a dream. Uncle Li is right! Only what I discover it myself could a pill recipe truly belong to me. No matter how difficult it is, I will forge onwards!” After some time, Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth. Although he didn’t intend to test the odd pills, his passion for the Dao of Medicine burned fiercer than ever.

“I must become a great medicine master!” Taking a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun resolutely walked into the Medicine Refining Room, once again immersing himself in refinement as though under a spell, forgetting everything else.

Time passed as several months passed by in the blink of an eye. Bai Xiaochun gradually got used to Grade 3 spirit medicine by resolving problems after problem, until finally, Grade 3 spirit medicine weren’t that much of a problem to him.

However, a bigger problem gradually cropped up.

Bai Xiaochun helplessly discovered that while he obtained a deeper understanding of Grade 3 medicine pills, improving the success rate wasn’t so easy. Usually, for every ten refinements, he would succeed in five. From the former, one was an odd pill that even he himself couldn’t understand, and the four remaining were poisonous pills with nearly a hundred percent impurities.

Bai Xiaochun was going crazy. He even tried spirit refinement, only to discover that even after spirit refinement, poisonous pills only produced bad results while the only Low Tier ones reached only up to the High Tier.

Between his relentless and meticulousness for medicine refinement, he didn’t notice that he was becoming obsessed with it; if something was unsatisfactory, he couldn’t rest in peace.

“Impurities, what can I do to get rid of impurities!” Bai Xiaochun glared at the large amount of poison pills in front of him with bloodshot eyes, racking his brain. He thought of asking Li Qinghou, only to remember his encouragement for perseverance. So, gritting his teeth, he continued as he immersed himself anew.

Time passed day by day, and many people thought that Bai Xiaochun had finally quieted down. There weren’t any tremors or explosions, nor any troublesome animals all around the mountain. Many of them weren’t quite used to such peacefulness.

But that didn’t last long… one night a month later, Bai Xiaochun, with his hair flowing down his face, was adjusting the flames of the furnace while constantly tossing in herbs with bloodshot eyes.

“Success, it’s going to succeed. This time I have solved all of the problems, I even used my creativity to add in a Thunder God Cane, Thunder Attracting Flower, Dead Wood Spring and Yin Yang Grass. I came up with a unique method to remove the impurities, so this is sure to succeed… This is my, Bai Xiaochun’s, very own… Thunder Cleansing!” Just as he was getting excited, the furnace before him shook, and a medicinal aroma rose up. The moon shone brightly in the dark sky, high above Scented Cloud Mountain, unobstructed by the clouds.

But in an instant, a thick layer of clouds appeared, and a streak of lightning flashed down, charging straight at Scented Cloud Mountain and crashing onto Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave with a rumble. The entire place shook, while other bolts of lightning found their way inside and landed on the furnace.

The entirety of the immortal cave was filled with lightning, and Bai Xioahcun, in his mad laughter, quickly evaded them. When the lightning faded, he excitedly ran to the furnace and looked down.

What he saw was no medicine in the furnace, just black soot with black smoke rising from it.

“Too much Thunder Attracting Flower!” Bai Xiaochun, with hair flowing down his face, seemed like a scholar gone mad. Gloomily scratching his head, he pulled out more herbs and continued experimenting.

Meanwhile, many of the Scented Cloud Mountain disciples noticed the lightning, all of them staring with their eyes wide-open as they realised it had landed on Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave.

“This Bai Xiaochun… Could it be that even the Heavens can’t stand him any longer?”

“That must be it, the Heavens are just and shot lightning down to exterminate him…”

These thoughts filled the crowd’s minds. While some were entertained by the thought of Bai Xiaochun’s demise, the few elders of Scented Cloud Mountain that had also noticed the lightning were left surprised.

“Even if it was Ancestor Li refining medicine, he would never attract lightning. In the legends, only concoctions over the seventh grade would make lightning flash out. What is that Bai Xiaochun doing?”

In the afternoon three days later, Bai Xiaochun’s laughter echoed inside his immortal cave. Staring at the furnace, his hands were forming hand seals in a blur. As Qi spread out, the Earth Fire raged. Roaring out, Bai Xiaochun slammed both his hands on the floor before the furnace.

“Thunder Cleansing!”

The furnace shook, and many clouds whirled above Scented Cloud Mountain’s peak. A flash of lightning shot down, aiming straight at Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave.

This time, countless disciples all saw the lightning, shocking them all. As the sound of thunder reverberated in their ears, Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave shook briefly.

Inside the immortal cave, Bai Xiaochun excitedly went to the furnace. But when he looked down, there weren’t any pills in the furnace. Only their remains with a black smoke rising from them. Taking in a little of it, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes grew hazy and his head became dizzy. As he backed away a couple of steps, foam started coming out of his mouth.

“Thunder God Canes… Too many…” Bai Xiaochun mumbled before collapsing on the floor. Waking up a mere three hours later, he quickly went to wash his face and consume some pills, only to raise his head shortly after, ready to continue refining once more.

In the following days, the amount of lightning increased and increased, growing more and more concentrated. The disciples of Scented Cloud Mountain would always see a flash of lightning drop down, hitting Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave. Slowly, everyone stared at it with open mouths and wide eyes, while even the elders worried after paying more attention.

They suspected that… If this went on, it was only a matter of time before Bai Xiaochun got killed by the lightning.

But the Bai Xiaochun who was so afraid of death, in his crazed medicine refining demon mode, forgot about death, submerging himself in the medicinal arts, endlessly changing the recipe and adjusting the components; he was trying to let the Thunder Cleansing be of practical use.

“Thunder Cleansing!”

Lightning flashed.

“God Dammit, Thunder Cleansing!”

Lightning flashed again.

The protective formation array in Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave stopped working, and his sharp voice always found its way out of the place, reaching the ears of everyone. After some gossip, everyone knew that all the lightning before was due to Bai Xiaochun’s new method he invented for cleansing the impurities of medicine.

Even many elders were interested, paying attention to him. This time, though the thunder boomed and the lightning cracked, no one, as rare as it was, stopped him.

Even Li Qinghou was pleased by Bai Xiaochun’s demonstration of creativity, occasionally paying attention.

Yet a good view doesn’t last long. After over a hundred groupings of components, the ideal one never came out. So Bai Xiaochun started adding in other components, and, unsure which medicine was responsible, on a sunset a few days later, instead of the usual single flash of lightning, ten lightning streaks came bursting down as Bai Xiaochun roared out.

Surprisingly, among all these flashes of lightning, only one was headed towards Bai Xiaochun, with the rest flying and spreading to other areas of Scented Cloud Mountain.

The cracks of lightning filled the sky.

A huge amount of the lightning hit, and many people screamed in agony. In just a moment, Scented Cloud Mountain shook again, affecting even Zhou Xinqi’s immortal cave, which got hit as well. Thanks to the protection of the formation array, there wasn’t too much of a problem. With a vicious glare, Zhou Xinqi stared at Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave, swallowing down her hate.

Li Qinghou and the elders of Scented Cloud Mountain also went out to calm the disciples down. After all, Bai Xiaochun’s determination for the medicinal arts pleased them.

The thing was… Bai Xiaochun had become a madman. An hour later, a rainy cloud covered the sky, and this time, near a hundred streaks of lightning all rained down at Bai Xiaochun.

As the noise in the sky spread out, many disciples turned towards it, aghast as they hastily made their way back to their own immortal caves, scared to go out. Even Li Qinghou and the elders were shocked, staring blankly.

Seeing the hundred streaks of lightning drop down, the many areas of Scented Cloud Mountain trembled. Maybe because of the proximity of Zhou Xinqi’s home to Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave, six or seven flashes of lightning hit her own immortal cave, shaking it violently and pushing down on the array formation.

It didn’t end at that though;, taking only half of the time for an incense stick to burn, countless people went up in an uproar of fear and shock as the layers of clouds got even bigger and thicker, shooting out hundreds of lightning streaks down from the sky.

They were aiming straight at Scented Cloud Mountain; immortal caves shook and many areas instantly exploded, and Bai Xiaochun’s own immortal cave barely held out from collapsing.

But… Zhou Xinqi’s immortal cave pulled in fifty streaks of lightning! In succession, they hit her home, and as if the sky was stealing from her, they peeled open the immortal cave, making it collapse.

Pale, Zhou Xinqi rushed out, staring blankly at the now flat space where her immortal cave once stood. She screamed angrily.

“Bai Xiaochun!”

There were even some outer sect disciples whose immortal cave met the same fate, burst opened by lightning. As they ran out, their angry shouts were shaking the sky, they were just about to throw everything aside and go to Bai Xiaochun for revenge, when suddenly, the clouds in the sky rolled again, increasing in thickness, constraining and enveloping the land. Zhou Xinqi’s heart jumped and her face changed. The other people who wanted to trouble Bai XIoachun all took in a deep breath, trembling.

Even the ancestors of Purple Cauldron Mountain and Green Peak Mountain noticed this, and after seeing the clouds, their eyes widened. Even the sect head Zheng Yuandong, after staring out, felt his scalp go numb.

In the clouds, over a thousand lightning streaks burst out!

“This… This is going to destroy Scented Cloud Mountain!”

“Bai Xiaochun!!”

“God, what is he doing, how did he do it? This… This many streaks of lightning!!”

“Enemy attack! It’s an enemy attack!” Outside Scented Cloud Mountain, countless people screamed out.

On the mountain, there were trembling disciples, inner and outer sect included. At that moment, all of them had a strong feeling that their lives were on the line.

“Thunder Cleansing!” Bai Xiaochun had completely forgotten about everything long ago, paying absolutely no heed to the things happening around him. His eyes were crimson, and as he stared at the furnace in front of him, he screamed, raising his hands and slamming them on the ground.

Boooom!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Crimsonguard, Arch, Mantoulnv

Crimsonguard here, I’ve been with this project for quite a bit now and it has certainly been a fascinating journey. Unfortunately, staying dedicated to this project has become more and more of a chore as my enthusiasm disappeared, and with it - my motivation. As such, I’ll be taking a break from this project. Thanks for all the readers’ support thus far!

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 - Zhang Fatso One Who Speaks Of The Code of Brotherhood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 108 - Zhang Fatso One Who Speaks Of The Code of Brotherhood

Seeing this scene, Li Qinghou inhaled deeply and was too late to block it. He immediately made a hand seal with his right hand and pointed in mid-air. A light screen suddenly appeared, and in a flash, it enveloped the whole Scented Cloud Mountain. This light screen had all the colours in profusion and was extremely magnificent.

At the same time, thousands of lightning streaks were descending all together from within the clouds in the sky, heading straight for Scented Cloud Mountain. They were blocked by this multicoloured light screen, and when all of them fell on the light screen, loud and unceasing rumbling was produced. Ripples reverberated on this light screen, and the lightning streaks were dispelled one after another.

This continued for more than thirty breaths worth of time. When the last streak of lightning had been dispelled, the multicoloured light screen dissipated. All of the disciples in the Scented Cloud Mountain were now trembling. After they had slowly recuperated from the intense crisis that they had courageously faced just now, the eyes of every single one of them were already red as they looked towards Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave altogether.

“Bai Xiaochun!” the roars of countless people shocked the heavens. It is unknown who was the first to dash out, but in an instant, everyone had rushed to Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave. Those Elders and even Li Qinghou had turned into long rainbows and approached at a lightning speed.

Bai Xiaochun, who was on the verge of collapsing inside the immortal cave, closely stared at the pill furnace. When he was astonished that there was no sounds of thunder and was distracted for awhile, he immediately heard deafening roars coming from outside his immortal cave that was countless times more intense than the sounds of thunder.

Bai Xiaochun was so shocked that his face immediately paled. As he jumped high in the air, only then did he realise that his immortal cave was about to collapse. He quickly ran out and just as he left his immortal cave, there was a loud bang from behind him caused by the tremor of too many people rushing towards where he was. His immortal cave was no longer able to hold up and immediately collapsed.

Bai Xiaochun was completely stupefied. When the dust all around him was flying upwards, he realised in horror that he was boundlessly surrounded by disciples from the Scented Cloud Mountain that were glowering at him.

“That…” Bai Xiaochun was just about to explain when Zhou Xinqi let out a mournful sound from within the crowd.

“Bai Xiaochun, compensate me for my immortal cave!”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun!”

“Dammit, my immortal cave has also been destroyed by you!”

“This is too much. You are absolutely not refining pills. First, you exploded the pill furnace again and again, then it was those various kinds of small strange beasts. Now you released lightning. You, you, you…” Countless people were bellowing out, and when they looked at Bai Xiaochun, the anger in everyone’s hearts shook the heavens. They had been tormented in these two years to the point that they were going crazy…

Bai Xiaochun felt wronged. He really was refining pills, but seeing as Zhou Xinqi’s immortal cave that was not far off had been leveled, he was completely apologetic from the bottom of his heart.

Hou Xiaomei and Hou Yunwei were also in the crowd. Even they held helpless looks on their faces now. Hou Xiaomei was partial towards Bai Xiaochun. She bit her silver tooth and was about to justify Bai Xiaochun’s means to everyone in the surroundings but she was surprised when Hou Yunfei covered her mouth. It was very easy to arouse everyone’s fury in this moment…

These disciples from the Scented Cloud Mountain had already made up their mind. They definitely could not let Bai Xiaochun continue refining pills. If not, each and every single one of them would not have the sense of security especially when they recalled the previous lightning. Everyone’s roars were now even more intense.

Seeing as the situation was going out of control, the Elders from the Scented Cloud Mountain turned into a long rainbow and arrived one after another. Even Li Qinghou’s silhouette appeared in mid-air. Only then did the disciples from the Scented Cloud Mountain quietened down as each and every single one of them pitifully looked at Li Qinghou. Their eyes revealed their hopeful intentions for Li Qinghou to deal with the situation for them.

Li Qinghou had an extreme headache. He viciously glared at Bai Xiaochun. Drawing the heavenly thunder was not an extremely difficult task. The heavenly thunder’s attribute was that of Yang and only required the change in plants to form the breath of Yin attributes. However, the amount of thunder just now had truly shocked Li Qinghou. In reality, Li Qinghou also understood that the reason why there was so much thunder had something to do with the Scented Cloud Mountain itself. The Scented Cloud Mountain naturally contained Yin energy.

It was only that the disciples were not aware of it and Bai Xiaochun’s methods were only an attraction to the Yin energy.

At the same time that Bai Xiaochun felt apologetic towards everyone from the bottom of his heart, he also felt slightly wronged and looked expectantly at Li Qinghou.

“Bai Xiaochun, when you refine medicine in the future, you cannot do it on the Scented Cloud Mountain. Go out and refine medicine!” Li Qinghou grudgingly spoke.

“Right, go out and refine. You cannot refine medicine on the Scented Cloud Mountain!”

“How is he refining medicine?! He is refining us!”

“That’s right! If he continues refining like this, I will not feel that it is strange if he destroys the Scented Cloud Mountain one day!” The surrounding disciples were all stirred up and felt that Li Qinghou was too wise.

“I…” Bai Xiaochun was about to explain when Li Qinghou flourished his large sleeve.

“Then it has been decided as such. Everyone, disperse.” After he had finished talking, he then glared at Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun quickly shut his mouth and had a sullen look on his face. He felt sad in his heart and felt that he had disappointed Li Qinghou.

Seeing as Li Qinghou had made the decision, every single one of the disciples glared at Bai Xiaochun and only then did they gradually disperse. Only after their surroundings were absolutely empty did Li Qinghou stood in front of Bai Xiaochun and heaved a long sigh.

“Tell me what caused the thunder cleansing.”

Bai Xiaochun immediately raised his head, revealing intense vigor in his eyes as he hurriedly explained the details of him creating this great technique. When he spoke, he was filled with delight, and after speaking for a long time, he expectantly looked towards Li Qinghou.

Li Qinghou seemed to be deep in thought and slightly nodded his head.

“The medicine recipes are endless. No one dares to say that they have walked to the end of the road. On this road, anything is possible. There are also people in the past who had attempted the method that you speak of, but all of them have failed. The thunder’s power is too strong and it is difficult to control. Even though controlling it has certain effects, but controlling the thunder is an arduous task.”

“This way, wait for your cultivation to be slightly higher in the future. Only when you are at least at the Foundation Establishment level can you try again this method. Now, you do not need to try it anymore,” Li Qinghou could not help but discourage Bai Xiaochun’s attachment to this method and tactfully spoke. After he finished speaking, there was an encouraging look in his eyes. Before leaving, he gently patted Bai Xiaochun’s shoulder.

Bai Xiaochun sighed and sat there, lost in his own thoughts. In his heart, he felt extremely apologetic towards the collapse of many immortal caves. He sighed while seriously mulling over Li Qinghou’s words about not using that method for the mean time.

“I will change the direction that I am researching and use other ways to dispel the impurities. This way, thunder will not come anymore and no one else will be affected. However, where am I going to refine?” Bai Xiaochun pondered, and when he saw the Purple Cauldron Mountain in the distance, his eyes lit up.

Taking advantage of the sky still being bright, Bai Xiaochun straightened himself out and turned his head around, taking a glance at his immortal cave that had already collapsed. There was a determined look in his eyes.

“For pursuing the Dao of Medicine! For refining the Immortality Pill!” Bai Xiaochun resolutely turned around and went down the Scented Cloud Mountain, heading straight for Purple Cauldron Mountain.

As for the Purple Cauldron Mountain, Bai Xiaochun was already very familiar with the place. After all, when he had first searched for Spirit Tailed Chicken with Zhang Fatso One on the Purple Cauldron Mountain, the two of them had walked around the greater part of the Purple Cauldron Mountain. Moreover, when Bai Xiaochun liked making people address him as Senior Uncle, he too had wandered around a great many times on this Purple Cauldron Mountain.

When he now walked on the Purple Cauldron Mountain, he felt that his surroundings were tranquil. Bai Xiaochun sighed ruefully as he looked at the Purple Cauldron Mountain disciples who were not as violent as those on the Scented Cloud Mountain, and there were even a few people who greeted him when they saw him.

He had a smiling face as he headed straight for Zhang Fatso One’s residence. Zhang Fatso One had yet to become an inner sect disciple, hence his residence was still at the position where it originally was. Bai Xiaochun drove a lightweight chariot on a familiar road and arrived in front of Zhang Fatso One’s door when evening fell.

Seeing that Bai Xiaochun had arrived, Zhang Fatso One immediately smiled. The two of them sat in the courtyard. Zhang Fatso One complacently flaunted his spiritual refinement techniques. He also told Bai Xiaochun that he was now already renowned on the Purple Cauldron Mountain, and he was a spiritual refinement genius that everyone knew about.

Bai Xiaochun quickly pursued with a few sentences. The more Zhang Fatso One listened, the happier he got. It was then when Bai Xiaochun let out a dry cough.

“Great Senior Brother, I have something to discuss with you.”

“Speak!” Zhang Fatso One waved his large hand and had the appearance of a generous and forthright person.

“Could you help me look for a place in the Purple Cauldron Mountain and let me refine medicine here?” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly spoke and looked expectantly at Zhang Fatso One.

“Refining medicine? You are already an inner sect disciple. There should be a Medicine Refinement Room inside your immortal cave. That’s right, I have been secluding myself for a while. I had previously been jolted awake by the thunder on your Scented Cloud Mountain. What has happened on your end?” Zhang Fatso One felt slightly flabbergasted. He had secluded himself for the greater part of the year. He did not understand too much of the outside world, what’s more was the matter on the Scented Cloud Mountain. Even though he was quite knowledgeable about the Purple Cauldron Mountain, they were still on different mountains, and he did not understand what had happened on the Scented Cloud Mountain.

“That… I was careless while refining pills which lead to lightning striking my immortal cave.” Bai Xiaochun said with a sullen look on his face.

“Ah?” Zhang Fatso One widened his eyes and hesitated for a moment.

“However, Great Elder Brother, you can relax. I can swear that thunder will definitely not appear again when I am refining medicine here. You can relax. I, Bai Xiaochun, am a man of my word. Moreover, I can already refine Grade Three spiritual medicine now. In the end, I will gift one bottle of Grade Three spiritual medicine to you!” Bai Xiaochun quickly explained and slapped his chest once, guaranteeing with a solemn vow.

Zhang Fatso One’s heartbeat quickened when he heard Bai Xiaochun mentioning the Grade Three spiritual medicine. The price of this kind of Grade Three spiritual medicine in the market was extremely exaggerated. At the same time, Zhang Fatso One also did not have the means to reject Bai Xiaochun’s request. Now that he heard Bai Xiaochun’s guarantee, he thought for a moment and then laughed loudly.

“There is a small matter. I do not have a place to refine medicine here. However, I know a senior brother who manages immortal caves here. I will give him a few benefits and make him secretly lend me an inner sect disciple’s immortal cave. However, I reckon that it would be slightly troublesome if you were to stay for a long period of time.”

“Not long, not long. The least would be a few months. The most would be half a year!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone and he was immediately in high spirits.

Zhang Fatso One nodded his head and made Bai Xiaochun wait there as he turned around and left his residence. When he returned after an incense stick’s worth of time, he had a complacent expression on his face as he held a token in his hands.

“It is done. Even though it is not an exceptionally good immortal cave, it still have a Medicine Refinement Room and is not far from where I live. I will bring you there.”

Bai Xiaochun cheered and flattered Zhang Fatso One with a few sentences. Zhang Fatso One was very happy and brought Bai Xiaochun to where the immortal cave was, and only then did he leave.

This immortal cave was very simple and was uncomparable to the immortal cave that Bai Xiaochun had on the Scented Cloud Mountain. It was very small, but to Bai Xiaochun, as long as it had a Medicine Refinement Room, this immortal cave was more than enough.

He sat in the Medicine Refinement Room, feeling perfectly content as he inhaled deeply.

“It is still the Great Senior Brother who speaks of the Code of Brotherhood!”

Bai Xiaochun felt very touched. He was mulling over the fact that he definitely could not attempt the thunder cleansing method and would not use small beasts to test out strange pills. As for exploding the pill furnace, Bai Xiaochun could already completely avoid this issue. He pondered here and there and felt that from here on out, other problems wouldn’t appear while he refined medicine anymore.

“Start researching ways to dispel the impurities!” Bai Xiaochun settled down and took out spiritual herbs. His eyes revealed that he was pondering and his brain continuously analysed and inferred, gradually immersing himself in medicine recipes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translator: Nat

Editors: Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 - The Drizzle At The Purple Cauldron Mountain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 109 - The Drizzle At The Purple Cauldron Mountain

During the first month at the Purple Cauldron Mountain, Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave was silent; he didn’t affect the Purple Cauldron disciples in the slightest, causing Zhang Fatso One to be relieved. Even on the several occasions where he had visited Bai Xiaochun, he would always find him refining. Slowly, the visits he paid had gradually lessened.

However… One month later.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone brightly as he gazed at the pill in front of him. Upon closer inspection, he began laughing loudly; his excitement was obvious from his expression. For the past month, he had heated the furnace four times, trying to discover a new method in order to get rid of the impurities, and at this moment, he finally found a new method!

“The Thunder Cleansing is one method, and at the same time, cleansing the pills of impurities from within is also a viable method!”

“I, Bai Xiaochun, really am a genius! Haha! I’ll be using the law of the herbs allelopathic nature, and in the time when I refine the medicine, I’ll use this method to create a burning effect; forcing out the impurities in the medicine! This way, a newly refined pill will no longer be a toxic pill!” The more Bai Xiaochun thought about it, the more excited he became. Taking a deep breath, he immediately heated the furnace.

Stalks after stalks of herbs were placed into the furnace. After he arranged them, he applied his own thinking; he added a number of unnecessary herbs which weren’t used in refining. He constantly took note of every minute detail.

Four days later, Bai Xiaochun sunk into madness once again; he repeatedly spun the furnace while adjusting the earth fire, adding in extra herbs in the process. He would increase or lessen the amount depending on the situation.

It was late at night in the same day when Bai Xiaochun noticed something and glanced at the furnace. I began to shake and a cracking sound resounded from within the furnace. Black smoke rose and burned Bai Xiaochun’s throat, seemingly carrying some trace of poison in it. With a wave of his arm, Bai Xiaochun quickly sent the black smoke out of his immortal cave. It floated up in the sky and a great half of it stayed within the layers of clouds above the Purple Cauldron Mountain, while the other part drifted away in the wind; it silently made its way towards Green Peak Mountain.

Only after the immortal cave was clear of the black smoke did Bai Xiaochun go back to the furnace, gazing at a pill below him. Picking it up, Bai Xiaochun saw that even though it was still a toxic pill, the impurity level was only above ninety percent; it was ten percent lower.

Bai Xiaochun had instantly become pleased; he believed his speculation was correct. The only thing needed now was endless refining until he discover the refining method.

“Haha... My refining method this time around isn’t very disruptive. No lightning nor tremors, and it didn’t affect any other disciples at all!” Bai Xiaochun was happy; he didn’t want to enrage the other disciples due to his own refining problems.

Bai Xiaochun was satisfied. He sat in a corner and crossed his legs. After finishing his daily cultivation training with the Elephant Dragon Ocean Forming Technique and the Undying Longevity Technique, he also trained the Water Nation Technique.

After finally completing his cultivation, he went back to the Medicine Refinement Room and began refining medicine once more.

This time, he was bursting with excitement. Almost everyday, he refined medicine at least four to five times, and every single time he refined, he would send the black smoke out of his immortal cave.

Ten days later, he had a pleasant discovery; for every ten pellets he refined, only four were toxic, which only had ninety seven or ninety eight percent impurity; their impurity level was lower than the hundred percent before.

In the six instances of success among the ten, the impurity level had decreased as well! If this continued, refining medium quality Grade Three medicine is just around the corner!

Bai Xioachun’s eyes burnt with passion; he didn’t seem care for anything at all, as though he was in secluded cultivation. He began his insane routine of medicine refining, constantly recording and changing his notes. His daily furnace usage count reached around seven and eight; masses of black smoke spread out from his immortal cave everyday, floating up in the sky and dissipating. Half a month passed and he excitedly learned that the impurity level of his toxic pills lowered to ninety-five percent.

During Bai Xiaochun’s two month stay at the Purple Cauldron Mountain, many disciples of the Scented Cloud Mountain all let out a sigh of relief. They didn’t know where Bai Xiaochun went, and they were just pleasantly enjoying the new tranquility of the Scented Cloud Mountain.

Other than Zhang Fatso One, the disciples of Purple Cauldon Mountain had no idea that Bai Xiaochun was currently refining medicine in Purple Cauldron Mountain, and slowly, everything concerning the troubling events of which Bai Xiaochun’s pill refinement had caused began to spread in the Purple Cauldron Mountain. Zhang Fatso One became worried, he began bothering Bai Xiaochun more frequently.

He would have never thought that Bai Xiaochun would have made such a huge disaster in the Scented Cloud Mountain. But although he was worried, when he saw that Bai Xiaochun was quiet, and seeing that he didn’t cause any trouble, Zhang Fatso’s heart gradually calmed down.

Time quickly flew as another month passed by. Bai Xiaochun’s medicine refinement had been going on for three months now, and from his immortal cave, even more black smoke emerged; it attracted the attention of other disciples from the Purple Cauldron Mountain, but they didn’t think much about it...

Zhang Fatso One, on the other hand, was as unworried as ever. The only troubling thing was the rain that recently started in the Purple Cauldron Mountain. The rain was extremely peculiar, only appearing on Purple Cauldron Mountain and nowhere else.

The rainwater was slightly dirty, forming spots of dirt whenever it landed on someone. As time passed by, many disciples of the Purple Cauldron Mountain began to believe that something was amiss. Bai Xiaochun’s insanity for medicine refinement reached an unprecedented height… The frequency of his furnace usage daily had gone above fifteen!

There was barely any resting time in between, causing Bai Xiaochun to become extremely pale; his impure pills, on the other hand, had a rapid decrease in the impurity rate, reaching ninety-two or ninety-three percent.

“Only a few more months and then I’ll be confident that the impurity rate will drop below ninety percent, making them low tier medicine!” Bai Xiaochun excitedly shouted, once again submerging himself in medicine refinement when an uproar began in the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

Zhang Fatso One, who was currently walking somewhere in the Purple Cauldron Mountain, suddenly noticed that the rain got heavier. His eyes widened as he noticed the smell of acid within the raindrops. As it landed on his body, no harm was done to the body. However, at the moment the raindrop touched his clothes, it began to… melt…

Zhang Fatso One’s eyes were wide open, and after a brief moment of staring blankly, he yelped, realizing that his clothes were almost gone, prompting him to hastily return to his courtyard.

The screaming Zhang Fatso One couldn’t believe his eyes as he saw the clothes of all the disciples getting melted in the entire Purple Cauldron Mountain. Any disciple who were wettened by the rain had their clothes quickly melted. Some especially unfortunate people had no clothing at all; they shrieked in agony.

“Oh my god! What… What is going on?!”

“My clothes!”

“What type of rain is this? It’s kind of sour and doesn’t harm anyone, but it’s actually melting clothes?!”

“Dammit, even protective light is useless against it!” The Purple Cauldron Mountain, at this moment, went insane. Unless one hid under shelter, even if new clothes were put on, everything would instantly melt under the rain.

With a glance at the Purple Cauldron Mountain, anyone could see that it was in utter chaos. Some older inner sect disciples were going crazy as well; they had never encountered a situation like this before, while the female disciples shrieked endlessly.

Even the elders of the Purple Cauldron Mountain were shocked; some of them even used spells outside as rain poured on them, creating a cool sensation in the atmosphere…

At the same time, many people saw masses of black smoke rising up to the sky from Bai Xaiochun’s immortal cave, and as more went up, the stronger the rain’s acidic effects.

At the moment this new smoke emerged, one inner sect disciple with clothes barely covering his body was flying quickly with a panicked face, only to slam into the screen of black smoke.

When he re-emerged, all traces of clothing on his body vanished completely… The disciple stared blankly for a moment, before distressingly shouting in agony as electricity exploded around him, covering him as he quickly put on new clothes which, were obviously still melting...

“What’s going on? Who’s in this immortal cave? Get out at once!” This inner sect disciple… was the one and only Lu Tianlei.

Other disciples, as of this moment, also found the root of the problem; all of them began furiously yelling.

“Dammit! It’s coming from there! I knew something was wrong; this immortal cave shouldn’t have anyone living in it, but black smoke has been coming out from here for these last few months!”

“This black smoke is the culprit! It flew up in the sky these few months, affecting the weather, causing this sort of acid rain to pour down!”

Just as the crowd was yelling angrily, Zhang Fatso One hid under a roof, staring blankly at the scene; his mind was going completely insane as he stared at the rain. He suddenly understood the feelings of all the disciples in the Scented Cloud Mountain.

On the peak of the mountain, Ancestor Xu Meixiang of the Purple Cauldron Mountain gazed at the event with a blank face, staying inside her loft, afraid to go out. Raising her right hand and pointing towards the sky, the Purple Cauldron Mountain was instantly covered by a layer of protective light. With the emergence of that light, rain from the sky was completely cut off from the mountain.

However, it was futile; even this protective light quickly melted from the rainwater.

Taking advantage of this opportunity and protection from the rain, all the Purple Cauldron disciples speedily put on new clothes, filling the air with rage and killing intent as they charged straight towards Bai Xiaochun’s immortal cave.

At the same time, many of the disciples on Scented Cloud Mountain saw the protective light covering the entire Purple Cauldron Mountain as well as the rain, making the disciples feel surprised.

.

“What’s happening at the Purple Cauldron Mountain?”

But to their surprise, a sudden burst of countless voices reverberated through the heaven and earth, full of rage as it spread out from the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

“BAI! XIAO! CHUN!”

The reverberation of voices resounded everywhere, even slightly shaking the Purple Cauldron Mountain! Meanwhile, all the disciples on Scented Cloud Mountain mind’s shuddered; they instantly understood what was going on.

“Bai Xiaochun went to the Purple Cauldron Mountain to refine medicine!”

“That must be it! The ancestor didn’t let him refine in the Scented Cloud Mountain, so he went to the Purple Cauldron Mountain instead!”

Just as the disciples of the Purple Cauldron Mountain were going insane, Bai Xiaochun cried out in agony as he was blown into the air. He was so terrified that his heart felt tremors. He had a look of helplessness on his face; he was passionately refining medicine when a sudden eruption of countless spells burst into the immortal cave he was in. Raising his head in confusion, he was stunned as he met the furious glares of countless disciples around him.

Especially Lu Tianlei who had lightning permeating around his body. He was the first one to charge at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun was extremely shocked, but he quickly recovered as his wings were instantly released from his back. He hastily charged out, escaping as fast as possible from the wrathful disciples behind him. Over ten thousand of Purple Cauldron’s disciples were furiously chasing after him.

Zhang Fatso One, who was watching the scene on the mountain, swallowed a mouthful of air; he pretended to be unaware of the events which had just happened. He decided that he would never let anyone discover that it was him who agreed to let Bai Xiaochun refine here, and the fact that he was the person who found an immortal cave for him.

While the disciples of the Purple Cauldron Mountain were furiously chasing after Bai Xiaochun, suddenly…

A cry of exclamation sounded out from the Green Peak Mountain...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 - Sent To The Ten Thousand Snakes Valley
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 110 - Sent To The Ten Thousand Snakes Valley

None of the disciples knew that when Bai Xiaochun was refining medicine on the Purple Cauldron Mountain, out of all the black smoke that had billowed out of his immortal cave, half of the smoke had remained within the layers of clouds in the sky, while the other half had been blown to the air above the Green Peak Mountain due to the seasonal winds.

Once or twice wasn’t an issue since the smoke would slowly dissipate and couldn’t bring any harm. However, with the accumulation of smoke every day, after the downpour of acid rain in the Purple Cauldron Mountain, even the Green Peak Mountain began to stir.

Currently a group of Green Peak Mountain disciples were enjoying the spectacle; in regards to the catastrophe of the Scented Cloud Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain disciples, those from the Green Peak Mountain felt surprised in their hearts. Moreover, they were gloating over the misery of the other two mountains. Each of the disciples present resolutely made a decision within their hearts; from this day onwards, they would strictly prevent Bai Xiaochun from taking a single step onto the Green Peak Mountain.

Even Black Fatso Three’s close friends had warned her about this.

However, just at this moment, a drizzle fell the sky above the Green Peak Mountain. The disciples were all briefly stunned before lifting their heads to look at the sky. The disciples were shocked; black ominous clouds began to gather in the sky above Green Peak Mountain.

Even though the clouds weren’t as dense as those in the Purple Cauldron Mountain, the rain that fell was still the same acid rain; it corroded the disciple’s clothes, and in no time, cries of shock and surprise filled the air of the Green Peak Mountain.

As more cries resounded, countless sword lights instantaneously appeared on the Green Peak Mountain as a group of disciples sprinted towards the foot of the Purple Cauldron Mountain. At this moment, Bai Xiaochun was being chased by the disciples of the Purple Cauldron Mountain.

“BAI XIAOCHUN!”

“God dammit! Don’t tell me Bai Xiaochun secretly came to our Green Peak Mountain?!”

“It must be the case. This insane demon of evil pills... He must have secretly sneaked into our Green Peak Mountain and refined some medicine!”

The disciples of the Green Peak Mountain were past the brink of insanity; quite a number of people had their clothes from head to toe corroded away. They hastily put on new clothes but it was futile. Chaos immediately erupted in the entire Green Peak Mountain as howls of rage resounded in the air. They now shared a common enemy with the Purple Cauldron Mountain disciples as they also chased after Bai Xiaochun.

Shangguan Tianyou was also within the crowd. Although his clothes were more or less intact, his killing intent was stronger than ever; he had finally gotten a chance to take revenge for his tragedy in the Desolate Mountain Range.

As loud crashes and noises echoed in the air, Bai Xiaochun let out a shriek; he was shocked and filled with disbelief. It was understandable that the Purple Cauldron disciples were chasing after him, but why are those from the Green Peak Mountain coming after him too?

Especially after hearing those words of the Green Peak Mountain disciples, Bai Xiaochun felt extremely wronged and indignant deep in his heart.

“I really didn’t go the Green Peak Mountain!”

“You are lying!” Tens of thousands of Green Peak Mountain disciples all charged out at this very moment; some were standing on their swords in mid-air as they hastily approached. After hearing Bai Xiaochun’s words, they immediately flew into a rage.

Even more sword lights whistled through the air and headed straight towards Bai Xiaochun; the disciples of the Purple Cauldron Mountain, at the same time, also unleashed their magic techniques, making Bai Xiaochun to scream in fright.

“I have bled for this sect before…”

“Hong!” The Purple Cauldron disciples still unleashed their attacks, causing the frightened Bai Xiaochun to run desperately for his dear life.

“AAAHHH, I am an Honourable Disciple!”

“Hong! Hong!” Countless sword lights were released from the Green Peak Mountain disciples as the wings on Bai Xiaochun’s back started to flap rapidly and beads of cold sweat started to form on his forehead.

“I am the Junior Brother of our Sect Head!” he desperately screamed.

“Even if you are the Sect Master’s biological son, we will still pulverise you today no matter what!” The disciples from the two mountains gathered together; although no one knew which disciple shouted these words, it still evoked the agreement of countless people as they all continued to chase after Bai Xiaochun.

“You guys… you guys are unreasonable! Murder, this is murder!” Bai Xiaochun felt his scalp go numb; he believed that these people had all gone mad. He hadn’t done anything except for trying to refine some medicine. Did they have to resort to such extreme actions?

With an agonized expression, Bai Xiaochun unleashed all his speed and instantly escaped towards the Scented Cloud Mountain; at this moment, he finally realised that the Scented Cloud disciples were still the gentler ones, and this was the only place he could treat as his home.

The disciples chased Bai Xiaochun all the way to the Scented Cloud Mountain; all of them could only watch helplessly as Bai Xiaochun escaped rapidly without a trace like a mouse whose tail was stepped on. Each of them let out a howl of frustration, some were even more rash and even dashed up the Scented Cloud Mountain.

But, at this moment, a cold snort that carried a hint of anger suddenly resounded from the peak of the Scented Cloud Mountain; it echoed throughout the surroundings like a clap of thunder.

“Are you disciples planning to rebel?! Scram!”

As his words echoed in the air, thunder rumbled in the sky and a lightning flashed; as for those disciples that charged up the Scented Cloud Mountain, each of them spat out a mouthful of blood as they hurriedly retreated. There was even an invisible force that pushed the surrounding disciples back. Once they recovered from shock due to the sudden turn of events, the infuriated disciples glanced towards each other. They had realised that they had been too rash just now; they quickly lowered their heads and clasped their hands together before rapidly retreating.

This entire farce had finally come to an end.

Bai Xiaochun stood on top of the Scented Cloud Mountain as he watched over this scene; emotions immediately filled him as he felt overwhelmed. It was as if he was a child who had just lost a fight and his parent had stood up for him by giving the other party a thorough beating.

“That’s right. Are you guys thinking of rebelling? Especially those of you from the Green Peak Mountain, you guys…” Bai Xiaochun spoke arrogantly as he jumped up and down while gesturing wildly. He was just about to tell those disciples from the Green Peak Mountain that he did not even refine any medicine at their place, when, all of a sudden, a wall of imposing pressure descended upon him as the figure of Li Qinghou appeared before him. Sporting a livid expression, Li Qinghou flicked his right sleeve as Bai Xiaochun felt his body moving on its own. Li Qinghou stretched out his hand and grabbed Bai Xiaochun by his collar.

“Uncle Li, I… I really didn’t go to the Green Peak... Aaahh!!!” Bai Xiaochun stuttered as he felt his heart tremble. He rapidly tried to explain, but before he could even finish his words, he was already pulled in the air by Li Qinghou.

In the distance, the countless disciples, which had come from the two mountains and were on their way back, all witnessed this scene; their hearts immediately erupted with joy as those Scented Cloud Mountain disciples similarly looked up into the sky with weird expressions. All of them simultaneously let out a sigh of relief deep inside of their hearts.

“This Bai Xiaochun is going to be unlucky this time around!”

“To provoke the rage of the Ancestor... Bai Xiaochun is doomed!”

“It’s more than just provoking the Ancestor’s rage. The entire Southern Bank was driven to the brink of insanity.” Just as countless of people felt consoled deep in their hearts, Bai Xiaochun was frightened to death with a pale face; he had realised that they were actually heading to…

“Ten... Ten Thousand Snakes Valley! Uncle Li, I was wrong!” with a pale expression, Bai Xiaochun immediately began begging for mercy.

Soon, Li Qinghou had brought Bai Xiaochun, who was screaming throughout the entire journey, to the entrance of the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley at the back of the Scented Cloud Mountain. The moment they entered, countless of poisonous snakes cocked their heads up as they let out - “Sii! Sii!” - hisses; poisonous fluid spat out from their mouth.

Bai Xiaochun was terrified to the point that his entire body was shivering; especially when he found out that Li Qinghou was actually taking him into a cave deep inside the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley.

“All I wanted to do was to refine medicine! I never wanted this to happen…”

“Uncle Li... listen to my explanation! I listened to your demands; I didn’t refine medicine on the Scented Cloud Mountain, I...” Bai Xiaochun was filled with anxiety as he quickly tried to explain. But the more he explained, the gloomier Li Qinghou’s face became; it only caused Li Qinghou to increase his speed as they flew into the cave in an instant.

The surroundings were pitch black, but very quickly, pairs after pairs of cold eyes suddenly appeared and coldly stared at Bai Xiaochun and Li Qinghou. Bai Xiaochun could feel their presence and aura more prominently compared to his previous time, especially when he used his cultivation to sense them.

He was shocked after discovering that the terror of this place had far exceeded his previous expectations by a large margin.

At this time, Bai Xiaochun swept a glance around. Even though it was pitch black here, with the circulation of some spiritual qi, he could still see a little bit. Since he had memorised the five chapters of Spirit Beasts, Bai Xiaochun was able to recognise some of the snakes, as he recalled some information regarding these snakes.

“Three-step Snake”

“Dawn-Eyed Python!!”

“That is… a Golden Silver Bug Snake!” Bai Xiaochun was shocked; the venom of these snakes, when referenced to the five chapters of Spirit Beasts, were all strong and unparalleled venoms. Even a Foundation Establishment cultivator would be poisoned to death if he wasn’t treated right away

After the time it took for half an incense stick to burn, Li Qinghou had already taken Bai Xiaochun into the depths of the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley. In this place, there was a desolate underground cavern. Countless snakes hissed in the surroundings; there were even seven or eight snakes that gave off an aura comparable to a cultivator at the 8th level of Qi Condensation. These snakes had red eyes with venomous fluid dripping out of their mouth which created potholes on the floor. The entire scene was able to make anyone feel a chill run down their spine.

Not too far away was a stone house which was surrounded by a few formation arrays, preventing any snakes from coming over in a radius of ten zhang. However, even if the snakes couldn’t come close, to be surrounded on all four sides by a dense crowd of snakes still gave Bai Xiaochun a strong sense of danger.

“Whoosh.”Li Qinghou waved his sleeve from outside the stone house and directly threw Bai Xiaochun inside the radius of the formation arrays

“Don’t you want to refine pills? Just do it here. There is a pill furnace and Earth Fire here in the stone house. While refining here, you won’t disturb the other disciples,” Li Qinghou gave off a cold snort as he threw a storage pouch towards Bai Xiaochun.

“There are enough medicinal grasses and food in here to last for awhile. Just live at this place quietly. Once you have matured, I will bring you out of here,” Li Qinghou gave a stern look towards Bai Xiaochun before he lowered his head to check the surrounding formation arrays on the ground. After confirming that the formation arrays had no issues, he finally flew off. Li Qinghou also felt exasperated; he had only come to this decision because he wanted to fix Bai Xiaochun’s mischievous personality once and for all. He wanted to change Bai Xiachun’s temperament.

Nonetheless, deep in his heart, he was also worried. Thus, he purposely paid extra attention to those formation arrays. When he confirmed that the formation arrays had no problems, he left with a complacent heart. With his understanding of Bai Xiaochun, he was sure that Bai Xiaochun would never dare to take a step out of the formation arrays.

Bai Xiaochun wore a depressed look on his face as he helplessly watch Li Qinghou leave. Without the pressure from Li Qinghou, the surrounding snakes immediately sprang into action as they all came and surrounded the stone house where Bai Xiaochun was. All of these snakes revealed their vicious fangs, ome of them even tried to attack the formation arrays, causing the air to be saturated with venomous fluids.

At some distance away, the few venomous snakes that were at the 8th level of Qi Condensation were coldly gazing at Bai Xiaochun. The look on their eyes indicated that they couldn’t wait to swallow him, causing Bai Xiaochun’s heart to madly tremble.

“That is a Divine Blood Snake... comparable to the 8th level of Qi Condensation. One drop of its venom is enough to kill over ten thousand people!”

Even worse was that he could obviously sense that in this unimaginably huge snake cavern, there were still three auras that were comparable to the 9th level of Qi Condensation, and even some distinct auras of two entities that were at the peak of the Qi Condensation.

These vibrations were not given off by cultivators. Instead, they came from venomous snakes in the cavern.

What made his heart shudder the most, was that in here, he vaguely felt an even stronger and more discreet aura that carried a hint of viciousness, as though it was watching every move he took.

Time passed quickly as the sky outside gradually darkened. With a gloomy expression, Bai Xiaochun let out a sigh of despair.

“What should I do…?”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Arch, Mantoulnv, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 - Touching The Limits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 111 - Touching The Limits

Nightfall. The moon hung brightly in the world outside, but within the cave, it was entirely pitch black. From his surroundings, Bai Xiaochun heard countless hissing sounds, causing him to feel goosebumps all over his body. This motivated him to quickly retreat to the interior of the stone house.

The stone house was extremely small. Other than the Earth Fire formation array on the ground alongside a pill furnace placed on top of it, there wasn’t anything else.

Bai Xiaochun sighed as he activated the Earth Fire formation array. Seeing the light produced by the flames, he felt relieved. His personality was always that of going with the flow, hence, even though the current situation was terrifying, he had no choice but to adapt to it. He opened the storage pouch that Li Qinghou had given him and his eyes instantly widened.

Within the storage pouch was a huge amount of medicinal grass, some of them even required a great amount of contribution points before they could be exchanged from the sect! There were even a few stalks of medicinal grass which Bai Xiaochun had only heard of in the five chapters of the Plants and Herbs scriptures; the sect didn’t even provide these types of medicinal grass!

As for the other types of medicinal grass, their quantity was simply staggering! If he used them sparingly, it would not only be enough for Bai Xiaochun to refine Rank 3 spirit medicines, but also enough to refine Rank 4 spirit medicines!

Bai Xiaochun immediately felt a surge of excitement; he heated the pill furnace and begun to refine medicine. It was only through this could he distract himself from his terrifying surroundings. He still had some experiments which were incomplete, hence he decided to complete them this time around and attempt to lower the impurities in the Rank 3 toxic pill to below 90%.

Time quickly passed, and in the blink of an eye, it was already three months since Li Qinghou had brought him in the snake cavern. With disheveled hair, Bai Xiaochun sat in the stone house lost in his own world. He incessantly refined pills, causing the cave to be filled with plumes and fumes composed of mist and smoke. This poisonous smoke which could form acid rain in the outside world, surprisingly, became the favourite food of the venomous snakes in the snake cave. Every single snake competed for the smoke in order to devour it as eye-piercing hissing noises resounded in the process.

However, Bai Xiaochun paid no heed to this; he was already occupied with refining medicine at this moment, and he was at the most critical point. He had already lowered the impurities within the toxic pill to approximately ninety-one or ninety-two percent, and with just a little more, he would finally succeed!.

With bloodshot eyes, Bai Xiaochun incessantly refined spirit medicine, and in the blink of an eye, another three months had passed.

He had already stayed for half a year within this snake cavern, and within this half year, other than refining pills, the only other part of his routine was cultivation. Every day, he would cultivated the Water Nation Technique, radiating a domineering pressure whilst doing so. However, it was a pity that his Life Spirit still hadn’t materialised.

As for the surrounding snakes, it was as if Bai Xiaochun had gotten somewhat used to them. Occasionally, he would walk out of the stone house in deep thought as he paced around the boundaries of the formation array. On these occasions, the surrounding venomous snakes would always reveal ruthless dark gazes which followed Bai Xiaochun’s every step; the moment he took a single step out of the formation array, they would instantly charge towards him.

Li Qinghou had also secretly visited numerous times. Only after confirming that Bai Xiaochun had no issues did he eventually stop worrying about Bai Xiaochun.

Throughout the South Bank outside, with the disappearance of the Bai Xiaochun for the past half year, tranquil days had finally returned; there weren’t any more lightning, poisonous mist nor acid rain; the disciples cherished these long lost days of tranquility.

From time to time, people would still think of Bai Xiaochun, however, after many disciples heard of his accommodation into the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley by Li Qinghou, they could only lament on his fate. Even amongst the disciples, if anyone wanted to break the sect’s rules, they would always remember Bai Xiaochun’s deeds, creating a new saying that spread like wildfire.

“As a proper human, don’t be like Bai Xiaochun!”

“You shouldn’t do this, even if Bai Xiaochun were to do it, he would still be punished, you should reconsider.”

Another half a year had passed, and it had already been a whole year since Bai Xiaochun’s disappearance, and even the Sect Head, Zheng Yuandong, lamented.

“Bai Xiaochun... Sending him to the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley was absolutely the right decision; only snakes exist there, and he won’t be able to affect other people.”

However, be it Zheng Yuandong, Li Qinghou, or any disciple of the three mountains, they had obviously underestimated Bai Xiaochun!

On this day, within the stone house, Bai Xiaochun had refined another batch of medicine; only this time, there wasn’t any black smoke, and the pill that formed in the pill furnace was finally no longer a toxic pill, but rather a low-grade pill with an impurity content of 89.9 percent!

Even though it was the lowest of the lowest grade pill, it was still a completely different existence from a toxic pill.

Bai Xiaochun felt excitement surge through his body as he lifted his head and laughed loudly at the sky. He immediately heated a few more furnaces, and afterwards, he had finally confirmed that his expertise regarding Rank 3 spirit medicine refinement had finally reached the standard of… succeeding ten times out of ten!

Bai Xiaochun already had a solid foundation and experience regarding refining Rank 3 spirit medicine, and even those he hadn’t yet refined were just out of reach. The only thing needed now was resolving some simple problems and he could bring those other medicines to an equally perfect ten out of ten success rate.

Bai Xiaochun was emotional as he charged out of the stone house; the echoes of his laughter still resounded in the air. He even held a sense of pride; as of this day, he had paid an exorbitant price and an even greater amount of time.

He even managed to get thrown into this place, but in the instant Bai Xiaochun succeeded, he felt that everything was worth it.

Bai Xiaochun sucked in a deep breath and waved his little sleeve as he glanced arrogantly at the group of snakes.

“The only thing left to do now is cultivate. The ninth level of Qi Condensation and the Impenetrable Golden Skin!” Bai Xiaochun happily turned around and walked back inside the stone house and took out the newly refined pills.

He took out his turtle-shell pot and spirit refined every single one of the pills he had refined, and after which, he immediately swallowed them.

Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation increased daily; he was originally at the peak of the eighth level of Qi Condensation, only a hair’s breadth away from making a breakthrough. A month later, while Bai Xiaochun sat cross-legged, an enormous battle elephant appeared within his consciousness, causing the entirety of his cultivation to burst forth like a hundred streams converging into an ocean. Within his body, his spiritual power erupted, as if it had vaguely transformed into a huge ocean.

Looking closely, this huge ocean was in the shape of a dragon; as if a dragon had appeared inside of his body, swimming throughout all of his meridians, causing his flesh and bones to give off crackling noises. It was at this moment that a silhouette of a huge elephant abruptly appeared behind his back.

The huge elephant had long hair covering its entire body; it lifted its front legs as if it was roaring at the sky. Suddenly, it stomped its foot down, and although the ground remained unscathed, an unseen ripple of force mercilessly spread outwards, causing the surrounding snakes to all jump in fright. Even the seven to eight Divine Blood Snakes in the distance lifted their heads and gave out sharp glares as their scales stood erect.

The Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture; after Bai Xiaochun had materialised the huge elephant, he naturally broke through the first level of the scripture during the surge of his spiritual power. His cultivation level had also increased from the eighth level of Qi Condensation to the ninth level of Qi Condensation!

Likewise, his physical strength increased; circulating the blood in his body, he felt as though his body had expanded. His flesh and muscles rippled wildly, and within every inch of his muscles, a shocking amount of strength was being contained.

It was as if it had merged together with his Unending Longevity Technique, causing Bai Xiaochun’s silver skin to undulate brightly. Under each of his technique’s complementary effect, it was as if Bai Xiaochun’s body had mutated. His physical strength had actually touched a bottleneck; a bottleneck which was seemingly impossible for an ordinary human body to breakthrough!

A loud explosion echoed through his consciousness, similar to the synchronised chime of ten thousand bells; it was as if water was incessantly being forced into a bottle which was already full, causing the bottle to tremble as lines and cracks began to form.

Bai Xiaochun’s entire body shook violently as he abruptly opened his eyes. In the instant he opened his eyes, his gaze had a sharp radiance that could make anyone’s heart jump in shock.

As of this moment, if any Qi Condensation disciple were to witness Bai Xiaochun, other than a few special people, they would definitely revel in shock; although the pressure was not that of a Foundation Establishment cultivator, it still made people tremble and gave them a sense of submission deep within their hearts.

It was as if they were facing the suppression of a higher life form!

“Humans have limits, be it in cultivation or the physical body. There will always be unbreakable limits during one’s life… This was the prologue to the Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture, no wonder… So this is the limit!”

“Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture… The strength of the elephant corresponds to the body, allowing the cultivator to reach the peak in physical strength; the strength of the dragon corresponds to the spirit, allowing the cultivator to reach the peak of the Qi Condensation realm. This is the purpose of the first level and second level, to let one reach the the peaks, while not touching one’s limits. After which, when a person cultivates to the third level, the merging of the dragon and elephant would cause the technique to rise once more, enabling one to reach the realm of touching one’s limits. After which, one could then rely on the veins of the heaven and earth, or the power of the Foundation Establishment pill to break through in one swoop, forming a Qi Ocean, eventually becoming a true Foundation Establishment cultivator!” Bai Xiaochun muttered.

“Hence, this Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture cannot be cultivated by any average person. It is only for those who cultivate both the body and the qi, and only after reaching the eighth level of Qi Condensation, could they then perfectly cultivate the Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture.”

“Even though the Unending Longevity Technique is only an incomplete with only the Impenetrable skin, the mysterious elder who saved me that year once said that after I reached the Impenetrable Golden Skin, I would be able to touch the first level of limits, and whether or not I could break through was dependent on my luck.”

“I believe that what I had just perceived... is the supposed… limit!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes had a radiant glint as the pitch black stone house was lit up in that instant.

“The first patriarch created this Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture, and only once cultivated to the end could one then merge both Dragon and Elephant in order to touch one’s limits. However, it’s only a touch, and that’s the furthest it will go.”

“And the first chapter of the Unending Longevity Technique, the Impenetrable Skin, would allow one to touch the limits, but this isn’t the apex. The apex is to be able to make a breakthrough, and it’s only when one breaks through the limit could one cultivate the second chapter of the Unending Longevity Technique, the Undying King Kong!”

“Currently, I have only cultivated to the first level of the Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture as well as the peak of the Impenetrable Silver Skin. However, with the complementary effects of both skills, it allowed me to touch the limit in advance!”

“If this is the case, then if either one of these skills were to make a breakthrough, I would be able to… surpass the first level of the limits!” Bai Xiaochun was overwhelmed with emotions, and when he pondered a second time, he found a question that rekindled his excitement.

“If my guess is correct, once I breakthrough to the Impenetrable Golden Skin and the third level of the Dragon Elephant Ocean Transformation Scripture, my physical body... just to what extent would it grow to?”

Bai Xiaochun didn’t have an answer, but he greatly anticipated the day it would could. At this moment, he sucked in a deep breath and pulled out the pill medicine he refined. After swallowing it to increase his Qi, he immediately began cultivating the Unending Longevity Technique.

Silver light illuminated, and within his body, vague golden strands began to appear. Although it was extremely faint, it represented that Bai Xiaochun’s Unending Longevity Technique had the potential to reach the realm of the Impenetrable Golden Skin!

After the time the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Bai Xiaochun ended his cultivation and left the stone house surging with excitement. Looking over the surrounding cave, he subconsciously assumed an air of an expert, and with a flick of his sleeve, he arrogantly said, “I am already at the ninth level of the Qi Condensation. Once I have opened the first limit, out of all the cultivators at the eighth level of Qi Condensation under this heaven, who can be my opponent?”

Bai Xiaochun lamented and let out a sigh. All of a sudden, the surrounding venomous snakes were all roused with the appearance of Bai Xiaochun; a number of them even let out hisses and spat out their venom towards him.

Especially for the seven or eight Divine Blood Snakes at the eighth level of Qi Condensation in the distance; they immediately sprang up, and with a whistle through the air, collided onto the formation array’s light barrier which had just materialised right in front the Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun jumped in shocked and gazed angrily at these surrounding snakes who had interrupted his sigh; gazing at the cold eyes of each snake and the continuous stream of venom flying through the air, Bai Xiaochun was enraged.

“Do you really think that I, your Grandfather Bai, has no means against you?! Don’t force me, you guys…” Bai Xiaochun did not even manage to finish his sentence, when another volley of snakes sprang at him once again; the sounds of them colliding against the barrier echoed before Bai Xiaochun.

“Alright... This is what you’ve forced me to do!” Bai Xiaochun bellowed in rage as he turned and walked straight back into the stone house.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Arch, Mantoulnv, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 - The Rabbit’s Back
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 112 - The Rabbit’s Back

“These snakes are too ugly, not cute at all!” Bai Xiaochun was extremely angry. He sat cross legged in front of the pill furnace as he arrogantly scoffed

“I, Bai Xiaochun, have already mastered Grade 3 medicine pills. Insignificant snakes, see whether or not I can take care of you!”

“Don’t you guys always like to spit venom? Don’t you always like to bare your fangs? Ugh.. I want to refine a medicine pill to make you shut up!” Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeve as his whole body suddenly rose with ambition; as of this moment, he was pondering over a recipe.

“To make these snakes shut up, I would need a medicine pill that has a strong viscosity effect, so it can make their venoms sticky…” Bai Xiaochun cunningly laughed and immediately immersed himself in choosing which combination of medicinal grass would be the most appropriate.

Seven days quickly passed and Bai Xiaochun entered his demonic insanity mode again. He had already done detailed research on the countless types of medicinal grass in his storage pouch, and he finally chose thirty-seven types of medicinal grass.

All the medicinal grass were brewed with a special method and turned into a material which had an extremely strong viscosity. However, Bai Xiaochun was still not satisfied. He mixed the grass with the method of allelopathy, attempting to create a medicine pill with an even stronger viscosity.

After a month, he already had dishevelled hair as the pill furnace let out large amounts of black smoke; he had failed ten times. Bai Xiaochun furrowed his brows; the feeling of wanting to take care of the snakes grew even stronger as he listened to the hissing of the snakes outside.

“Perhaps my way of thinking is incorrect, I am only thinking of using external force to increase the viscosity. Although it does possess some allelopathy, but if I could research the internal body of these snakes or get a flash of inspiration, it would make the effects of the spirit medicine even better!” Bai Xiaochun mumbled to himself for a moment, before walking out of the stone house. He walked around in the formation array and took the opportunity when the other snakes weren’t paying attentio. He extended his right hand with lightning speed and grabbed a Five Eyed Snake that was wandering next to the formation array.

When he suddenly grabbed the snake, in the instant when he pulled back his hand, countless amounts of venom and countless snake shadows congregated at the place where he extended his hand.

Bai Xiaochun was now immersed in the research of the Dao of Medicine, and he barely looked at the twisting Five Eyed Snake that was pinched by his hand as he went straight towards the stone house. Quickly, a laughter that could make people absolutely horrified came from the inside of the stone room.

Although the Five Eyed Snake was comparable to the third layer of Qi Condensation, it was as weak as a Spirit Tailed Chicken in Bai Xiaochun’s hand. As Bai Xiaochun took apart its body, even its flesh and blood was directly broken down under Bai Xiaochun’s research.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes showed that he was contemplating. His mind shook as he immediately opened the pill furnace, changed the combinations of the medicinal grass and started refining again.

After a day, the pill furnace shook and black smoke billowed out. Bai Xiaochun was choked up and started coughing, but his persistence was evoked. Afterwards, he started considering the problem from all angles, even risking his life to catch another snake to break down.

Three days later, black smoke enshrouded the stone house once again. Bai Xiaochun was gradually turning mad, and with a loud roar, he put all of his efforts into researching with bloodshot eyes.

This went on for another month, and Bai Xiaochun had already forgotten his original intention. He was fully immersed in creating this recipe, and he continuously refined and extended his hand outside the formation array with a lightning speed to catch snakes, to the point where the action had already become exceedingly skillful.

This month, he had already caught ten snakes. And the snakes outside the formation array had already viewed Bai Xiaochun as an eternal enemy, constantly watching out for him. The hissing never stopped, and the venom released by the snakes could fill the sky. Those snakes who were comparable to the eighth level of Qi Condensation were constantly striking the formation array, seemingly wanting to break it apart and swallow Bai Xiaochun alive.

“This won’t do, this won’t do, and this won’t do!” Bai Xiaochun was inside the stone room. Until today, he had already tried to refine this medicine pill that would make the snakes shut up for 2 months, yet he had failed over a hundred times without a single success.

He now knew the difficulties involved in creating a recipe, but he did not give up. Instead, he crazily did more research. Two more months after he failed more than a hundred times, he finally had one success, but looking at the small black spirit medicine that he refined, Bai Xiaochun was extremely unsatisfied.

“Why is it only one…”

“There are so many snakes here. If I only made one shut up, it would still be useless…” Bai Xiaochun used strength to pull at his hair, his eyes bloodshot, tenaciously looking at the medicine pill in his hands.

“The best way of transmission is to cause the snake to release a breath after swallowing the pill, which will cause the other snakes to be afflicted with the disease… disease? Yes, a disease, the recipe that I’ve created, it should be a plague!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes let out a fierce light and his breathing sped up. He faintly felt that he had grasped the most crucial part of his research.

After a long time, Bai Xiaochun suddenly laughed. This laughter resounded inside the snake cave, and it could actually terrify anyone. If there was someone here who saw Bai Xiaochun in this sort of condition, they would take a deep breath and vow to absolutely never provoke Bai Xiaochun when he is immersed in refining medicine.

The Bai Xiaochun at this moment was releasing a sinister air around him.

Using his new inspiration, Bai Xiaochun once again immersed himself in refinement. Once again, he took out all of his medicinal grass and started matching them using allelopathy, adjusting them one by one. He also started catching snakes more and more often, and there were many times when it was exceedingly dangerous. However, it was as if he was possessed by a demon; he did not even pay attention to the risk of catching snakes. Instead, all he had in his heart was persistence towards creating the new recipe.

More time passed. One month, two months, three months, four months...

Quickly, six months had passed since Bai Xiaochun had decided to create this recipe. During this half year, he had failed so many times. After half a year, his hair was dishevelled, his entire body was extremely sloppy, and his face had black smoke all over it. Only, his eyes were red, brimming with excitement, looking at the pill furnace in front of him.

“It’s going to be ready, haha, it’s going to be ready!” Bai Xiaochun gave a an excited roar to inspire himself as the pill furnace faintly shook. Looking at the pill furnace in which he put all of his hard work for the past half year and seeing that the spirit medicine that he created was about to appear, Bai Xiaochun excitedly stood up.

“Black Hearted Li, throwing your Grandfather Bai here, thinking that Grandfather Bai can’t handle these small snakes? Just wait till I refine this pill and see how I take care of these snakes. Hehe, maybe I can control these snakes in the future, shaking Heaven and Earth! Hahahaha!” Bai Xiaochun looked to the sky and laughed, bragging. But at this moment, he was suddenly startled. He had a feeling that someone was watching him and was stunned for a moment. Immediately, he turned around and looked at the entrance of the stone room.

When he looked over, his entire body froze.

Because he was extremeley excited, he hadn’t noticed that an extra figure had unexpectedly appeared beside the entrance of the stone house. That figure was not tall, and it was standing there, with two white claws arched in front of it. It had long ears which were pricked up, and a fist-sized short tail behind its body wagging about...

It had red eyes, a raised small mouth and two large teeth projected outside, as it presently looked blankly at Bai Xiaochun.

It was as if time stopped at this instant. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened and he suddenly roared.

“YOU ARE ACTUALLY HERE!” It was the thing that disturbed the Scented Cloud Mountai; the thing that Bai Xiaochun could’nt find even after searching everywhere… The talking rabbit!

Following Bai Xiaochun’s roar, the rabbit actually imitated Bai Xiaochun’s appearance and also roared towards Bai Xiaochun.

“You are actually here!” The rabbit suddenly widened its eyes and its body quickly retreated. At the same time, its mouth spoke countless words.

“Heavens, what is this!”

“Did you see it, the rabbit actually spoke!”

“I’ll tell you a secret, I saw Elder Zhou and his phoenixes in a room yesterday. And from within it, strange sounds echoed out…”

“Senior Brother Hou Yunfei, you’re so bad. Don’t… Ah… What was that?! I just saw a couple monkeys, they were constantly convulsing!”

“Junior Sister Meixiang, it is not that I, Li Qinghou, am fickle and lacking in righteousness. Please wait until my cultivation has broken through the Golden Core. After that, I will definitely take you as my Dao Companion!”

“Haha, this pill’s not bad. I, Bai Xiaochun, really am a genius! Now even a rabbit knows how to speak!”

“Black Hearted Li, throwing your Grandfather Bai here, thinking that Grandfather Bai can’t handle these small snakes? Just wait till I refine this pill, and see how I take care of these snakes, hehe, maybe I can control these snakes in the future, shaking Heaven and Earth! Hahahaha!” The rabbit let out various sounds, and with an extremely fast speed, it ran out of the stone house in an instant. Bai Xiaochun was about to be driven mad. Especially when he heard the rabbit’s last sentence, he was dumbstruck as he ran out of the stone house, howling as he attempted to catch the rabbit.

Alas, the speed of the rabbit was just too fast. When Bai Xiaochun chased after it outside the stone house, it charged out of the formation array with a ‘swoosh’ sound. The cave’s countless snakes all hissed and spat out countless venom, but the agility of the rabbit was unimaginable; it had actually evaded all of the venoms. Even when the large amounts of snakes behind it shot out to bite it, all they bit was the air, letting the rabbit run away like smoke… as it vanished into the distance.

Its voice could still be heard from far away as it echoed out in the cave, speaking of words it heard from other people.

Bai Xiaochun wanted to collapse. He didn’t dare to chase after it. Even though his speed was quick, it was obvious that it was not equal to the rabbit’s agility. He could only widely open his eyes as he watched the rabbit run away. He wanted to cry, but he had no tears. As soon as he thought of the rabbit’s hobbies, and that large windpipe, he felt cold sweat on his body. He was worried that this rabbit would run outside and talk drivel, and if Li Qinghou heard it… Bai Xiaochun could imagine himself being even more miserable.

“Damn it, what rabbit is this!” Bai Xiaochun gnashed his teeth. However, he sorrowfully thought that he himself did not know what this rabbit was, because originally, he was the creator of this rabbit.

That feeling of lifting a stone only to drop it on his own feet nearly made Bai Xiaochun mad. He nervously cleared his throat and roared loudly in the direction of the escaping rabbit.

“Ancestor Li is a wise and godly warrior, unparalled under the heavens! He is my most closest relative!

“Uncle I, Bai Xiaochun ,will work hard and will absolutely not let you be disappointed!”

“I, Bai Xiaochun, have a mischievous personality and deserve to be punished here. I become wiser everyday, many thanks to the great Ancestor…” Bai Xiaochun was sullen, continuously speaking, in an attempt to let the rabbit hear these words and repeat them.

After awhile, there was a medicinal fragrance spreading out following the sound of the pill furnace in the stone house shaking. Bai Xiaochun was worried, and he secretly cursed the rabbit to be beaten black and blue. He sighed as he returned to the stone house. Opening the pill furnace, he saw an alternating black and white coloured medicinal pill which let out bursts of strange light inside the pill furnace.

___________________________________________________________________________

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 - Something Huge Is About To Unfold
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 113 - Something Huge Is About To Unfold...

The Grade 3 spirit medicine gave off a hazy feeling, however, the quality of this medicine was extremely great. Unexpectedly, it was not just a Low Tier spirit medicine, but it was almost at the Middle Tier! Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised as he immediately suppressed his anger towards the rabbit and grasped the medicine pill in his hands.

“This miracle pill can change the fate of the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley… One spirit medicine... can silence all the snakes in this valley!” Bai Xiaochun proudly laughed. However, his heart began trembling every time he thought about the rabbit. Hesitating, he listened to the ear piercing hisses of the snakes outside of the formation array, and the slamming sounds of the snakes hitting the formation array.

“Noisy!” Bai Xiaochun glared as his heart turned ruthless; he immediately took out the Turtle-shell pot. He actually wanted to use Spirit Refinement on this medicine pill… and not just twice, but thrice!

A silver light shined, and after Spirit Refinement occurred three times, the impurities in the medicine pill rapidly decreased, impressively entering the Middle Tier from the Low Tier!

Holding the medicine pill, Bai Xiaochun walked out of the stone room. He stood in the formation array, looking at the countless snakes outside spitting venom at him. He also saw the movements of shadow as the scene of the formation array being continuously rammed appeared before him.

“Half a year ago, this Grandfather Bai once said that he would let you know my awesomeness. Remember this, you are the ones who forced me!” Bai Xiaochun suddenly waved his right hand. Immediately, the medicine pill rapidly flew out of the formation array, falling into the group of snakes.

Bai Xiaochun had specially added a drop of his blood into the medicine pill, so that it would cause countless snakes to quickly charge at it the moment it fell, rushing to devour it. Quickly, a Flower Eyed Snake that was comparable to the fourth layer of Qi Condensation devoured it, and its body suddenly shook as its eyes let out a mysterious light.

Bai Xiaochun excitedly looked over. But at this moment, a Blood God Snake at the eighth layer of Qi Condensation tyrannically rushed over, sweeping away all the other snakes, causing many of them to be turned into a bloody mess. This Blood God Snake unexpectedly swallowed the Flower Eyed Snake in one gulp.

Bai Xiaochun widely opened his eyes and quickly looked at the Blood God Snake. That snake indifferently stared at Bai Xiaochun as it slowly slithered over to a rock that was far away and coiled itself.

Bai Xiaochun was slightly nervous as he patiently waited for the pill to take effect. After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, that Blood God Snake’s body shook, as if it wanted to open its mouth to hiss. Alas, it was obvious that when it opened its mouth, its mouth unexpectedly had an abundant sticky substances, and it pulled out many threads that looked like they were stuck to the snake’s mouth, causing the act of opening its mouth to be difficult.

The moment Bai Xiaochun saw that the pill was effective, he madly laughed, waiting for the second effect of the pill to happen.

After another incense stick’s worth of time, the amount of sticky substances in the Blood God Snake’s mouth increased, to the point where it couldn’t even open its mouth. Its eyes were bulging, and the originally ice-cold eyes looked like a goldfish at this moment as it stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun. Looking at it now, it actually didn’t look vicious, instead it was a bit cute...

Quickly, a banging sound unexpectedly came out from the body of the Blood God Snake, and from its butt, countless gaseous substances were released, as if it was farting. This gas was pink in colour, and it condensed into a fog, instantly spreading out to the surroundings.

The banging sound did not stop, and it seemed like there was no end to the Blood God Snake’s farting. Under Bai Xiaochun’s excitement, the Blood God Snake actually farted nonstop for a whole day.

Inside the cave, everything that wasn’t in the formation array was filled by a pink fog. Gradually, after the fog was inhaled by the other snakes, they started secreting the sticky substance, and their eyes began bulging. Soon after, they also started farting.

The banging sounded like thunder as the fog unceasingly spread inside the cave.

Even the gaze that came from the deepest parts of the cave, which had made Bai Xiaochun fearful, had slackened at this moment. After that, it let out an even stronger banging sound.

After a few days when all the fog had dissipated, Bai Xiaochun stood in the formation array while looking outside. The entire snake cave was silent, with no hissing and no venom being spewed out. The mouths of all of the snakes were sealed shut, their eyes bulging, looking dazed.

Bai Xiaochun stood in the formation array, looking upwards as he madly laughed. Only after a long time did he lift up his chin, feeling proud of himself. He involuntarily assumed the melancholic appearance of an unfathomable expert and flourished his small sleeve.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, have made all of the snakes in the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley shut up in the time taken to snap my fingers. To commemorate this spirit medicine, I will name this the… Mouth Shutting Pill!”

He assumed the appearance of an unfathomable expert and walked out of the formation array into the horde of snakes. Looking at the cute snakes that were all around him, he smiled brilliantly in his heart. But at this moment when his feeling of being an expert was the strongest, suddenly, the entire body of a One Step Snake that was not far away from him instantly turned red, as if it had a rise in temperature. In a speed naked to the visible eye, its body was seemingly mutating, and after a while, it unexpectedly turned extremely rabid, rampaging all around the cave.

The One Step Snake had no way of hissing after its mouth got sealed, which caused it to be even madder. With its rampage, its body appeared to suffer immense pain, causing it to be turned into a bloody mess. However, it still continued rampaging.

Bai Xiaochun was frightened and wanted to block it. However, he noticed that the One Step Snake was still as mad as before and continued rampaging. Bai Xiaochun’s expression changed, but he was absolutely horrified to discover that all of the snakes were quickly turning rabid at this moment; their bodies were releasing a high temperature as they rampaged all around, jumping up and down.

Especially the Blood God Snake which swallowed the medicine pill, its body had clearly become bulkier. In a flash, it joined the rampaging snakes as it also moved around in a fit of madness.

At this moment, a booming sound was let out from the deepest parts of the cave. Following that, all of the snakes in the snake cave became even more rabid, twisting their bodies as if they were mad. Some snakes even smashed themselves at the rock wall.

Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes, quickly retreating back into the formation array. But in the moment when he entered the formation array, over half of the countless snakes rammed themselves on the formation array. When the formation array shook, Bai Xiaochun looked at the snakes all around that had turned insane as his scalp felt numb.

“Shit! Shit! These snakes are mad. If they keep on assaulting the formation array, this formation array might cave in!” Bai Xiaochun was extremely nervous. He originally desired to force these snakes shut up, however, he didn’t expect that there would be such a side effect. The thought of Li Qinghou finding about the conditions of the snakes cause Bai Xiaochun to tremble from the bottom of his heart; he knew that Li Qinghou would be exceedingly furious.

Bai Xiaochun anxiously and hastily rushed back to the stone house and heated his furnace; taking out a large number of medicinal herbs. He wanted to refine another pill in order to solve this dilemma. At this moment, he no longer had the arrogance he had earlier, and instead, he was sullen while trembling in fear. After a few days, Bai Xiaochun’s ran out of the stone house with bloodshot eyes and messy hair.

His hand was grasping three medicine pills. These three pills were the result of him not sleeping nor resting for three days, spending the entirety of his time to refine a medicine pills in order to temporarily solve the problem. Following this thought, Bai Xiaochun wanted a pill which could ease the rabidness of the snakes in order to get enough time to let him refine the complete antidote.

The moment he walked out of the stone room, Bai Xiaochun was stupefied by the scene in front of his eyes. All of the snakes were rabid, unceasingly ramming the rock walls, causing the walls to have countless holes. There were even snakes still ramming themselves into a bloody mess.

Bai Xiaochun almost cried and immediately threw out the medicine pills. These three medicine pills exploded in midair with a banging sound, turning into boundless fog which spread out. All of the snakes which were enveloped by the fog instantly quietened down, stopping their rabidness. Even the naked eye could see that their bodies were actually healing at a high speed...

After a few days, all of the snakes in the snake cave lost their rabidness, and Bai Xiaochun was only relieved after seeing that the cave was once again calm.

“You scared your Grandfather Bai to death, and I actually thought that it was a big deal. Humph, with your Grandfather Bai’s attainments in the Dao of Medicine, this is not a problem!” Bai Xiaochun was pleased with himself. When he was about to continue refining the antidote, his footsteps suddenly stopped. He swallowed some saliva and looked at a snake that was not far away from him.

That was a Flower Eyed Snake. After its high speed recovery, an astonishing aura unexpectedly exploded out from its body. This aura was extremely strong, but it was not the undulations of cultivation. It was, instead, the simple strength of its fleshy body. Its body slightly twisted, and a big rock by its side unexpectedly got squeezed until it exploded.

This scene made Bai Xiaochun’s eyelid jump; although there were many Flower Eyed Snakes in this cave and its venom could frighten people, its body was very weak, and it could not possibly have this much strength. However, this scene was truly happening in front of Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun’s breathing quickened as he suddenly looked at the other snakes. Gradually, cold sweat appeared on his forehead as he lost his voice.

“How could this be!”

He saw that the physical strength of all the snakes in the four corners of this room instantly and violently increased. Although it wasn’t rabid, if they moved a bit, the ground would slightly shake, and countless rocks would shatter into small pieces. How could this be a snake, this was clearly a whip which could destroy all obstructions if held in the hands of an expert.

All of the snakes became extraordinarily strong, with a valiant fleshy body. At this moment, there was booming everywhere, and many snakes lifted their heads and looked towards Bai Xiaochun, directly heading for him.

Originally, the formation array could block the snakes. But now, it was violently shaking as cracking sounds echoed out. There were even signs of the formation array shattering. If the formation array broke, Bai Xiaochun could not think of any way to single-handedly deal with so many extraordinarily strong snakes.

Especially at this moment, those few Blood God Snakes which were comparable to the eighth layer of Qi Condensation clearly had a fleshy body that was more valiant than the other snakes. When they collided with the formation array, an incomparably huge snakehead, which was one zhang long, extended out of a distant passage. Its eyes were bulging as it glared at Bai Xiaochun.

The head of this huge monster was already one zhang long, and the size of its main body could be imagined to be even bigger. The frightened Bai Xiaochun let out a screech. It was at this moment that Bai Xiaochun knew... he fxcked up. He quickly ran back to the stone room, immediately starting his furnace, making the most of all his remaining time to try and solve this problem.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, Cannibaloid, and not much of Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 - Li Qinghou Understands...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 114 - Li Qinghou Understands...

“How could it be like this…” Bai Xiaochun was extremely distressed. He wasn’t even able to wipe the sweat from his forehead! Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth and continued refining his medicine as tremors resounded outside of the formation array.

He didn’t want to get in trouble... Bai Xiaochun felt wronged. His original intention was only to force these snakes shut up...

At first, Bai Xiaochun believed that refining this pill was quite a simple idea, but how could he have known that although he caused these snakes to shut up, his actions would also cause them to become rabid.

The moment he glanced at the situation, he knew it was far from good and his first thought was to refine a pancea in order to stop it. Thus, he refined a temporary antidote. This time, it definitely prevented the snakes from rampaging. However, he didn’t think that these snakes would actually have a mutation in their fleshy body, causing them to gain extraordinary strength, to point where the formation array wouldn’t be able to block their attacks for an extended period of time.

Bai Xiaochun trembled in fear; his eyes were bloodshot. He only wanted to fix this problem, taking this chance to return everything to what it originally was. Even if the snakes were to continue hissing, it would just be unavoidable.

Two days later, echoes of violent explosions resounded out from inside Bai Xiaochun’s formation array. With a crackling sound, a web of cracks spread out around the formation array. Under the constant attacks from the myriad of snakes, the formation array began showing signs of collapse. Bai Xiaochun’s breathing gradually became rapid as he abruptly rushed out of the stone house, grasping two pills.

“This time, it will definitely be able to successfully solve the problem! The Ten Thousand Snakes Valley will finally return back to normal!” Bai Xiaochun exclaimed. In these last few days, the load of pressure he carried was extremely great; his current expression seemed absent-minded as he fiercely threw the pill in his hands outside the formation array. With a cracking sound, the pill immediately exploded, turning into a green mist, quickly spreading in all directions.

After contact with the mist, all of the snakes around the formation array began trembling, and a splashing sound spread in all directions. Every single snake dropped to the floor, convulsing.Their bodies were limp and painful, as if the strength of their fleshy bodies were rapidly disappearing.

Following the spread of the mist, all of the snakes in the cave, including the Blood God Snakes, quickly became like this. After seeing that the situation was under control, Bai Xiaochun let out a long sigh of relief in his heart. Regarding the Dao of Medicine, he already had reverence in his heart, but he had an even greater sense of pride that he managed to control and fix this situation.

“Finally…” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, muttering to himself. However, before he finished speaking, he suddenly jumped up, pointing at a Tributyl Snake. His eyes showed horror and disbelief as an inconceivable expression emerged on his face.

“This...This…”

That Tributyl Snake, at this moment, violently twisted. Its forehead swelled up, and a horn began to grow in a speed visible to the naked eye!”

“The snake grew a horn!” Bai Xiaochun involuntarily cried out. His mind instantly buzzed and waves were stirred up in his mind. All of the snakes in the area violently twisted, and it could be imagined that if they could hiss, they would definitely be releasing a heaven shaking hiss at this moment.

Quickly, each snakes grew out a horn! Even the strength of their bodies unexpectedly rose again.

If they merely grew horns it wouldn't be anything much. However, following the growth of these horns, these snakes unexpectedly began to rampage again, as if the surpressing medicine used earlier was ineffective. The snakes madly jumped up and down, rushing towards the rock walls and smashing their heads into it. There were also many snakes that would drill themselves in holes the moment they saw one.

If the hole was too small they would even shrink their body to fit in. This was even more true for the Blood God Snakes.

Another snake, which had a head that was one zhang long, suddenly shook as a long horn grew out of its head. Although it wasn’t sharp, this horn, which could fill one’s entire vision, made Bai Xiaochun take a deep breath; he felt as though he was going insane. This was also because he dicovered that through testing, these snakes were completely impervious to any weapons.

In the interior of the snake cave, every snake in turmoil began to rampage as they began colliding against each other. They dug fiercely into every visible hole. If there weren't any holes, the horns on their heads seemed to have possesed some kind of magical power that helped them open up a passage, and they all charged outside from the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley!

Although the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley was in the valley behind the Scented Cloud Mountain, under this rampage, the snakes all dispersed without any aim. Many snakes directly dug underground to go to the Purple Cauldron Mountain and the Green Peak Mountain.

The remaning 30% directly went to the Scented Cloud Mountain.

It could be imagined that, at this moment, the interior walls of the three mountains were being struck by countless snakes that had their mouths sealed. They madly charged at the walls with extremely fast speed, digging through all holes they could find, spreading throughout the three mountains of the South Bank.

Plop!

Bai Xiaochun fell on to the ground, looking at the space in front of him.

“This… It’s all over…”

Within a small amount of time, from within the cracks the snakes made in the walls of the South Bank’s three mountains, the snakes popped out from the soil on the ground. Those snakes, which had horns on their heads and bulging eyeballs, madly twisted as they immediately stunned all the disciples of the three mountains of the South Bank. The entire South Bank, which was at peace for many years until today, once again burst out in an uproar as cries of anger echoed out.

On the Green Peak Mountain, outside the Spirit Sword Hall, there were currently over a thousand disciples standing in a circle and cheering, watching the disciples on the fighting stage participating in a small competition. It could be seen that one disciple was currently winning, and was just about to acheive victory. However, a horn suddenly appeared on the floor of the fighting stage, and a Flower Eyed Snake dug its way out. Everyone present was shocked; this Flower Eyed Snake which could not open its mouth suddenly drilled into the trousers of the winning disciple.

This disciple let out a screech, and when he jumped, everyone else also screeched; during the commotion, countless horned snakes drilled their way out of the ground at high speed, and upon seeing a hole… they would immediately drill through it.

“What is this?! I actually can’t slap it away!”

“Heavens, these snakes… Where did these snakes come from? They actually have horns!”

“Damn it! What’s going on... WHAT’S GOING ON?! My magical treasure can’t actually break the defense of these snakes!”

At the same time, at the peak of the Green Peak Mountain, in the residential area of the inner sect disciples, inside a cave, there was a veteran inner sect disciple that was currently sitting on the floor with his legs crossed, meditating. Suddenly, his eyes opened, revealing an obscure expression. Following that... he let out a blood-curdling shriek.

“Aaaaahhhhh! What is this?!”

“Snake! A snake drilled out from the ground!”

These kinds of screams were similarly let out by many disciples inside their immortal caves. In Shangguan Tianyou’s cave, a blood-curdling shriek also echoed out. However, it was even worse than the others, as if something had touched a scar in his heart, making his roar even more intense.

Over the residential area of the outer sect disciples, countless disciples were also dumbstruck by the appearance of these snakes. An Elder of the Green Peak Mountain was stunned, and even the old Ancestor of the Green Peak Mountain flew out and looked at the horned snakes that appeared all over the Green Peak Mountain with shock.

The same thing happened over at the Purple Cauldron Mountain. With countless disciples roaring, the waves of techniques unleashed spread in all directions. However, the snakes were barely affected and continued digging holes just as before...

Lu Tianlei had thunder surrounding his body, and when he was roaring, he grabbed a horned snake which had drilled into the crotch area of his trousers, planning to crush it to death. However, he discovered that he did not have the capability to do so.

“What happened? Damn it! Why are there so many snakes?!”

“Something’s wrong... Something’s wrong!”

The roars from the Purple Cauldron Mountain quickly shook the heavens and earth. The Green Peak Mountain was also the same. Xu Meixiang was burning with rage that could overflow the heavens, as her fierce shouts spread in all directions.

“Investigate... Clearly investigate this incident for me. What the hell is happening!”

This also happened in the Scented Cloud Mountain, where there were screams that could overflow the heavens at this very moment. Xu Baocai was shrieking, running at top speed. Zhou Xinqi opened her eyes widely, flying high in the air with fear lingering in her heart,

Hou Xiaomei and Hou Yunfei also ran out at high speed. There were also many disciples who had undescribable anger, releasing their strongest techniques at the moment. It was good that the Scented Cloud Mountain was famous for plants, and many disciples were able to take out pills. Although these pills had ordinary effects, they could be used to chase away some of the horned snakes.

As a result, even more horned snakes once again dug a hole to the Green Peak Mountain and the Purple Cauldron Mountain after they were chased away...

“What in the world is happening? Dammit... Why is this happening?!”

“Is this a natural disaster? After Bai Xiaochun was sent to the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley as a punishment, it’s always been peaceful in the South Bank, why… En? Ten Thousand Snakes Valley! Bai Xiaochun is in the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley!”

In the moment when people seemed to have thought about something, a rabbit that suddenly appeared from god knows where erected its ears and ran out, as if it had been listening for a very long time. It started running between the South Bank’s three mountains, shouting. It’s voice was extremely loud and it spread in all directions.

“Heavens, my butt!”

“Damn it, I’m going to beat this snake to death!!”

“Ahhh, how can I, Xu Baocai, meet people in the future!!”

“You evil snake, come out right now. I am a disciple of the inner sect, the Heaven’s Chosen of the Green Peak Mountain. It is impossible for you and I, Shangguan Tianyou, to exist together…”

“What a good snake, if I, Lu Tianlei can become a snake, then I will… hehe…”

“Li Qing Snake... Black Hearted Li, you throw your Grandfather Bai in here... thinking that Grandfather Bai can’t handle these small snakes? Just wait till I refine this pill, and see how I take care of these snakes! Hehe.. maybe I can control these snakes in the future, shaking Heaven and Earth! Hahahaha!” Various sounds were spoken by the rabbit’s mouth, with extremely fast speed. When it ran around the three mountains, every disciple who heard the last sentence that was uttered by the rabbit went mad.

[ED Note: Li Qing Snake is a play of Li Qinghou’s name into Li Qingshe, (李青蛇) which can be directly translated as Plum (Li) Green or Blue (Qing) Snake (she)]

“Bai Xiaochun!”

“Goddamned Bai Xiaochun!”

“So, he’s the one who did it... It’s him who ordered these snakes to get revenge on us!”

Especially Shangguan Tianyou and Lu Tianlei who released a roar that could shake the heavens and earth. At this moment, the three mountains were driven mad, and this level of madness exceeded their wrath during the occurence of the acid rain in the past.

Li Qinghou looked around him, his eyes revealing a glimpse of blankness. Scenes of what Bai Xiaochun did after entering the sect appeared in his mind.

When he was a handyman, he was selling slots to become an outer sect disciple, which made countless people mad. The entire handyman department was thrown into a mess, and was damaged because of him.

After he became an outer sect disciple, the Spirit Tailed Chickens became miserable, Elder Zhou’s also bird became miserable... countless disciples became miserable, and the entire Scented Cloud Mountain experienced a disaster because of him.

After he became an inner sect disciple, thunder roared and the whole Scented Cloud Mountain was thrown into chaos. He made countless strange small beasts cover everything, and that acid rain… It could be said that the three mountains suffered because of him.

But Li Qinghou had never thought that this Bai Xiaochun would’ve been even more excessive after he threw him into the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley… He didn’t even let the snakes off, and he actually damaged the entire Ten Thousand Snakes Valley, harming the entire South Bank.

At this moment, Li Qinghou suddenly thought about that year when he brought Bai Xiaochun up the hill; all of the villagers below the hill had been crying tears of joy, and cheering...

He now understood why the villagers were so happy…

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The departure of one of our beloved editors had severely affected us, and we are experiencing massive delays because of this. We are currently sorting things out with the addition of two new editors, and hopefully, after this week or the next, ATTE would be able to return to its regular schedule. We are sorry for the inconvenience, and we are trying our utmost to fix everything. -TL Team

5th guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Jin

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 - No! Don’t Spread It Out…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 115 - No! Don’t Spread It Out…

Within the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley, not a single snake remained; only Bai Xiaochun was left who stood in a daze within the formation array. Glancing at the bare and empty surroundings, a shiver ran down Bai Xiaochun’s body. “BOOM!” Countless rocks began to fall. With a piercing scream, Bai Xiaochun hastily dashed out and retreated anxiously through the exit.

His scalp became numb and his heart palpitated wildly; this time, he knew clearly that… he had created a huge mess. Each time he recalled the moment all the snakes of Ten Thousand Snakes Valley had all escaped, his heart felt as if it was bursting out from his chest.

“It’s over, it’s over, it’s all over…” Bai Xiaochun was on the verge of tears. He quickly ran out of the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley and the moment he came out, he immediately heard countless howls of anger that resounded from the three mountains of the South Bank. He could even vaguely hear his own name from within those shouts.

Bai Xiaochun forcefully grabbed onto his hair in exasperation; he felt that he was extremely innocent and had never been more indignant.

“I really didn’t mean it… I only… only wanted to let those snakes be a little bit more cuter.” Bai Xiaochun had a depressed expression on his face. Along the way, his heart palpitated wildly; if he could disguise his face right now, he would definitely do it without any hesitation, simply because of the fact that he was terrified if someone would recognise him.

“What should I do? What should I do… There’s no choice, I can only hide in my Master’s stone cave for the time being. At that place, there shouldn’t be anyone who would be able to find me…” Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth and muttered under his breath. From his storage pouch, he took out a new set of clothes and quickly put it over his head. The wings on his back furiously flapped as he used his utmost speed and flew straight for the Zhong Dao Mountain.

As of this moment, chaos enveloped the three mountains as cries filled the air. Currently, Bai Xiaochun felt regret because he was too famous in the sect after all these years; his fame has reached the point where anyone could recognise him. The only thing Bai Xiaochun was able to do was lower his head and proceed as quickly as possible. Along the way, he not only unleashed his fastest speed, he also hid at the slightest movement of the grass that was blown by the wind.

Fortunately, it was currently a chaotic period and most people had no time to pay attention to their surroundings as they were all busy dodging the Horned Snakes. Along the way, Bai Xiaochun witnessed the angry cries and rage of the people which caused his heart to shiver uncontrollably. Taking advantage of the chaos, he hastily ran up the Zhong Dao Mountain. The moment he reached his destination, he let out a sigh of relief. Bai Xiaochun hesitated as he turned his head and took a glance before once again, lowering his head and sprinting straight towards the back mountain of the Zhong Dao Mountain, reaching the stone cave where his master had passed away in.

To anyone else, this place was a forbidden ground, however, for Bai Xiaochun, he was extremely familiar with this place as if it was the back of his hand. In a flash, he dashed in and sat before his master’s portrait; it was as if he was on the verge of tears.

“I really didn’t mean it… Master, you know me right, Xiaochun is a good person.” Bai Xiaochun looked pitifully at portrait, at his master whose face wore a light smile with an aura and features of an immortal.

At the same time, all the elders of the South Bank’s three mountains all sprang into action; Li Qinghou and Xu Meixiang, and even the ancestor of the Green Peak Mountain had also appeared. With their teamwork, they finally removed the countless of Horned Snakes, and the whole snake disaster slowly died down.

As the Foundation Establishment cultivators were controlling the snake disaster, the disciples of the three mountains all charged madly into the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley. A force of tens of thousands of people charged in with a mighty aura, but the moment they saw that the place had collapsed, and there wasn’t a trace of Bai Xiaochun, they all started to search the entire South Bank.

This was an independent, spontaneous action; it was the only action that every single South Bank disciple was currently doing. Luckily, Bai Xiaochun quickly reacted and escaped; if he had delayed any further, he would have definitely been caught.

“Beat down Bai Xiaochun!”

“And that Parrot Rabbit, it must also be destroyed!”

“Beat down Bai Xiaochun! Beat down the Parrot Rabbit!”

After searching for numerous hours, they had almost turned the entire place over, but they still failed to find Bai Xiaochun. One by one, the eyes of the disciples were turning blood shot; some of them even went out of the sect and expanded their search outside. A few of those who were short-tempered irritably screamed at the top of their lungs.

“Bai Xiaochun, we will definitely find you!”

“Even if you are hiding at the edge of the sky or the corner of the ocean, we will still find you!”

“Goddammit, just where is he hiding?!” Countless of people shouted in frustration. Their voices echoed throughout the surroundings; even Bai Xiaochun who was hiding in the Zhong Dao Mountain could vaguely hear the voices in the distance, causing his heart to tremble.

“I was also wronged; it’s all the fault of that damned rabbit, I… I… I also did not want it to turn out this way.” Bai Xiaochun was anxious as he repeatedly sighed. After waiting for a long time, when he finally heard that the voices from outside had weakened, he lifted his head to look at his master’s portrait as his heart skipped a beat.

“Master, you have to pray for me that I do not get found by those bad people…” Bai Xiaochun quickly kowtowed; every once in awhile, he would anxiously glance at the cave entrance. When the voices outside had weakened even further, he then slowly let out a sigh.

“It’s a good thing that I, Bai Xiaochun is smart, no one would ever think that I am hiding in my Master’s stone cave.”

“But this is not a solution either, I would eventually have to go out… What should I do, what should I do?” just as Bai Xiaochun was cracking his brains over this, he suddenly felt a gaze watching him. With a shock, he immediately turned his head, only to see, to his horror, at the position of the cave entrance, there currently stood…with ears erected and looking at him, it was the mysterious and elusive Parrot Rabbit.

At the instant that he saw this rabbit, Bai Xiaochun suddenly widened his eyes. He could not imagine that this rabbit was elusive to this extent, that it could even enter the forbidden area. Very quickly, Bai Xiaochun immediately remembered the words that he had just muttered. Instantly, he could feel every hair on his body standing on its end as he immediately let out a tragic cry.

“No! Don’t spread it out…”

The moment the rabbit saw Bai Xiaochun, it disappeared with a swoosh. In the distance, it pulled the vocals of its voice and started broadcasting once again, other than those sentences, it had now added a few more sentences.

“Master, you have to pray for me that I do not get found by those bad people…”

“It’s a good thing that I, Bai Xiaochun is smart, no one would ever think that I am hiding in my Master’s stone cave.”

“But this is not a solution either, I would eventually have to go out… What should I do, what should I do?”

“No! Don’t spread it out…”

Bai Xiaochun felt as though he was struck by a bolt of lightning; he watched blankly as the rabbit rapidly dashed off into the distance; the piercing voice of the rabbit continuously echoed in his ears. He felt as if his mind had been blown into a million pieces as he stood there in a daze.

“Goddamn rabbit, I want to boil you alive!” Bai Xiaochun howled with rage as emotions of despair and anger filled him, he felt like crying yet no tears seems to come out.

At this moment, the disciples of each mountain on the South Bank had searched almost everywhere, but they could not find a single trace of Bai Xiaochun. Each of them suppressed their raging anger and tried to speculate where Bai Xiaochun had went.

“Just where is this Bai Xiaochun hiding, we even checked the sect’s entrance, there was no records of him leaving, this means that he is still hiding in the South Bank!”

“Scented Cloud Mountain, Green Peak Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain. We checked everywhere, every area, every house, every cave!”

“We even searched through the Handyman Area a few times. This Bai Xiaochun, don’t tell me he is hiding in a crack!”

Just as they tried to suppressed their anger, all of the sudden, the mimicry voice of the rabbit, accompanied by the quick sprinting along the road, echoed throughout the surroundings. Especially the very last sentence, it was filled with tragic despair.

“No! Don’t spread it out…”

Everyone was stunned for a moment as they heard that, they quickly lifted up their heads with gazes that shone brightly, especially for Shangguan Tianyou and Lu Tianlei. They clenched their fists and cracked their knuckles. Following closely, every single disciples cocked their heads and laughed out loud heartily.

“Good rabbit!”

“Although this Parrot Rabbit is mischievous, it had still finally done a good deed!”

“Forget it, we shall spare this Parrot Rabbit just for today and slay Bai Xiaochun instead…”

In no time, tens of thousands of people charged towards the Zhong Dao Mountain; each one of them cracking their knuckles, boiling with killing intent and moving forward without hesitation.

Within the stone cave, the hatred that Bai Xiaochun had for the Parrot Rabbit has far exceeded that of Elder Zhou’s bird. At this moment, his body was trembling. He was just about to escape, but when he heard the raucous at the bottom of the mountain and saw the silhouettes of countless of people, his scalp had gone numb as he quickly hid himself back inside the stone cave.

“Over, it’s over, it’s over…” Bai Xiaochun looked at his master’s portrait with a gloomy expression and spoke with grief and indignation.

“Master, can’t you old man help me this once, quickly descend some spirit light, if not… this Honourable Disciple that had bled for the sect will be beaten to death… eh?” Just as Bai Xiaochun was wallowing in his despair, his pupils turned all of the sudden to look closely at the portrait. Instantly, his eyes shone with a bright radiance as he slapped on his thigh in enlightenment.

“Haha, thank you Master for your reminder, your disciple understands!”

At the same time, on the Zhong Dao Mountain, Sect Head Zheng Yuandong, with all the other ancestors and elders from the South Bank’s three mountains, were all gathered in the great hall. All of them had grave expressions on their faces as they look towards Zheng Yuandong with a serious gaze.

They had been here for two hours already, and they had all opened their mouths and talked to Zheng Yuandong, each expressing their thoughts about Bai Xiaochun.

“I beseech the Sect Head to reconsider, Bai… Junior Brother Bai has unprecedented talent, to leave him in our South Bank is really burying this gem.”

“That’s right, even though Junior Brother Bai is the Sect Head’s junior brother, but we are after all sect mates, there is no need to avoid arousing suspicions; such a talented cultivator should definitely be put in the North Bank who possesses countless of advantages, it is only then could Junior Brother Bai’s shocking talent would be brought to its fullest potential.”

Other than the ancestors of the three mountains, all the elders present said their piece.

Zheng Yuandong felt his head ache badly. With great difficulty, the Spirit River Sect had achieved a hard-earned peace during these two years, but he could have never Bai Xiaochun to pop out and create another huge mess. This time, during the breakout of the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley, even Zheng Yuandong felt his heart tremble when he witnessed every single scene. With regards to Bai Xiaochun’s destructive ability, he had completely admitted defeat.

As for such a character, deep in his heart, he thought to just continue leaving him in the South Bank. After all, Bai Xiaochun was originally a disciple of the South Bank. Moreover, the South Bank had already ended up in this state; to continue creating any mess couldn’t possibly make it any worse. It was better not to throw him to the North Bank. Iif Bai Xiaochun also did such things in North Bank… then the people that would come looking for him in the future, would probably be all the elders and ancestors from both the North Bank and the South Bank.

“Although Junior Brother Bai might be mischievous, he is still an Honourable Disciple. Cough! Cough! Also, he is still young, just leave him in the South Bank. I have confidence in the South Bank.” Zheng Yuandong gave a dry cough as he quickly opened his mouth to reply.

“I beg you Sect Head to show mercy…” Within the crowd, Elder Zhou walked out, his eyes tinged red as he looked towards Zheng Yuandong.

“Sect Head, Xiaochun, this boy, is learning the Water Nation at the moment, I believe you know about this technique; one can only observe the various beasts by going to the North Bank. Moreover, not many people have mastered this skill for over ten thousand years; I have personally seen before that Bai Xiaochun has already broken through the first step and only lacks a Life Spirit. It’s better… to let him go to the Northern Bank.”

“That’s right, Sect Head. Bai Xiaochun is cultivating the Water Nation technique, and is the Heaven’s Chosen of his generation. Looking through the history of our Spirit River Sect, this is not an easy matter!”

“Sect Head, you should not delay Junior Brother Bai any further. This will be the greatest loss of all our Sect’s ten thousand years of history!” The old man, who was the ancestor of the Green Peak Mountain, quickly opened his mouth. Following closely, the surrounding elders also joined in.

Seeing the determination of their eyes, even Zheng Yuandong could insist no longer. After a moment of hesitation, he laughed bitterly as he looked at the rest; he was just thinking of a way to politely reject them, when all of the sudden, from outside the great hall, a disciple’s voice resounded in.

“Sect Head, something big has happened… Senior Uncle Bai, he is in the old patriarch's stone cave… He… He…”

Everyone was stunned for a moment as they each spread out their divine sense to look towards the place of the stone cave. When they finally saw what was going on, all of their expressions turned weird. Zheng Yuandong felt an ominous feeling looming as he immediately swept the area with his divine sense. When he saw his master’s stone cave, his eyes suddenly widened and his pupils almost popped out. His entire body trembled as he felt anger boil from his heart.

“This little bastard, alright, the matters that you people said, this old man here is agreeing to it. Send him to the North Bank!”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st sponsored chapter from last week. Special thanks to Saurabh B. for sponsoring this chapter.

Translator: Xin

Editors: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Jin

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 - The Old Patriarch’s Sudden Appearance!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 116 - The Old Patriarch’s Sudden Appearance!

TL Team: From this point onwards, we are changing Spirit River Sect to Spirit Creek Sect. We will gradually fix all the earlier chapters, and simultaneously, we would also update terms that might have been changed or renewed due to corrections.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At Zhong Dao Mountain, tens of thousands of disciples surrounded the cave of Bai Xiaochun’s Master; even though this was a forbidden area, they could not endure any longer. With furious gazes, they charged in.

“Bai Xiaochun, show yourself!”

“Get out here!”

“Bai Xiaochun, your evil acts and sins know no bounds. If the heavens doesn’t punish you today, then we will do it on its behalf!” The crowd rushed into the forbidden area and looked towards the stone cave which lay within the forbidden area; this was exactly the place where Bai Xiaochun’s Master had passed away.

However, as their words echoed through the air, a low voice abruptly echoed from within the cave of Bai Xiaochun’s Master.

“Silence!”

The voice was exceptionally loud; it was the consolidation of Bai Xiaochun’s entire cultivation. Utilising all of his strength, Bai Xiaochun roared; his voice resounded throughout the surrounding like a boom of thunder, overpowering the crowd’s noise.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s skinny figure slowly walked out from within the stone cave with a serious expression.

As he walked out, all the disciples present lifted up their arms; each of them held stones in their hand, preparing to throw it towards Bai Xiaochun. However, at this moment, Bai Xiaochun lifted his right hand, and with a ruffling sound, a portrait appeared within his hand and instantly opened up in front of his body.

Within that portrait, was his Master… and also Zheng Yuandong’s Master — Spirit Creek’s Sect previous generation’s Patriarch!

“Outrageous!” Bai Xiaochun aggressively roared, his voice almost being a high screech.

“Whoever dares to destroy my Master’s portrait, I, Bai Xiaochun, and my Senior Brother Sect Head will fight him with all that we have!” Bai Xiaochun howled angrily as he lifted the portrait and hid his body behind it. The moment the disciples saw this scene, their bodies all stiffened as they all sucked in a deep breath; for some reason, they no longer dared to allow the stones leave their hands anymore.

That portrait was of the previous generation’s old Patriarch; it was the Master of the Sect Head. If they were to somehow cause damage to it... they could imagine the Sect Head Zheng Yuandong’s rage, and this wasn’t something that the ancestors of each peak could stop.

“Shameless!” the crowd swallowed their anger and shouted. They were all on the verge of mutiny as they screamed angrily, but none of them dared to make a move.

Once Bai Xiaochun saw that his method was working, he immediately let out a sigh of relief. He held the portrait up and helplessly glanced at the crowd.

“Listen to me guys... I really didn’t do it intentionally! I…”

“You... you... you! Each and every single time, you always say you didn’t do it intentionally! The time during the lightning at Scented Cloud Mountain, you said it wasn’t on purpose. The acid rain on Purple Cauldron Mountain and Green Peak Mountain, you also said it wasn’t on purpose. Now... you are saying it’s not on purpose again!”

“This is too much!” It would’ve been better if Bai Xiaochun had not explained anything. Because of his explanation, the crowd was, once again, riled up, causing Bai Xiaochun to quickly raise up his portrait in fear.

“My Master visited me in my dream just now. The old man already said that he forgives me this time round. I promise, this will be the last time. There will never ever be a second time…” Bai Xiaochun loudly declared. While he felt nervous deep inside his heart, he also felt deeply apologetic.

“I can’t take it anymore... I want to beat him up!”

“Even if he is the biological son of the Sect Head, I would still give him a solid beating!”

“Beat down Bai Xiaochun!” Hearing Bai Xiaochun shamelessly talk about his dead Master visiting in his dreams, the crowd felt as if they were on the brink of insanity. Suddenly, a wave of a Foundation Establishment divine sense swept across the area.

Following the divine sense, silhouette after silhouettes of people rapidly surged into the area from above the Zhong Dao Mountain. The silhouettes began to descend before revealing a huge number of people; various mountain elders, ancestors and even the Sect Head, Zheng Yuandong, had all appeared!

Gazing at the present situation, Zheng Yuandong roared furiously as if a thunderstorm had just descended on this area.

“ALL OF YOU BETTER LEAVE RIGHT NOW!”

His voice rumbled as if it was thunder, almost causing the eardrums of the surrounding disciples to burst. The crowd all felt their hearts shiver; even Shangguan Tianyou and the other disciples felt their hearts tremble. All the disciples present hastily bowed their heads and hastily retreated.

Bai Xiaochun instantly felt enthusiastic. He was just about to open his mouth when Zheng Yuandong looked at him with a vicious glare.

“Bai Xiaochun... as your Senior Brother, if other people cannot beat you up, then I shall do it myself!” While Zheng Yuandong spoke, he walked towards Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun felt as if his scalp was about to burst. He was preparing to raise his Master’s portrait higher when Zheng Yuandong waved his sleeve and the portrait immediately left Bai Xiaochun’s hands, flying towards Zheng Yuandong.

Bai Xiaochun shrieked as he flapped the wings on his back as he hastily flew off, anxiously trying to escape. However, he was unable to go a long distance before a loud smack echoed from his butt as he was slapped from afar by Zheng Yuandong.

The burning sensation caused Bai Xiaochun cry out in pain. He grabbed his butt with a pitiful face and cried out tragically.

“Uncle Li! Save me! My Senior Brother is trying to kill me!”

Li Qinghou eyelids twitched for a moment as he pretended not to hear Bai Xiaochun. Zheng Yuandong anger had not appeased one bit; Bai Xiaochun taking out his Master’s portrait had angered him to the point where smoke seemed to be coming out from his ears. Zheng Yuandong gave Bai Xiaochun another kick.

Bai Xiaochun cried out in pain once again, and continued wailing.

“Master save me! Master save me!”

As the surrounding people all witnessed Zheng Yuandong chasing Bai Xiaochun and beating him up, their anger slowly dissipated; the various mountain elders also had weird expression on their faces as they all started coughing.

“This is private family business of the Sect Head’s bloodline...”

“That’s right, that’s right. I still have a furnace of pill medicine waiting for me; I shall take my leave first.” The elders all glanced towards Zheng Yuandong and Bai Xiaochun in the distance and gradually left one by one with a hint of joy.

In the end, only Li Qinghou and Xu Meixiang were left as they stood in the air. Gazing at Bai Xiaochun’s distant figure, Li Qinghou’s face had a hint of lament, however, deep within his gaze, there was also a glint of expectation for Bai Xiaochun.

“In this child’s heart, he already looks up to you as a father figure. Can you really bear to send him to the North Bank?” Xu Meixiang slightly opened her mouth and spoke as she stared at Li Qinghou, revealing a gentle and loving gaze.

“The things which Xiaochun had done, although unacceptable, didn’t have any malicious intention. He’s good-natured, and I was able see that, deep in his heart, he feels guilt for this incident… There isn’t any need to send him to the North Bank.”

Li Qinghou retracted his gaze, looked towards Xu Meixiang and shook his head with a smile.

“The words that I said to the Sect Head were my honest thoughts from the bottom of my heart. In fact, back when I demanded the Water Nation technique from North Bank, I already had this idea. Bai Xiaochun’s talent isn’t ordinary; if he is able to combine the advantages of both banks, it will definitely be beneficial for his future. Especially if he masters the Water Nation Technique; within a few years, he could cultivate to the peak of Qi Condensation. If this situation were to occur, then he have a possibility to participate in the opening of the Meteor Sword Abyss and also fight for his own opportunities!” Li Qinghou gently opened his mouth as he spoke.

“Meteor Sword Abyss? The Lower Stream of Tongtian River Eastern Vein, one of the three great Foundation Establishment sanctuaries shared by the four great sects… There is even a rumour that there exists a strand of Heaven Pulse Qi inside it. Every time it opens, the disciples at the tenth level of Qi Condensation of the Eastern Vein’s lower stream’s four strongest sects from the four great states - The Blood Creek Sect, The Pill Creek Sect, The Mystic Creek Sect and us, The Spirit Creek Sect - will be embroiled in a bloody battle...” Xu Meixiang’s face lit up in surprise as she took a deep breath.

“It will indeed be a bloody battle… If he had not learned the Water Nation Technique, I would definitely prevent him from going. However, if he does master it... then he will definitely have to go. Cultivation is a cruel and merciless path; it is the survival of the fittest. He will have to learn to face this fact and he cannot avoid it.” Li Qinghou lightly sighed as he turned around and left together with Xu Meixiang.

On this day, the tragic cries of Bai Xiaochun echoed throughout the entire sect. Zheng Yuandong had resolved to teach Bai Xiaochun a lesson, not with his status as a Sect Head, but rather with his position of a senior brother.

It wasn’t until late into the night when Bai Xiaochun, with a bruised and swollen face, walked behind Zheng Yuandong with an agonized expression and returned to their Master’s stone cave.

“Get on your knees and admit your wrongdoings to Master!” Zheng Yuandong glared at Bai Xiaochun, causing him to quickly drop to his knees in front of the portrait.

“Master, I was wrong…” Bai Xiaochun could feel his entire body swelling up, especially his butt. It looked almost as if a chrysanthemum that was blooming!

“Master, seeing your own disciple being beaten up to this state, you must really feel hurt in your heart. I had already told Senior Brother that... you came to visit me in my dreams today and had already forgiven me, but he doesn’t believe it…”

“Master... why don’t you visit Senior Brother in his dreams tonight too, tell him…” Bai Xiaochun muttered softly with a gloomy expression. Zheng Yuandong did not know whether to laugh or cry as he stood beside Bai Xiaochun. Even though he had given Bai Xiaochun a good beating, he was still extremely shocked by the thickness of Bai Xiaochun’s skin and muscles. Even now, he was able to feel a lingering pain in his hands.

“Kneel here for three months as your punishment for the chaos in the Ten Thousand Snake Valley!” Zheng Yuandong coldly snorted; he was forced to do this, this was for the disciples of the three mountains to see. He suddenly waved his sleeve and a pill medicine dropped onto the ground. He pretended to not see it as he turned around and left.

Watching Zheng Yuandong leave, Bai Xiaochun immediately began whining. He was about to complain to his Master when he suddenly stopped to check his surroundings. After making sure that the elusive rabbit wasn’t in the area, he then finally poured his indignance to the portrait.

“Master, I’m really miserable…”

“Senior Brother, he hit me… now my butt really hurts. Look at this! Look at this! My entire body is swollen!”

“I was wronged. I really didn’t mean to do it intentionally… I also didn’t… eh?” Bai Xiaochun stopped speaking halfway, he suddenly noticed the pill medicine on the ground. It was the one that Zheng Yuandong had ‘accidentally’ dropped onto the ground. Bai Xiaochun picked it up and gave it a sniff.

“Grade 3 superior quality Yang Yun Pill!”

Bai Xiaochun eyes instantly brightened. He took a glance outside the cave and sat to one side. Feeling bored, he swallowed the pill medicine and started to concentrate on his cultivation.

At the same time, all of the disciples of Spirit Creek Sect, including the various ancestors, none of them noticed, that at this instant, the empty space of land behind the Zhong Dao Mountain suddenly distorted for a moment.

However, this distortion was extremely fast and it disappeared in the blink of an eye. Right at this moment, one was vaguely able to see that at the place of distortion, it seemed as if behind the Zhong Dao Mountain… another mountain had appeared!

This was… Spirit Creek Sect’s ninth mountain! Although the Sect Head knew of the existence of the ninth mountain, he similarly did not notice the distortion or any abnormalities.

Spirit Creek Sect’s ninth mountain… it was a completely pitch black mountain and was shrouded by an unnerving silence. Even all of its plants and trees were black in color. On the highest peak of the ninth mountain, under a black colored peach tree, there was a monkey quietly sitting there and gazing at the peach tree; its eyes revealing complicated emotions and nostalgia.

If Bai Xiaochun was here, he would definitely recognise, with a glance, that this monkey… was the one that he had previously released! It was the monkey who liked to ponder after eating the weird pill medicine!

After a long period of time, the monkey let out a soft sigh.

“Since you are already here, why bother to hide yourself?”

The moment those words left its mouth, the space behind him immediately distorted and a tall and sturdy elderly man who wore a long purple robe walked out; he seemed as if he had just tore through the space! The elderly man looked as if he was an ordinary old man. It was as if he had no cultivation strength either, but for some reason, although he was simply standing there, he was as if a supreme being.

Standing beside the monkey, the elderly man was unable to control his expression of surprise. A crack suddenly appeared in the center of his forehead and revealed a third eye that looked at the monkey.

“You are…?”

“Can you no longer recognise me anymore? My disciple, or should I call you, Spirit Creek Sect’s First Generation Patriarch?” The monkey turned his head and stared at the elderly man, his gaze revealing the vicissitudes of life.

The elderly man’s heart trembled wildly as his pupils instantly contracted, his breaths became short as shock and disbelief was written all over his face.

“Impossible! You… you are already dead! How did you come back to life?!” This elderly man was indeed the First Generation Patriarch that had brought Spirit Creek Sect to its position as one of the four great sects today.

He could not believe it! His position, his cultivation, his composure, at this moment. it all seem to not exist anymore. However, he subconsciously believed that the other party was indeed his mysterious Master who had died ten thousand years ago. This kind of belief which came from the soul would never be wrong.

The monkey was silent, it gazed towards the direction of the Zhong Dao Mountain. He seemed to be able to look through the Zhong Dao Mountain and was able to see Bai Xiaochun who was currently meditating within the cave on the mountain. No one had noticed it, however, at that moment, deep inside the monkey’s gaze, there hid a… rarely seen feeling of respect.

“I have no idea how I came back, perhaps it was Bai Xiaochun... that kid’s pill medicine, or perhaps… some existence out there, through the hands of Bai Xiaochun, allowed me to… return.”

“And those who came back... wasn’t just me alone.”

The purple robed elderly man breathing became rapid, he followed the monkey’s gaze and glanced at Zhong Dao Mountain and Bai Xiaochun who was there.

“A mere Qi Condensation disciple.... How is that possible?!” The elderly man was in disbelief, but everything was happening right before his eyes, forcing him to believe it even if he did not want to.

“Han Zong! Do you still remember why I gave you this name?! Do you still remember that year? Why did I go against the heavens to change fate? To let you exist for ten thousand years?! Answer me!” The monkey abruptly let out a sharp and radiant glint in his eyes that gave out immense pressure. The surrounding space at this moment seemed to have turned into a thunderstorm. For some reason, just ten zhang away from these two people, every single abnormality that happened, could not be observed by anyone; even the other old Patriarchs on the ninth mountain did not notice anything.

The purple robed elderly man, Spirit Creek Sect’s first generation old Patriarch, Han Zong, stood petrified. Although it had been a long time, memories from 10,000 years ago surfaced inside Han Zong’s mind. Although he was an old man, in front of his Master, he felt as if he had returned to his younger days; he stood up straight as his aged face flushed red, as if he was a veteran soldier, loudly shouted.

“I remember... My mission is to protect the True Spirit, to lead the Spirit Creek Sect to become Heaven Passing River’s Eastern Vein’s middle stream sect, to become an upper stream sect, to kill our way into the Heaven Passing Northern Vein and eliminate the Northern Vein’s upper stream sect, Nine Heavens Thunder Cloud Sect, to return to our Ancestral Grounds, and to restore the glory of our Cold Sect’s Spirit Dao!”

“You still remember the Ancestral Grounds and the True Spirit? Then go take a look for yourself, at the talismans of Scented Cloud Mountain!” The monkey’s eyes revealed a deep mysterious look as he replied blandly. Han Zong immediately turned to look at the Scented Cloud Mountain.

With one look, he immediately frowned. In his eyes, the entire Spirit Creek Sect’s eight mountains came into his view, every mountain peak had an inner door that kept a complicated and exquisite talisman inscription. This was where the Lifeline of Spirit Creek Sect lied; its importance could not be described with words alone.

As for Scented Cloud Mountain’s runes, he did not notice anything out of the ordinary.

Seeing that from Han Zong, the monkey sighed lightly, the gaze in his eyes aged even more.

“Do you not see it…? It seems like my time of return is too late. Someone had already returned before me, understood this formation array completely, and simply sent out a spy to change the variety of the plants slightly. With that, one could make this formation array… change.”

“The Ancient Talisman beneath Scented Cloud Mountain has already been changed, and I do not have the power to forcefully reverse this change. I can only use the last strand of power that I had when I returned to activate the Spirit Snake through the hands of that child, Bai Xiaochun. Only then will the rune recover naturally.”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd sponsored chapter from last week. Special thanks to Saurabh B. for sponsoring this chapter.

Translator: Xin

Editors: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Jin

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 - The Hanmen Medical Book!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 117 - The Hanmen Medical Book!

“The hardest part about destroying the talismans of the Scented Cloud Mountain is the planning necessary to modify it without anyone noticing. However, the moment they make a move, all they need is a suitable method. Even if it’s just a Qi Condensation disciple, as long as they get into the Scented Cloud Mountain and have a bit of time, they can slowly complete the modifications. The destruction of the talisman has been done over a period of time! The South Bank definitely has a traitor!” The old monkey spoke grieviously.

A hint of coldness appeared within Han Zong’s eyes. He knew that destroying the Scented Cloud Mountain was easy, but restoring it was hard. For example, a child could easily destroy a flower vase, but an expert would be needed to restore it. Therefore, the two things could not be mentioned in the same breath!

“A traitor…” As Han Zong muttered to himself, he raised his right hand and made a grasping motion towards the Zhong Dao Mountain. After a short moment, a jade slip quickly flew over and landed in his palm. The jade slip contained records of each event that had happened within the sect during the past fifteen years. He glanced at the jade slip, and he even saw records of what happened after Bai Xiaochun entered the sect, including the thunder incident, the acid rain incident, the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley incident, and the strange phenomenon that occured whenever he refined pills.

After viewing the jade slip, Han Zong’s expression gradually turned strange. From his point of view, Bai Xiaochun was detrimental towards the sect… However, his eyes suddenly flashed.

“This child’s pill refining… appears to contain a demonic attribute!”

“There exist a myriad of different ways to traverse the Dao of Medicine, every person have different methods. Perhaps Bai Xiaochun… Fine, give him River Reversing Pill Recipe and the Hanmen Medical Book. Perhaps in his hands, the River Reversing Pill… Can be refined in the future…” the monkey lightly muttered.

Han Zong’s eyes contracted. There were countless people in the Spirit Creek Sect who attempted to refine the River Reversing Pill, however, not a single person was able to successfully refine it. The Spirit Creek Sect even had to find the Pill Creek Sect and painstakingly offered an immense price for them to refine it. But even for the Pill River Sect, it was also incredibly hard to refine.

This River Reversing Pill had already became a legend. If it were not for the Spirit Creek Sect currently possessing one, Han Zong would have definitely believed that this was an unrefinable pill. And this pill’s only function was to… awaken the True Spirit! It could awaken the True Spirit for ten breaths worth of time!

And that Hanmen Medical Book was even one of the three great foundational inheritances from that year’s Hanmen Spiritual School. It recorded Tongtian’s Dao of Medicine, and it is rumoured that it came from the world beyond the heavens.

“Pill refining that contains a demonic attribute, but that River Reversing Pill in itself is a pill that comes from a demonic sect. Perhaps… It is not impossible!” After Han Zong muttered to himself, he nodded his head and asked, “Master, your cultivation is…”

“It’s extremely difficult to recover my cultivation and it also requires time. Even if it returns... I have to wait for a few more years no matter what. With my own eyes, I want to see... the destruction of the Nine Heavens Cloud Thunder sect!” Hatred clouded the monkey’s eyes. When his whole sect was exterminated countless of time ago, only him and a few others managed to escape. Narrowly escaping the forbidden area and arriving at the Lower Stream of the Tongtian River Eastern Vein, surviving on their last breaths.

“Disciple... I wasn’t the only one who returned. Those old guys... perhaps they all revived! This old man doesn’t know why, but I think… This is an omen telling us a huge event is going to happen.”

The monkey lightly sighed while Han Zong was silent. Although he was old, energy slowly condensed within his eyes just like the old days, and there was even a hint of stubborness.

Time passed. After a month, Bai Xiaochun could be seen within his cave, currently finishing his cultivation. He was somewhat nervous about the possibilities of what events could happen if he left his cave. He frowned and let out a sigh. However, if he stayed here and was unable to leave, he could only continue to meditate and do some breathing exercises.

Today, Bai Xiaochun had just finished cultivating and opened his eyes before sighing as he usually did, however, at that moment, Bai Xiaochun was shocked. On the floor, an extra jade slip and a bamboo book had suddenly appeared.

These two items seemed to be extremely ancient, as if it had existed for countless years. The momet he glanced at the items, he could feel vicissitudes of life.

“Eh?” Bai Xiaochun was stupidified. He glanced around and suspiciously picked up the jade slip; he inserted his spirit force as he closely examined it. In an instant, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened.

“River Reversing Pill? It doesn’t need any plants, but instead uses the river water of Tongtian River to refine the pill? This… What type of miracle pill is this? It looks pretty good. The river water of the Tongtian River could actually be used to refine a pill?!” Bai Xiaochun believed it was inconceivable. He carefully inspected the method of refining the pill and took a deep breath.

“This is too scary! It actually uses the body as a furnace…” He took a glance at the bamboo book and at the same time, his eyes became even wider.

“Hanmen Medical Book?”

“The immortal Hanmen rises, the eternal reincarnation falls!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. After he opened the bamboo book, he couldn’t see anything concrete, only a patch of fuzziness. He could only see the first line of the book, but this one line made him crazy.

“Could it be… Could it be that this medical book can refine an immortality pill? Ahhhh!” Bai Xiaochun let out a screech; he began shaking from head to foot. His eyes were bloodshot and showing excitement, as if he had just found a precious treasure.

“Senior Brother Sect Head must’ve seen me diligently cultivating and gave me these two items as a reward. Senior Brother Sect Head is too generous. This River Reversing Pill is but a small gift, just wait until I’ve become more awesome, then I’ll refine a thousand of these for Senior Brother Sect Head.” Bai Xiaochun was excited and hurriedly researched the Hanmen Medical Book. Although he couldn’t see more of the contents of the book, his persistence still did not decrease.

This was especially so for the bamboo used to make the Hanmen Medical Book. After some research, Bai Xiaochun realised that he actually couldn’t recognise this bamboo, but it released a feeling of the vicissitudes of life, as if it had existed for over ten thousand years.

He was unable to imagine what kind of bamboo could actually exist for ten thousand years. Furthermore, it was clearly releasing bursts of sweet scents that could make his cultivation operate much faster after assimilating into his body.

Bai Xiaochun was even more excited, and checked it over and over again. This was an extraordinary treasure, and some doubts appeared in the bottom of his heart. Could it actually be true that his cultivation today had moved the Sect Head? Or perhaps his master’s spirit in the underworld rewarded this to him?

“That can’t be possible…” Bai Xiaochun thought for a while and clenched his teeth. He decided to simply not care. The treasure was in his hands anyways; it was already his.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun didn’t see that there was a monkey standing behind him in the deepest parts of the cave. It looked at him, with reverence and suspicion hidden in his eyes.

“How in the world did he do it… Could it be that there really is a spirit that exists? A spirit that let me return with his help…?”

After a long time, the monkey turned around and walked into the rock wall; following the rock wall all the way to the bottom of the Zhong Dao Mountain… until it reached the depths of the river bank.

Here, there was an enormous crypt, filled with the golden river water of the Tongtian River. There was a mighty formation array all around this area, and the entire Spirit River Sect was the nucleus of this formation array.

This formation array wasn’t used to suppress, but rather… to protect.

In the middle of the golden river water, there was a coffin.

This coffin had no cover, and inside, it could be seen that there was a female baby’s… corpse.

Even though that female baby was a corpse, there was a trace of life force on her body, and the feeling of the vicissitudes of life was present, and with each passing moment, it got even stronger...

Time flew by and another two months passed.

Bai Xiaochun, from the start until the end, could not see what was inside the Hanmen Medical Book. Although he was not unwilling to find out, all he could do was give up. He planned on waiting for his refining skills to become even better, and maybe then, he could finally understand what was in the Medical Book.

At this moment, his punishment time had ended. When Bai Xiaochun walked out of the stone cave, he was in high spirits, and his cultivation had slight improvements. It wasn't long before he found out that he would be sent to the North Bank to observe the beasts and deepen his cultivation of the Water Nation technique.

“The North Bank…” Bai Xiaochun stared blankly and looked into the distance towards the North Bank as he hesitated. He recalled how he was called the North Bank’s number one enemy during the Heaven’s Chosen War.

“It’s been so long since then; they should’ve almost forgotten it.” Bai Xiaochun uncertainly muttered in a low voice. He was hesitant, but he couldn’t do anything about it; this was the Sect Head’s order. Bai Xiaochun thought for a while and expectation slowly emerged in his eyes. He was looking forward to the Rearing Beast Seed in his storage pouch. If he could get a fierce beast for himself, then going to the North Bank wasn’t something unbearable.

He returned to the Scented Cloud Mountain and tidied up his travel equipment in the collapsed cave. Three days later, on the Zhong Dao Mountain, all of the Elders, Ancestors, inner sect disciples, and many outer sect disciples sent him off.

This sending off was spontaneous, and almost all of the disciples came here, looking at Bai Xiaochun. They wanted to confirm with their own eyes that Bai Xiaochun was going to the North Bank before they could be relieved.

Seeing that so many people came to send him off, Bai Xiaochun who was standing beside the Sect Head, felt extremely moved, and he waved towards the crowd.

“Everyone, I have to go to the North Bank, but I really don’t want to part with you guys. I really don’t want to part with the South Bank, and I really don’t want to part with every blade of grass and every tree here.”

After the crowd heard these words, their expressions all turned strange. After all, a send-off was very strict, and the Sect Head, along with the various Ancestors, were here. Even if they were normally very angry towards Bai Xiaochun, these disciples forced out an expression that made it seem like they hated to part with Bai Xiaochun.

Only Zhang Fatso One, Hou Xiaomei, Hou Yunfei and the other people who were very friendly with Bai Xiaochun were truly relunctant to part with him from the bottom of their hearts. However, in the first place, the North and South Bank were both a part of the Spirit Creek Sect, so this relunctance wasn’t really that strong.

“Junior Disciple Bai, your talent is exceptional, and you have started to comprehend the Water Nation Technique along with its grandeur. Could it be that you don’t want to create a miracle and cultivate the Water Nation Technique to perfection? The North Bank has more resources than my South Bank. If you continue to cultivate there, then it can make your future potential even greater, with even higher chances of entering the Foundation Establishment. After you enter Foundation Establishment, your lifespan will increase.” Elder Zhou walked out within the crowd, looking at Bai Xiaochun with gentleness on his face as he slowly spoke.

Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled. The fact that entering Foundation Establishment would increase his lifespan made rays of lights appear in his eyes.

“Go! Turn away and walk towards the North Bank! Remember, we cultivators must always press forward. After leaving, do not look back, just go all the way!

“Yes, Senior Uncle Bai, go on. You have lofty aspirations. Only the North Bank can give you the sky you dream to fly on!”

“Senior Uncle Bai, don’t be reluctant to leave us, just go into the North Bank and never come back; your path is in front of you.” The crowd successively opened their mouths to speak, and when Bai Xiaochun heard the words said by everyone around him, his eyes started to tear up.

At this moment, he took a deep breath and cupped his fist in his other hand to pay respects to the crowd as he turned away. A strange look appeared in the Sect Head’s face as Bai Xiaochun followed him to the Zhong Dao Mountain and went to the North Bank...

Seeing Bai Xiaochun walking away, the benevolent look on Elder Zhou’s face instantly changed to excitement, and all the disciples there were also elated. Many people even cried tears of happiness.

“Heaven has eyes. This Bai Xiaochun has finally gone away!”

“Hahahaha, the Sect Head has given us mercy and the Ancestors are wise. Heaven is finally fair. The spring of our South Bank has finally arrived!”

“Is this true? Bai Xiaochun has actually left? I don’t dare to believe that this is true!” Countless people seethed with excitement and started cheering. Some people actually brought out gongs and drums, happily beating them.

At the north side of the Zhong Dao Mountain, Bai Xiaochun was currently following the Sect Head when he heard the sounds of the gongs and drums behind him resounding to the heavens. He let out a dry cough with a strange expression, vaguely feeling that this scene felt a bit familiar; sorrow immediately appeared on his face.

“Senior Brother Sect Head, do you hear this sound? The South Bank is also relunctant to part with me. Because of me leaving, they’ve become like this due to sadness.”

Zheng Yuandong’s blanked out for a moment, and he could only lift his head, staring silently into the sky…

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Jin

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 - Unbearable...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 118 - Unbearable...

The Spirit Creek Sect has eight mountain peaks. Besides Zhong Dao Mountain, South Bank has three different mountain peaks, while the North Bank has four mountain peaks: the Setting Sun Mountain, the Sky Mountain, the Iridaceae Mountain and the Ghost Tooth Mountain.

There are a large number of disciples in every mountain peak, however, those in the South Bank are incomparable to those of the North Bank. Any of North Bank’s mountain peaks had outer sect disciples numbering in the tens of thousands and there were also over a thousand inner sect disciples.

The unified strength of the entire North Bank surpassed the strength of the South Bank by over two folds, and because of this, the North Bank increasingly became stronger. It vaguely became known as the leader of the Spirit Creek Sect.

The atmosphere in the North Bank was also totally different from the South Bank. Practically everyone here had a war beast. There were so many of them that it was common to hear the cooing sounds of a flying beast.

The entire North Bank seemed to be filled with a savage feeling; everyone in North Bank looked especially violent. When one looked up at the sky, one would be able to see many different types of fierce birds soaring through the air. Occasionally, even the Guardian Beasts of the North Bank’s four mountains could be seen; their figures would terrify almost everyone.

As of this moment, Sect Head Zheng Yuandong was currrently escorting Bai Xiaochun to the North Bank. However, the moment Bai Xiaochun arrived, he immediately attracted the attention of the North Bank’s disciples. Many disciples instantly recognized him as the North Bank’s number one enemy in that year’s Heaven’s Chosen War.

When the four Ancestors of the North Bank came forward to respectfully greet the Sect Head, everyone in the Ghost Tooth Mountain’s Main Hall began to discuss. When Bai Xiaochun was waiting outside the hall, the fact Bai Xiaochun was coming to the North Bank to cultivate had already been quickly spread by the people who knew him. Within half an incense stick’s worth of time, nearly every single outer and inner sect disciple of the North Bank knew of Bai Xiaochun’s arrival.

“Did you hear? That extremely evil Bai Xiaochun has come to our North Bank!”

“Bai Xiaochun? The North Bank's number one enemy actually dared to come to our North Bank! Haha, this is a good thing… a marvelous thing!”

“I heard that he came here because he caused a disturbance in the South Bank’s Ten Thousand Snakes Valley. It seems that he has a magical power; wherever he goes, he will drive the people there mad. I don’t even know whether it’s real or fake.”

“Even if it actually happened, it’s pointless. In our North Bank, even a dragon becomes a snake; even a tiger becomes a cat. That year, during the Heaven’s Chosen War, he gave us unprecedented shame. This time, the Heavens truly have eyes, the Sect Head actually made him come here. We must let this Bai Xiaochun know the consequences of provoking our North Bank!”

After this news spread, all of the disciples from the North Bank’s four mountains all cheered while clenching their fists until their knuckles turned white. They all stared at the peak of the Ghost Tooth Mountain, showing a vicious glare.

They had already prepared to force Bai Xiaochun to be unable to move a single step and suffer in the North Bank.

Especially the people who participated in the Heaven’s Chosen War - the Gongsun siblings, and Xu Song - were trembling with excitement after hearing about this. After the Heaven’s Chosen War, they had entered seclusion to fully concentrate on cultivation. They were already much stronger now compared to during the Heaven’s Chosen War.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun was standing outside the Main Hall of the Ghost Tooth Mountain, raising his head to look at the countless birds in the sky. There was a Seven-Coloured Phoenix that was astonishing. Wherever it went, the birds would fly around it, as though they were worshiping it. This Seven-Coloured Phoenix gracefully flew around the North Bank a few times, then slowly flew towards the peak of the Iridaceae Mountain, completely disappearing from everyone’s sight.

Only after this did Bai Xiaochun withdraw his glance. He was very curious about the state of the North Bank. There were currently four disciples of the Ghost Tooth Mountain by his side, coldly staring at him.

Their gazes were filled with hate and anger, clearly unhappy towards Bai Xiaochun’s arrival.

After Bai Xiaochun yawned and rubbed his eyes, he realized that the four disciples of the Ghost Tooth Mountain had been staring at him for so long, and hence he began to speak with good intentions.

“These… four nephews, if you keep staring at me without even blinking, then I will feel embarrassed.” Bai Xiaochun coughed, thinking of easing the tension in the air. After all, he knew that he would have to stay in the North Bank for a period of time.

But the moment he finished speaking, the gazes of the four guards turned sharper, like four invisible swords flying towards Bai Xiaochun.

“Uh...we’re all in the same sect, yet you guys are staring at me with vicious eyes. Come, let me tell you a joke, once upon a time…” Bai Xiaochun felt embarrassed, but still, he felt that he was their elder, and so he laughed and continued talking. However, before he finished talking, he realized that the gazes of the four disciples of the Ghost Tooth Mountain got even scarier.

Bai Xiaochun felt that he had already tried his best to improve his relationship with them, but they were still glaring at him. He couldn’t help but feel ashamed.

Time passed, and quickly, the disciples of the Ghost Tooth Mountain found out that the North Bank's number one enemy, Bai Xiaochun had arrived. As a result, many people rushed towards the mountain. After seeing Bai Xiaochun, all of their grudges towards Bai Xiaochun rushed into their heads, and they immediately shouted at him, angrily.

“Bai Xiaochun, you dare to come to the North Bank! This time, we will let you know the price of offending our North Bank!”

“Damn it, whenever I see him, I remember the pain that Senior Brother Bei Hanlie had experienced!”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun!” When everyone was angrily shouting, Bai Xiaochun quickly retreated. He felt that these people were relying on numbers and were too excessive because he was too weak. When he was retreating, a cold snort suddenly came from the main hall.

“What are you making noise about!”

“Bai Xiaochun, come in.”

Following the echo of that voice, everyone stopped their shouting. But all of their gazes turned cold, making Bai Xiaochun felt terrified from the bottom of his heart. He firmly told himself that he should not be suppressed, and so he fiercely looked at the crowd, assuming a proud appearance as he quickly stepped into the main hall.

In the Main Hall, Sect Head Zheng Yuandong sat on the head seat with the four Ancestors of the North Bank beside him. They all had strange expressions, especially Zheng Yuandong, who sighed from the bottom of his heart. Regarding Bai Xiaochun, he was fully convinced. He had only been here for how long… and had almost caused a riot from the disciples outside.

“Bai Xiaochun, this old man and the four Ancestors of the North Bank have talked, and we have arranged for you to go to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard to be a caretaker for the beasts there.

When you are taking care of the beasts, you should go observe them and take the chance to condense a Life Spirit for the Water Nation technique.

“The Hundred Beasts Courtyard is not located in any mountain, but right next to the ‘Ancient Beast Abyss’ behind the mountain. You can’t continue to be mischievous here. You must diligently cultivate and cherish this chance!” The Sect Head meaningfully looked at Bai Xiaochun, then looked towards the four Ancestors that were next to him.

“My Junior Brother is mischievous, if he commits any offenses, please discipline him.”

The four Ancestors had smiles on their faces, and after exchanging pleasantries, they respectfully sent off the Sect Head as he left the North Bank and returned to the Zhong Dao Mountain. The four Ancestors together with Bai Xiaochun were left inside the Main Hall.

The four Ancestors sized up Bai Xiaochun, and the old woman from the Iridaceae Mountain gave him a sharp look.

“Bai Xiaochun, the North Bank is different from the South Bank. Rules are the principles of our North Bank, and people who break these rules will be severely punished! For example, if the Ten Thousand Snakes Valley incident happened in the North Bank, you would now be hanging under the Zhong Dao Mountain, or above the Tongtian River, being punished for ten years. And that would be considered light."

Bai Xiaochun was nervous from the bottom of his heart,and quickly showed a lovable appearance while repeatedly nodding his head.

The four Ancestors looked at each other and no longer paid attention to Bai Xiaochun. They arranged an inner sect disciple from the Ghost Tooth Mountain to escort Bai Xiaochun to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard and went on their separate ways.

The inner sect disciple from the Ghost Tooth Mountain who escorted Bai Xiaochun to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard was a long-faced youth who had some pockmarks on his face, it caused him to look terrifying. He coldly glanced at Bai Xiaochun and walked in front of him, not saying a single word.

Bai Xiaochun blinked and followed closely behind. As the two people walked on a road in the North Bank, they gathered a lot of vicious glares here and there. Some outer sect disciples even carried a hostile look when looking at Bai Xiaochun.

The feeling of him being an outcast, in addition to the words that the old woman said in the Main Hall, made Bai Xiaochun fearful. He had an immense longing for the days in the South Bank that he used to have. After half an incense stick’s worth of time, as the long-faced disciple sped along, the two arrived at the area behind the mountain of the North Bank, next to a valley.

This place had a large area that was sealed by a formation array. Looking at the space encompassed, it was a lush forest that faintly had the cries of monstrous beasts coming out from it. There was an even more frightening thing. In the deepest parts of this forest, there seemed to be an abyss hidden within. When there were bursts of undulations that echoed from the abyss, it could even twist space itself.

Bai Xiaochun looked into the distance and his eyes slightly shrunk. He noticed a solitary pavilion which wasn't far from him. There was also a stone stele and under it, stood a skinny inner sect disciple who was waiting for Bai Xiaochun to take over as his escort.

The long-faced youth did not say a single word to Bai Xiaochun from the start of the journey until the end. As soon as they arrived, the former spoke a few simple words to the disciple in front of the pavilion and informed him that Bai Xiaochun was about to switch tasks with him. This skinny inner sect disciple's eyes swept over Bai Xiaochun; his eyes showed displeasure as he unwillingly threw a jade slip to Bai Xiaochun.

“This one is Sun Wen. This jade slip can sense the positions of the 981 monstrous beasts in this area. Every one of these monstrous beasts is a precious resource of my North Bank. If you damage anything, and the sect wants to blame you, then you have to take responsibility". After Sun Wen indifferently spoke, he left with the long-faced youth.

Even though the other party was extremely rude, Bai Xiaochun could only cough dryly and didn’t take offense. He inspected the pavilion and strolled around it, realizing that although the accommodation wasn't as good as the cave that he collapsed at the Scented Cloud Mountain, it was still better than the residences of the outer sect disciples. As a result, he was still satisfied.

“That old lady said that the North Bank paid attention to rules. Could it be that there are many sect rules here that are different from the South Bank? No, I should do some research about the sect rules of the North Bank, or else I may unintentionally commit an offense."

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, Jin, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 - I’ve Buried The Rearing Beast Seed In The Spring
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 119 - I’ve Buried The Rearing Beast Seed In The Spring

“I, Bai Xiaochun, have only come to the North Bank in order to learn. I must keep a low profile in the future!” Bai Xiaochun muttered to himself for a short moment. After making up his mind, Bai Xiaochun glanced at the jade slip in his hands and inserted his spirit force. Instantaneously, approximately a thousand tiny dots of light appeared within his mind, clearly showing the positions of every spirit beast in this area.

“Rearing these spirit beasts…” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes began to sparkle. It didn’t matter whether it was the contents of the five volumes of spirit beasts or how fantastic the disciples of the North Bank looked like as they fought with their beasts during the Heaven’s Chosen War, all of these things made Bai Xiaochun have a great interest towards the spirit beasts of the North Bank.

Seeing that it was still early in the evening, Bai Xiaochun left the pavilion and wandered around the forest. It was currently spring; the vegetation was exuberant, the spring wind was blowing, the birds were chirping and the flowers were fragrant. Following the directions of the jade slip, Bai Xiaochun discovered different spirit beasts one after another.

“The Wise Sky Beast!”

“The Whirlpool Dragon? Its internal organs are needed to refine a Grade 4 spirit medicine!”

“This is… a Mist Marten? It’s speed is fairly fast and its hair can be used to create a protective treasure!” The more Bai Xiaochun gazed at these beasts, the more excitement he displayed; he was so excited that he was currently beaming with joy. As of this moment, the contents of the five volumes of spirit beasts were alive in his mind and verifying each type of spirit beast. His theoretical knowledge and practical knowledge began to fuse, causing his understanding towards the five volumes of spirit beasts to rapidly increase.

Following his incessant observations, he identified a monkey which was over two zhang tall, an enormous bear that could blend with nature, a fierce tiger which had grown wings, and even a pangolin that was not far away from him which was over ten zhang tall; it whistled past him with an extremely fast speed.

At first, these spirit beasts who had retained their fierceness showed desire to attack Bai Xiaochun who had appeared in the forest, however, they quickly noticed the smell of the jade slip in Bai Xiaochun’s hand, and they gradually stopped caring, not bothering to pay attention to him.

Bai Xiaochun was extremely excited after gazing at these spirit beasts. Especially after he noticed that he would not attract the hate of these spirit beasts due to the jade slip he was holding. He thought of getting close to the spirit beasts, however, the moment he approached them, they instantly turned agitated.

Bai Xiaochun thought it over and didn’t choose to forcefully get close to them; instead, he just returned to the pavilion once it was dusk.

In the morning of the second day, he woke up early. Following the labels on the jade slip, he dashed into the forest to continue observing the spirit beasts. Time slowly passed, half a month had passed since Bai Xiaochun came to the North Bank.

During this half month, he had never left the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, causing the disciples outside who wanted to find trouble with him have no excuse to do so.

Instead, Bai Xiaochun lead a very fufilling life during this half month. He was very excited everyday. After verifying each beast with the five volume of spirit beasts in his mind, he had already realised that he was very narrow minded with his previous way of refining medicine.

“When I was previously refining medicine, I had only paid attention to plants, and had neglected spirit beast materials. But in reality, after I combine both plants and spirit beast materials, more changes will occur, causing the allelopathy to become even better.” Bai Xiaochun was excited. His body flashed as he wanted to increase his speed in the forest, but he suddenly paused when he saw a Flying Tiger lying on its stomach, panting. Its leg was a bloody mess, as if it had been injured when it was hunting for food.

Bai Xiaochun rapidly closed in, the Flying Tiger aburptly raised its head and let out a low growl as Bai Xiaochun pressed on its body. No matter how much the Flying Tiger struggled, it was unable to break free from the astonishing strength of Bai Xiaochun’s fleshy body.

“Don’t move! I’ll help you bind up this wound.” Bai Xiaochun glanced at the struggling tiger below his palm; he treated its wound as he talked, spreading medicinal powder on its wound, only then did he let it go.

The Flying Tiger rapidly flew into the air and roared towards Bai Xiaochun. It appeared shocked as it looked at its wound, then at Bai Xiaochun. After that, it turned around and flew away.

Bai Xiaochun wasn't offended by the Flying Tiger’s actions; he just flew off to a different location.

This occurrence went on until he finished a day’s worth of observations. After he returned to the pavilion, he saw that the sky was gradually turning dark, and took out a small wooden box from his storage pouch.

After he opened the small wooden box, a fist-size seed appeared, which had a strong life force that diffused outwards, like a heart. Even a vague throbbing could be seen.

“Rearing Beast Seed!” Bai Xiaochun’s eye’s began to glisten. He had obtained this seed from the storage pouch of a Fallen Chen Clansmen during the betrayal of the Fallen Chen Clan a few years ago. It had to be known that this seed was nearly extinct in the current cultivation world.

In these last few years, Bai Xiaochun had researched and found bits of information about it, and from this, he determined that the five volumes of spirit beast were legitimate. This seed could truly give birth to a Bloodline Inherited Beast after absorbing the essences of spirit beasts.

When Bai Xiaochun resided in the South Bank, he had already wanted a combat beast for himself, but he didn’t have the proper conditions to proceed in burying the Rearing Beast Seed. Now that he had entered the North Bank, all that was left was to bury it.

“This Rearing Beast Seed can produce a young beast. If it was a normal spirit beast, it would not conform with my identity as the Honorable Disciple and the Sect Head’s Junior Brother. I must plant this Rearing Beast Seed well, and collect the essences of all the strong spirit beasts after it blooms. This seed will produce a… beast that has the strong points of ten thousand beasts; it will be the beast that has never been seen before, and will never be seen again. It will be the… strongest combat beast!” An intense light appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes; he was full of spirit. After taking a deep breath, he took the small wooden box and went behind the pavilion.

There was an area here that was within the formation array of the pavilion; Bai Xiaochun had this set up during this half month to become his garden to plant spirit medicines.

He carefully planted this Rearing Beast Seed into the ground. Because he had high expectations towards this seed, he decided to use Spirit Refinement on all the soil here three times to be at ease.

“According to the records of the five volumes of spirit beasts, the growth period of this Rearing Beast Seed shouldn’t be too long…” Bai Xiaochun even had a sense of expectation, and stayed here to observe the seed for a long time, all the way until night. Only then did he leave, but he quickly ran back to confirm that this area was in the range of the formation array. Afterwards, he finally felt relieved, so he returned to the pavilion.

On this night, Bai Xiaochun barely got any sleep and was constantly running back out to the place where he planted the Rearing Beast Seed to inspect it.

This went on for half a month and only then did he slowly suppress the expectations in his heart; he just began to immerse himself in the near thousand spirit beasts in the forest. Everyday, besides cultivating and examining the rules in the North Bank, he mostly spent his time observing spirit beasts in the forest.

Occasionally, some disciples of the North Bank also came to the stone steel in front of the pavilion to hand over some contribution points, and either observed the spirit beasts or attempt to sign a contract with the spirit beasts, turning them into their personal combat beasts.

Merely, the area behind the courtyard was heavily protected by Bai Xiaochun, who even adjusted the important points of the formation array, making it perfect, without any inconveniences, which also made him less worried of it being destroyed.

Time passed, and with these kinds of peaceful days, half a year quickly passed by.

Within this half year, Bai Xiaochun did not go out; he spent his whole day in the forest, with the spirit beasts as his companions. The number of spirit beasts that got healed by him was already not little, to the point where Bai Xiaochun created a simple pill, which could help the qi and blood of spirit beasts operate more quickly after swallowing it.

As a result, under Bai Xiaochun’s great care and the pill, all of the spirit beasts in the forest practically began to have good relations with Bai Xiaochun. Those spirit beasts gradually accepted Bai Xiaochun, allowing him to get near them, carefully investigate their bodies, and some beasts, especially those without a contract, who actually had no differences from a combat beasts, listened to Bai Xiaochun’s words.

Today, as Bai Xiaochun was strolling around the forest, three disciples of the North Bank arrived at the stone stele outside of the pavilion, and after automatically buying the privilige to stay in the forest for three nights, they stepped into the forest.

One of those disciples was the inner sect disciple who was the attendant half a year ago, the disciple who switched with Bai Xiaochun, Sun Wen.

There were two outer sect disciples following him, a boy and a girl. The boy was short and still had an immature look of his face. On the other hand, the girl, although young, had a slender body and a beautiful face, her eyes having a curious and excited look as she looked all around.

“Thanks Senior Brother Sun. This time, with Senior Brother Sun here, the chances of us obtaining a combat beast has increased by a lot.” The girl excitedly spoke, and her eyes had adoration in them when she looked towards Sun Wen.

“Of course, Senior Brother Sun is an inner sect disciple, and was the attendant of this Hundred Beasts Courtyard for many years. He knows all of the spirit beasts in this area like the back of his palm, and even the spirit beasts in this area remember Senior Brother Sun.” the short youth from the outer sect also excitedly said.

“It’s actually not that big of a deal, however, this Sun can still command many spirit beasts. In a moment, tell me when you see a spirit beast, I’ll go and pacify them, and this will save a lot of effort for you.

However, you must remember that there are ten combat beasts who have a violent temperament. For example, the Sky Fire Bear, the Nightwalker Ape, the Scarlet Flying Tiger, and especially the Armored Mountain Beast, whose fierceness has reached the pinnacle. Even though people who come here have the qualifications for shelter, they still must be very cautious and make sure you never provoke these beasts.” Sun Wen was pleased with himself; his gaze fell on the body of that female disciple as he quickly measured her up from top to bottom. His thoughts became feverish as he secretly lamented.

There were many benefits of being the attendant of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. The main benefit was making use of your position to help people quickly find a specific spirit beast, and even reducing the difficulty of signing a contract with the spirit beast by relying on the supressive power of the jade slip.

If it was possible, Sun Wen would not be willing to leave the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. However, it was the sect’s order, which made him have no choice but to give the job to Bai XIaochun, and he already had dissatisfaction from the bottom of his heart. At this moment, he was bringing two people along with him and walking inside the forest. Gradually, they met many spirit beasts on their path, and many would come close to Sun Wen when he called them over, clearly still recognising Sun Wen.

“This is a Monkey Deer?”

“This is a Flying Cloud Rat. It is ranked within the top 600 combat beasts in this area. Do you want it?”

“Your luck is not bad, this is a Fierce Toothed Horse, which is ranked in the top 300. When I saw it during that time, it wasn’t this big.”

“Eeeh, that’s actually the Flying Fire Butterfly. Haha, this butterfly is in the earlier parts of the top 300, and possesses an illusion skill. Do you want it?” While walking, the two outer sect disciples already had a fanatical look towards Sun Wen. This was because many spirit beasts in this area stopped when they saw Sun Wen, as if they could obediently sign a contract with him.

That male disciple chose the Fierce Toothed Horse with great delight, and that female disciple chose to give up on the Flying Fire Butterfly after hesitating, and instead, she expectantly looked at Sun Wen, clearly wanting a better spirit beast.

“Senior Brother Sun, are there any beasts that are within the top 200?” Reverence appeared in the female disciple’s eyes.

“Don’t try to bite off more than what you can chew. Any beast that is ranked within the top 200 is extremely difficult to tame. Even I, who was the attendant for many years, have no assurance in commanding them. As for that new attendant, I estimate that he doesn’t even have a third of my ability. Even looking at the sect as a whole, within the Qi Condensation disciples, no one can command a spirit beast of that level. You guys should not try to rashly control these spirit beasts, there are dangers in this place. You guys…” Sun Wen was gravely speaking to them, and was about to continue talking. But suddenly, the female disciple from the outer sect opened her eyes widely, excitedly pointing at the mountain cliff in front of them.

“Senior Brother Sun, look! There’s a Flying Tiger there!” The girl was excited. With Sun Wen by her side, she felt that there was nothing impossible here. Pleasantly surprised, she subconsciously made hand signs, immediately sending the North Bank’s special Beast Controlling Power flying towards the flying tiger.

Sun Wen suddenly turned around and saw a flying tiger that had grown wings lying on the cliff in the distance, coldly looking at the three people. Its gaze carried a cold and ruthless feeling.

“Scarlet Flying Tiger! Damn it! This isn’t the place where it’s supposed to be! This is one of the top ten combat beasts in this area!” Sun Wen immediately opened his eyes widely. When he saw the female disciple beside him actually dare to try and capture this beast, his mind immediately trembled, and he rapidly retreated, grabbing the two people with him. The road he took them on looked very impressive, but in reality, the area he took them to was an area where the combat beasts were very docile. After all, for the spirit beasts to retain their fierceness, the sect raised them in a place where they had a lot of freedom, so there was danger present for outer sect disciples. This was why every outer sect disciple that entered this always had an inner sect disciple following them.

But at this moment, that flying tiger fiercely let out a low roar and stood up. Following that roar, which could shake the heavens, the Beast Controlling Power that landed on its body immediately collapsed.

“Not good!” Sun Wen was shocked. The flying tiger was currently setting off a gale, and its pressure was comparable to that of the ninth layer of Qi Condensation. The two outer sect disciples were already completely blank, overwhelmed with shock and trembling. Sun Wen clenched his teeth and was about to take out a jade slip to ask for help.

However, at this very moment, a voice of bewilderment came from afar.

“Eeeeh! Little Tiger, why are you so naughty? lie down!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important Note: PLEASE DO NOT, AT ALL COSTS, SPOIL THE READERS WITH EVENTS OR HAPPENINGS THAT ARE WAY BEYOND THE CURRENT CHAPTERS IN THE COMMENTS. There are several forums where you guys can do that, and the comment section of the latest chapter is NOT the place for it. Please keep this in mind and don’t ruin the experience for readers who can’t read the raws. THANK YOU.

3rd guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translator: Sean

Editors: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 - Chalenging Bai Xiaochun!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 120 - Chalenging Bai Xiaochun!

Following the voice, the originally overbearing tiger suddenly stopped, descended from the sky, lied down, and even wagged its tail. It caused dust and dead leaves to stir up, and it lifted its huge head, with its tongue sticking out, obediently looking at the enormous figure who walked over.

That impressive figure was a ten zhang tall pangolin, which was exuding a fierce aura from its whole body. Its green eyes held indifference in them as it walked over, step by step.

This change was too fast, making Sun Wen dumbfounded. The two outer sect disciples behind him took a deep breath, and were also dumbstruck by what just happened.

The female disciple became confused. The reversal of the flying tiger’s attitude, and the arrival of the pangolin made her have an inconceivable feeling. She was unable to imagine that the flying tiger that made Senior Brother Sun be overwhelmed with shock would actually lie on the floor and actually put on a lovable face, all because of a single sentence. This... and its previous fierce and mighty appearance, was just too different, it made her stupified.

“The ten great combat beasts?” The male outer sect disciple behind Sun Wen muttered in a low voice, disbelief was clear in his voice. When he rose his head, the enormous pangolin entered his line of sight as he took a deep breath.

“Armored… Mountain Beast…” Sun Wen dubiously looked up at the enormous pangolin. Its mere pressure made him feel fearful. This was especially so when he saw a thin figure sitting on the back of the pangolin, which caused his mind to buzz, making him involuntarily cry out.

“It’s you!”

The person sitting on the enormous pangolin was, indeed, Bai Xiaochun. He stood up and jumped down to the flying tiger, patting it on its head.

“You went to scare people again!” Bai Xiaochun was very angry. The flying tiger blinked its eyes and lowered its head; it rubbed its head against Bai Xiaochun’s leg. This scene made Sun Wen feel as though a thunder struck his mind, and the two outer sect disciples behind him were completely dumbfounded.

“My bad, Little Tiger doesn’t really have any evil intentions. It’s just mischievous and likes to scare people. Little Tiger, go apologise.” Bai Xiaochun kicked the flying tiger with his leg.

Although the flying tiger felt that it had been wronged, it still leaned its head over to the three disciples and let out a low growl. Although the roar was low, it still sounded like thunderclap, causing the shocked three people to tremble from the bottom of their hearts.

Bai Xiaochun’s gaze swept across the three people, and he recognised Sun Wen, but he pretended to not recognise him. He then asked with a smile,“You guys have come to choose a combat beast, I presume.”

“We… We have come to choose our combat beasts…” That female outer sect disciple forcefully swallowed her saliva and quickly spoke. She looked at Bai Xiaochun with a panicked expression. Senior Brother Sun, who was beside her, was already scared of the combat beast, but that combat beast actually became as obedient as a dog under the legs of that person. This scene was really too frightening.

“Fine, since we have met, we must’ve have been brought together by fate. I’ll help you guys out.” Bai Xiaochun gave a dry cough. During moments such as these, he was always very enthusiastic, and therefore, he raised his head and shouted loudly.

After the shout echoed outwards, the floor quickly shook following the arrival of a figure rapidly running over. The figure appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun, and turned into a huge ape, which excitedly grinned towards Bai Xiaochun, patting its chest with its fist as it unceasingly cried out.

“Little Monkey, go to one side, you’re not suitable for them.” Bai Xiaochun waved his hand, and the huge ape immediately had a long face as it ran to one side.

Sun Wen’s body trembled as he immediately recognised the ape as the fierce Nightwalker Ape which was within the ten great combat beasts. A few years ago, he had personally witnessed this Nightwalker Ape bloodily twist the head of a Water Wood Lion when it was still alive.

However, at this moment, this ape was actually in front of Bai Xiaochun, obediently listening to him. Sun Wen as if he was dreaming.

Meanwhile, an enormous bear charged over, and when it reached Bai Xiaochun, it actually stood up with its two legs, unceasingly shaking its butt.

“Little Bear, stop jumping around, there are other people here.” Bai Xiaochun had a headache. The enormous bear fiercely looked at the three people and let out a low growl.

“Sky...Sky Fire Bear, it’s actually dancing…” Sun Wen stared blankly at the sight in front of him as waves surged in his mind. He was already in this state, and the other two outer sect disciples were even more shocked. But quickly, their shock increased tenfold, changing into unprecedented fear.

All around them, the earth was shaking, and quickly, spirit beasts appeared one after another, and when the last one arrived, the area became extremely crowded; there were several hundreds of spirit beasts! Those beasts that arrived weren’t those docile beasts that the three of them had previously seen, and were instead, imcomparably fierce beasts.

Even if Sun Wen was an inner sect disciple, his legs turned soft with the appearance of these hundreds of spirit beasts. The faces of the two outer sect disciples had already turned deathly white, and the intense feeling of danger made their minds tremble until they lost self-control.

“Choose one.” Bai Xiaochun coughed and intentionally spoke his words profoundly.

Sun Wen was at a loss. He was unable to imagine how Bai Xiaochun had actually made all of the spirit beasts in this area listen to him in a mere half year.

And when he thought about himself, who stayed here for many years, endless bitterness filled his heart. This distinct contrast made, not only him, but the intestines of the male outer sect disciple behind him turn green.

He looked at those beasts with envy and the bitterness in his heart won, causing him to be silent. He hated himself for carelessly picking a fighting beast earlier. If only he had waited and met this mystical Senior Brother, then he too would have this astonishing good luck. But now...he didn’t have that good luck anymore.

The body of the female outer sect disciple trembled with disbelief, and she promptly pointed at a huge bird. That bird who had a whole body filled with black feathers cried out, and its natural fierceness dissipated under Bai Xiaochun’s watch, allowing the Beast Controlling Power of the girl to enter its body. After it slowly signed the contract, it flew in midair, circling around the air.

Bai Xiaochun laughed, and with a wave of his hand, all of the surrounding beasts instantly dispersed. He jumped on to the back of the pangolin, which made a low growl and turned around, taking Bai Xiaochun away.

The girl could not believe that she had actually succeeded, so she suddenly shouted at the distant Bai Xiaochun.

“Senior Brother, can you tell me your name?”

When Bai Xiaochun who was standing on the back of the pangolin heard this, he was pleased from the bottom of his heart, and slowly raised his chin; the appearance of a lonely expert involuntarily appearing on his body, as he naturally flourished his sleeve.

“I am called Bai Xiaochun.”

His profound words fluttered in the wind. The figure of Bai Xiaochun standing on the figure, clasping his hands behind his back, the changpao blown by the wind, his hair swaying and the melancholy on his body, had reached the point of perfection after the hard work of many years, and it was already hard to tell whether it was real or fake.

This appearance on his immediately left an endless imprint on that female disciple’s heart, as she became infatuated...

“Bai Xiaochun? This name sounds familiar…” The male outer sect disciple stared blankly for a moment, before he quickly widened his eyes, showing an expression of disbelief.

“North Bank’s number one enemy!”

The female disciple also went blank for a moment and took a deep breath. She also remembered the name Bai Xiaochun, but she was unable to imagine the rumoured North Bank’s number one enemy as that melancholic figure in front of her.

The three people were at a loss and silently left the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

Inside the forest, Bai Xiaochun was sitting on the pangolin. Only when he sensed that the people behind him weren’t paying attention anymore, did he get rid of the appearance of a lonely expert, and complacently hummed a small tune, throwing a pill when he saw a small beast.

During this half year, the spirit beasts in this area were imcomparably obedient to him. Besides the fact that he was sincere towards these beasts, another reason was the pills that he gave them.

These pills made the potential of the spirit beasts in this area increase, and naturally, the spirit beasts in this area had a good opinion of Bai Xiaochun, and was very close with him.

Obviously, not all of the beasts were like that. There were still some beasts that were vigilant towards him. However, Bai Xiaochun didn’t mind that, and he was extremely happy in the Hundred Beasts Courtyard during this half a year.

Especially because of the Rearing Beast Seed that he planted behind the pavilion, which had already germinated by now, making Bai Xiaochun extremely excited.

And the good things didn’t stop. Under his half a year of studying beasts, Bai Xiaochun realised that his pressure while cultivating the Water Nation technique increased, and although his Spirit of Life hadn’t appeared, it was obvious that it had another strand of fierceness.

Following this, Bai Xiaochun could tell that he would definitely be able to create a Spirit of Life if he continued cultivating this Water Nation technique. He was very curious what his Spirit of Life would be.

He was even more expectant about what fighting strength he would be able to display if he finished cultivating the Water Nation technique, which was ranked as the strongest secret technique along with Gui Ya’s Nightwalker technique.

With his anticipation and cultivation, yet another month passed, and the amount of time that Bai Xiaochun had stayed in the North Bank was already half a year.* Although he had not gone outside, and thought that he was keeping a low profile, in reality, the fact that the spirit beasts in the Hundred Beasts Courtyard were obedient to him was slowly spread out by the disciples that came to obtain a combat beast.

(*ED Note: Bai Xiaochun should have been in the sect for more than half a year, but raws say it’s just half a year.)

Swiftly, many of the sect’s disciples heard about this. Especially Bai Xiaochun’s previous actions, which were the main subject of the conversations of the disciples of the North Bank. The things that he had done during the Heaven’s Chosen War caused countless people clench their teeth. Every time they thought about it, they would also think about Beihan Lie, which made a thorn appear in the hearts of many people. Whenever they looked at their own combat beasts, this thorn would become a shadow that could never be wiped away.

Finally, on this day, Beihan Lie, who had been in seclusion ever since he returned, suddenly opened his eyes in his cave and crushed the jade slip in his hands. Half a year ago, he had received a sound transmission and learned about the arrival of Bai Xiaochun.

“Bai Xiaochun, today, I will thoroughly wipe away the humiliation that you have given me, Beihan Lie. You may be tough, but these few years, I have also improved, and it is even an unprecedented improvement. I have finally cultivated the Setting Sun Technique to the third stage, and am now unparalled under Foundation Establishment!” Beihan Lie stood up, and his cultivation loudly exploded outwards; the aura of the peak level of the ninth layer of Qi Condensation was sent outwards. These few years, after he had been strongly stimulated, made him madly cultivate to the point of hysteria.

“Bai Xiaochun!” Beihan Lie faced the heavens and let out a loud roar; he directly charged out of the sealed cave, with an aura that could frighten the heavens, causing countless people to pay attention to him, especially the Gongsun siblings and Xu Song, who stared at him blankly.

“So strong! He actually cultivated the Setting Sun Technique to the third stage! It has never been done in a thousand years! But he is still growing, and we are also growing, and have become way stronger than last time!

“For anyone who has changed his life so much and have suffered so much pain in his memories everyday, they would also turn mad.”

At this moment when all of the Heaven’s Chosen were astonished, Beihan Lie turned into a rainbow, directly heading towards the middle of the North Bank, towards the famous Testing Stage.

To be accurate, the Testing Stage is actually a sculpture of a spirit beast raising its right claw. This sculpture was over ten zhang tall, and it had a fierce appearance, releasing a strong fighting intent. From afar, its body looked like a standing crocodile, with a body filled with scales and three rows of bone spikes on its back. Its most frightening part was its claw which was holding half a human body.

It’s right claw was already eroding, and its right claw was raised, as if it was going to tear apart the heavens.

And the Testing Stage was in the palm of its right claw!

This sculpture was discovered in the Ancient Beast Abyss four thousand years ago by the Spirit River Sect, which had spent an enormous price to obtain it, in order make it stand here as the Testing Stage of the North Bank.

Currently, Beihan Lie was standing on the testing stage, with a strong fighting intent in his eyes, as he let out a huge roar.

“I’m taking out all of my contribution points, 37000 in total, to challenge Bai Xiaochun! When he spoke, the entire Testing Stage rumbled, and the space twisted, transforming into a paper crane, which rapidly flew out straight towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard!

The reputation of the Testing Stage of the North Bank was so big that even the South Bank had heard of it. The Testing Stage stage had one rule: The challenger had to take out his contribution points, and issue a challenge to anyone within the North Bank. A paper crane would then appear and fly over to the recipient of the challenge.

The time limit of the challenge was half a year, and the recipient would be able to accept this challenge anytime within the half year, and when the challenge was accepted, the battle would immediately, and forcibly occur. If the recipient won, he would get the contribution points of the challenger; If they lost, they would not lose any contribution points.

The recipient could also choose to not accept the challenge, which would cause them to automatically lose after a half year, and all the contribution points would be refunded to the challenger. But, the challenger could not cancel the challenge within this half year.

These rules could be considered as passive towards the challenger, but the more it was like this, the fairer it would be.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important Note: PLEASE DO NOT, AT ALL COSTS, SPOIL THE READERS WITH EVENTS OR HAPPENINGS THAT ARE WAY BEYOND THE CURRENT CHAPTERS IN THE COMMENTS. There are several forums where you guys can do that, and the comment section of the latest chapter is NOT the place for it. Please keep this in mind and don’t ruin the experience for readers who can’t read the raws. THANK YOU.

4th guarunteed chapter from last week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 - Paper Cranes Soaring Across The Sky...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 121 - Paper Cranes Soaring Across The Sky...

Following Beihan Lie’s achievement of issuing a challenge towards Bai Xiaochun on the Testing Stage, the disciples of the North Bank all gathered to observe the grand fight after hearing the news. Gradually, more people came, densely crowding the Testing Stage.

Beihan Lie stood proudly on the Testing Stage, his blood boiling within his body. As of this moment, Beihan Lie wanted revenge; he wanted to wash away his humiliation and he wanted to let the entire North Bank know that he, Beihan Lie, was still a Heaven’s Chosen!

“The place where I fell will be the place where I stand up... Bai Xiaochun! You will be my stepping stone!” Insanity appeared within Beihan Lie’s eyes. He had waited for this day for far too long. At this moment, he believed that his Setting Sun Technique will definitely be able to defeat Bai Xiaochun!

Even if he had heard about Bai Xiaochun’s fight against Gui Ya, he would still have this confidence. This came from his insanity and struggling during these past few years. He wanted to first fight Bai Xiaochun, then afterwards, fight Gui Ya.

“Bai Xiaochun! Show yourself!” Beihan Lie’s heart and blood boiled as he faced the heavens and let out a roar. His aura became even more intense, causing the countless people nearby let out a cry of surprise. His cultivation scattered, forming a whirlpool that spread out in all directions.

“Way to go Senior Brother Beihan! Beat down Bai Xiaochun!”

“Haha! We have also waited for this day for too long!”

While everyone was cheering, Bai Xiaochun was in the forest. He sat on the back of the pangolin as he hummed a little tune, while he strolled around. Suddenly, a long rainbow from the distance whistled over, actually setting off a bit of crimson light. This blood-coloured light had a hint of a baleful aura spread out, as if it could boil the blood and increase anyone’s fighting intent. Bai Xiaochun was startled when the crimson light appeared in front of him and turned into a paper crane.

“Inner sect disciple Bai Xiaochun, Beihan Lie of the North Bank, who is at the ninth layer of Qi Condensation, desires to fight against you. He has used 37000 contribution points to issue a challenge against you. You have a time limit of half a year to accept this challenge. If you win, you will obtain all of the contribution points bet. Even if you lose, according to the rules of the Testing Stage, you will not lose anything,” a voice whih seemingly had no emotions eminated outwards from the paper crane. As it resounded in all directions, the feeling that could excite the body’s blood and impulses increased even more.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened and his heart involuntarily jumped. Under the effects of that sound, it was as if there was a consciousness in his body that was howling.

Fight! Fight! Fight!

“Fight my ass!” Bai Xiaochun patted his chest and dispersed the change in his state of mind which was caused by this sound. He had been researching about the sect rules of the North Bank and was not a stranger towards this Testing Stage and its regulations.

“What identity do I, Bai Xiaochun, have? I am an Honourable Disciple, the Junior Brother of the Sect Head. For these things that involve fighting and killing, I won’t interfere myself in them.” Bai Xiaochun’s gaze swept over the paper crane as he let out a dry cough and flourished his sleeve. A gust of wind stirred up, sweeping that paper crane off into the distance.

He hummed a small tune as if nothing had happened, then sat back down on the back of the pangoin, continuing his stroll.

Time passed, and after half an hour, the people surrounding the Testing Stage were flabbergasted. The cheering sounds had also decreased a lot.

After an hour, many people started talking in a low voice, and the body of Beihan Lie who was on the Testing Stage also trembled.

“That Bai Xiaochun would not have rejected the challenge, right? No way… he is the number one in the Heaven’s Chosen War. He, he… could it be that he doesn’t care one bit about his face?”

“It shouldn’t be... Every single Heaven’s Chosen, after being challenged, would at least speak of the time of the fight, even if they don’t accept the fight at that moment. Why does this Bai Xiaochun not have any reaction at all?”

Two hours later, the sun set on the mountain, and it was now evening. However, Bai Xiaochun, as before, still did not have the slightest bit of a response. One by one, the expressions of the disciples of the North Bank turned blank.

“Damn it! I knew that it would be like this! This Bai Xiaochun had always been shameless, he actually rejected the challenge!”

“This is too excessive! He came here as a representative of the South Bank and now he’s making the South Bank lose face!”

When everyone present was discussing, Beihan Lie rigidly stared in the direction of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. He too did not think that Bai Xiaochun would actually reject the challenge. He wasn’t amused. He felt that if he was the number one of the Heaven’s Chosen War and someone challenged him, there would be no way that he would run from the challenge.

“You will definitely come out and fight with me!” Beihan Lie clenched his teeth as he stood there, his figure showing stubborness, causing the hearts of the disciples of the North Bank tremble after seeing it.

Suddenly, a long rainbow suddenly flew out from the crowd, which turned into a figure that headed straight towards the Testing Stage. When everyone looked at the figure, they instantly recognised that the person who flew out was another Heaven’s Chosen like Beihan Lie, Xu Song of the North Bank!

Xu Song had a dignified expression. When he stood on the Testing Stage, he remembered the scene of Bai Xiaochun and Gui Ya fighting during the Heaven’s Chosen War. At that moment, they all could tell that Gui Ya did not lose to Bai Xiaochun, and instead lost to his body’s inability to support his abilities. Bai Xiaochun was truly strong, this point was acknowledged by Xu Song. However, he was also growing these years, and he was now much stronger than he had originally been during the Heaven’s Chosen War. He relived it many times, and thought that he had the qualifications to have a fight with Bai Xiaochun. And so, he loudly spoke at this moment.

“Today, I, Xu Song, have responded to Beihan Lie’s fighting intent, and I too will challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

“I, Xu Song of the North Bank will take out 20000 contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!” Once he spoke, there was a momentary silence in the crowd. After that, a commotion that could frighten the heavens and move the earth exploded out.

“Senior Brother Xu Song is actually challenging Bai Xiaochun too!”

“Way to go, Senior Brother Xu Song!”

The entire Testing Stage glistened with light, and a second paper crane condensed, flying towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

Beihan Lie felt moved and looked towards Xu Song. The gazes of the two met, and they saw the determination to fight with Bai Xiaochun in their eyes as they laughed together.

At this moment, another figure suddenly flew towards the Testing Stage. It was a female figure... and she was exactly Gongsun Wan’er.

“I, Gongsun Wan’er, would like to use 20000 contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

Before the crowd could react, a fourth figure suddenly approached and also stood on the Testing Stage.

“I, Gongsun Yun, would like to use 20000 contribution points and challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

The Gongsun sibling also wanted to challenge Bai Xiaochun here. During these years, they had also made great improvements.

Following these words, the Testing Stage’s light quickly flashed and formed another two paper cranes, which streaked across the sky, and also flew towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

“How hot-blooded! This is our North Bank’s Heaven’s Chosen!”

“The unparallelled Heaven’s Chosens!”

“Haha, that Bai Xiaochun must be scared silly. All right, count me in! Even if I lose, I would just lose some contribution points, but I still want to challenge him and let him know about the unity of our North Bank!”

When the crowd was excited, the fifth, sixth, and seventh figures came whistling out from all around, charging straight towards the Testing Stage.

“I, Chen Ao, want to share this tribulation with Senior Brother Gongsun, and would like to use 700 contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

“Senior Brother Xu Song has given me kindness. I, Sun Chenglong, would like to accompany him, and use 500 contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

“I, Zhou Fang, would like to use 400 contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

The entire North Bank caused a sensation at this moment. Meanwhile, Bai Xiaochun, who was within the forest of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, stared blankly at the paper cranes that came one after another, directly whistling towards him, which began to speak with an emotionless tone.

“This is too excessive…” Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes. He had already thrown away three paper cranes. But when he looked back at the sky, and saw that there was actually five or six more paper cranes that joined into a string and flew towards him, he immediately sucked in a deep breath.

Every single paper crane carried that fighting intent that could affect one’s state of mind, making one’s heart have a will to fight, and making it hard to calm one’s mind down. Bai Xiaochun quickly fanned out the wings on his back and simply stopped strolling in the forest; he just returned straight to the pavilion.

On the way, he saw more than ten paper cranes charging to his side, letting out that same emotionless sound.

These sounds of challenges irritated Bai Xiaochun’s mind, making him also want to angrily roar out.

“You guys are bullying too much, so many people challenging me, and all of them are above the eighth layer of Qi Condensation. What should I do? No... I have to keep a low profile!” Bai Xiaochun returned inside of the pavilion and directly opened the formation array, isolating all of the paper cranes that were outside. Only then did he proudly sit down in a cross legged position.

“In the North Bank, I must keep a low profile. I absolutely cannot let them have their way, humph.” Bai Xiaochun sighed with sorrow and meditated in a cross legged position, slowly forgetting this matter.

Quickly, one night passed. Under the lead of Beihan Lie and the others, the Testing Stage had continuous challenges, so much that it had caused a storm within the sect. There were people that were here to curry favour with the North Bank’s Heaven’s Chosen, some were Gongsun Wan’er’s admirers, while there were even more people that only took out a few contribution points to join in the passion of the community.

On the morning of the second day, Bai Xiaochun had finished his cultivation and opened his door. In an instant, countless sounds of challenges exploded out with a boom, as if thunder was rolling. The shocked Bai Xiaochun went blank and took a while to surpress the boiling fighting intent in his heart. He opened his eyes widely and stared blankly at the hundreds of paper cranes in front of his door; he took a deep breath.

“This North Bank is too crazy.” Bai Xiaochun felt his head go numb as he quickly closed his door, deciding to no longer go out.

On the morning of the third day, he thought that the people of the North Bank ought to have calmed down already. But this time, he only felt like thunder had struck him as he saw at least 300 paper cranes in front of him, densely packed in front of his pavilion, like a small hill.

Every paper crane represented a challenge...

Bai Xiaochun let out a dry cough and quickly closed the door. He believed that the people in the North Bank were all lunatics.

“Aih, there are times when being outstanding isn’t a good thing. Bai Xiaochun, Bai Xiaochun... your mistake this time was being too excellent.” Bai Xiaochun put on a long face and sat in the pavilion, lost in thought. After a long period of pondering, he decided to might as well cultivate the Water Nation Technique.

Time passed, and during the following seven days, every time Bai Xiaochun opened his door, he would see several hundred paper cranes that dropped down. Slowly, he got used to it, and there were over two thousand paper cranes piled outside the pavilion.

Every time a disciple came to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, the first thing he would see would be that area covered with paper cranes...

During these seven days, the storm created by the numerous Heaven’s Chosen within the entire North Bank responding to Beihan Lie’s challenge had escalated. In the end, almost 40% of the inner sect disciples had challenged Bai Xiaochun. Although they had to take out contribution points, they only took out a small portion of the points they had; they would not be as crazy as Beihan Lie. Nonetheless, the total number of people alone was frightening, and this matter had caused too great of a sensation. It even alerted the Elders and Ancestors of the various mountains, who were also shocked by this scene.

From the time that the Testing Stage had been created in the North Bank until now, it has been already over 4000 years. However, there had never been a time… where it had been used for something with this kind of scale and sensation.

That was, around two thousand inner sect disciples making a challenge, and all of the challenges were to one person...

This situation was simply uncontrollable, as if it had turned into a surging tide that lead the North Bank to this crazy situation.

“Breaking news, there were another three hundred inner sect disciples that challenged Bai Xiaochun on the Testing Stage today!”

“Haha! Bai Xiaochun must be scared to death! This time he will come to know about the power and unity of our North Bank!”

“Wait! I’m also going over there to challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Last guaranteed chapter from last week! One more later on!

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, Cannibaloid, Jin

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 - This Challenge... I Accept!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 122 - This Challenge... I Accept!

In the North Bank, challenging Bai Xiaochun was now a magnificent feat, and because of the excessive commotion, the South Bank had also heard of it. The disciples of the South Bank looked at each other with sympathy as they gazed towards the distant North Bank. These disciple weren’t pitying Bai Xiaochun, but were instead, pitying the disciples of the North Bank.

“You guys don’t understand him…”

“Just wait... it won’t be much longer until you guys realise how terrifying Bai Xiaochun is.”

Time passed, and on the tenth day, the total number of inner sect disciples challenging Bai Xiaochun exceeded 2000; it had reached 2300! Furthermore, the number was still increasing by the day!

It was suggested that, if you were an inner sect disciple of the North Bank and had not gone to the Testing Stage to release a paper crane in order to challenge Bai Xiaochun, you would lose face and others would look down on you with disdain in their eyes.

After the appearance of this atmosphere, the number of people challenging Bai Xiaochun… increased even more!

“Haha! Today, I, Xu Dabao, have used ten contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!”

“Humph! I, Zhou Yuncong, have already challenged that number one enemy of the North Bank three days ago! What a pity... That fragile chicken doesn’t dare come to fight!”

During the thirteenth day, the number of inner sect disciples who had challenged Bai Xiaochun had already broken through 3000! The entire North Bank caused a sensation and everyone began discussing about the issue of challenging Bai Xiaochun; it didn’t matter where they were in the North Bank.

This sort of domino effect which was caused by a single person was unprecedented! Every day, the Testing Stage would be filled with several tens of thousands of people. Most of these people were outer sect disciples, they were watching the inner sect disciples proudly step onto the Testing Stage and issue challenges. After it formed into a paper crane, they would all start cheering; even the number of contribution points wasted was already ignored by everyone!

The person who first issued a challenge, Beihan Lie, had never imagined that the matter would have developed into this. His current reputation had already exceeded his former reputation. Even his identity as a victim from the Heaven’s Chosen War caused him to bask in the limelight!

On the seventeenth day, the number of inner sect disciples who had challenged Bai Xiaochun had already exceeded 4000! The storm of events which had been caused by the North Bank swept across the entire Spirit Creek Sect.

It was as if this wasn’t a challenge anymore, and instead, became a symbol. The number of contribution points that was taken out didn’t even matter… although many only took out a small amount of contribution points which were in the single digits. However, in this sort of lively event, it was a must to participate in.

“Bai Xiaochun is too scared, he doesn’t dare to fight against our North Bank!”

“Haha! Even if he has grown stronger, he will still kneel under the unity of our North Bank!”

“The willpower of our North Bank is supreme!”

Not only were the Ancestors of the four mountains speechless, even Zheng Yuandong was also dumbstruck. This situation even made the Grand Elder pay attention to it, because, after all, this type of incident had never occured before.

As the excitement of the North Bank had reached the pinnacle, almost all of the inner sect disciples had issued a challenge. There were even many people that went to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard every single day, watching the paper cranes that were unceasingly flying as they let out several cheers.

On the twentieth day, basically all of the inner sect disciples had issued a challenge and the matter had finally died down a little. However, early in morning, a large man from the outer sect inside the crowd near the Testing Stage was palpitating with excitement. He noticed that there were so many inner sect disciples that were being cheered on because they had challenged Bai Xiaochun; this caused excitement to bloom within his heart. There were already four thousand people who had challenged him, and even if Bai Xiaochun wanted to choose someone to fight, he would not lower himself to take a low amount contribution points. After all, he was the number one in the Heaven’s Chosen War.

Being able to challenge the number one... and the other party would even escape from the fight! As the large man thought of this, he felt extremely excited. In the future, he would have the qualifications to boast about challenging Bai Xiaochun who didn’t fight and cowardly ran away.

Thinking about this, that large man from the outer sect became elated. With his cultivation at the fourth stage of Qi Condensation, and thinking about his identity as the first outer sect disciple to challenge Bai Xiaochun, he proudly rushed out from the crowd, being the first person to climb onto the Testing Stage on this day. He then faced the sky and began to laugh.

“I, Liu Dabiao, would like to use a hundred contribution points to challenge Bai Xiaochun!” The sound of Liu Dabiao’s laugh echoed throughout the stage as he clasped his hands behind his back and proudly looked towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

“Bai Xiaochun, receive this grandfather’s challenge! You are an inner sect disciple, do you dare to have a fight with this Liu Dabiao?!”

Following the appearance of this person, everyone in the surrounding became silent. Everyone’s first reaction was that Liu Dabiao was crazy. No matter how evil Bai Xiaochun was, he was also the victor of the Heaven’s Chosen War and wasn’t someone an outer sect disciple could challenge. However, they immediately realised that this was obviously Liu Dabiao creating an opportunity to make himself famous; all the disciple’s eyes began to glisten.

At this moment, they realized that an outer sect disciple could challenge an inner sect disciple, and the other party would even escape from the challenge. This was a something that could make them famous. The Outer Disciples became fired up.

They all proudly issued challenges, thinking of participating in this grand occasion, the campaign against the North Bank’s number one public enemy.

While Liu Dabiao was feeling proud of himself, Bai Xiaochun, who was sitting in a cross-legged position within the Hundred Beasts Pavilion, suddenly sat up and took a deep breath as he opened the door.

During these twenty days, his biggest headache was opening the door. He had to open the door everyday. If the accumulated pile of paper cranes got too big, the fighting intent would become too strong and Bai XIaochun would not be able to handle it. Therefore, he could only open the door first thing in the morning.

Every time he walked out, he would see the several hundred paper cranes letting out the countless emotionless voices. Yesterday, he had even counted the number of paper cranes and realized that it had surpassed four thousand! It had even densely covered the floor.

When Bai Xiaochun opened the door and found that there were only tens of paper cranes, he was surprised. But suddenly, over a thousand paper cranes appeared in the sky, which had formed a fighting intent that could topple mountains and seas, that whistled to him. When he was shocked, these paper cranes all fell, surging and exploding right in front of him, directly burying him underneath.

When the paper cranes that numbered over a thousand landed on Bai Xiaochun at the same time, he was trapped by that strong fighting intent, and the paper cranes directly buried his skinny body underneath them.

After a short while, when Bai Xiaochun had climbed up with a struggle, his entire body turned foolish. Looking at the countless paper cranes surrounding him. He was struck stupid for a long time, as if he couldn’t use his brain, and was unable to move a single step.

And in his hands, he was now holding the first paper crane that arrived as the emotionless sound continued echoing in his ear.

“Inner sect disciple Bai Xiaochun, Liu Dabiao of the outer sect of the North Bank, fourth layer of Qi Condensation, is using one hundred contributions to challenge you.

Bai Xiaochun stared at that paper crane. A light appeared in his eyes, and he was currently angry, especially after hearing the five words, “Fourth Layer of Qi Condensation.”

“The North Bank is bullying people too much! I, Bai Xiaochun, want to keep a low profile, but since I can’t keep a low profile, that’s fine! If Beihan Lie wants to be shameless and came out early after he said he would be in seclusion for ten years, that’s fine too! If inner sect disciples want to challenge me, I can endure that. But if outer sect disciples also want to challenge me, I cannot endure that, I’ll just accept his challenge! Liu Dabiao? Fourth layer of Qi Condensation, screw him!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath as he felt sorrow from the bottom of his heart. If it were not for him not being able to take out the beasts of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard without a brand, and the fact that he didn’t know the Tongtian Beast Controlling Art, he would have really brought out all of the near-thousand spirit beasts outside, and sweep away the battlefield!

At this moment, there was an expression of pity as he lifted his chin, speaking towards the paper crane.

“This challenge, I accept! Immediately start the battle!”

At the same time, Liu Dabiao was clasping his hands behind his back as he enjoyed the feeling of being the focus of attention by the audience, and he was overwhelmed by the surge of emotions.

“Bai Xiaochun, your grandfather is waiting for you for ten more breaths! You rookie, you cowardly chicken, in the end, do you dare to accept this grandfather’s challenge!

“Bai Xiaochun, come out for me right now!” Liu Dabiao became very excited as he kept roaring loudly. The more he was like this, the more the people around him would cheer.

And when Liu Dabiao was even more excited, he had never predicted that Bai Xiaochun would accept his challenge. From his point of view, Bai Xiaochun had been escaping from every challenge for twenty days. Even if he were to accept challenges, he would accept the challenges of those inner sect disciples, and would never lower himself to accept his challenge. After all… that was the number one of the Heaven’s Chosen War

Thinking about this, Liu Dabiao was even more pleased with himself and felt that this was a good opportunity of getting himself famous. He even imagined that he would definitely be known by everyone in the outer sect after today, and some Junior Sisters that he like might start to admire him bceause of this heroic scene.

“Bai Xiaochun, there are still three more breaths, do you dare to fight with your grandfather!” Liu Dabiao let out a loud roar again as his laugh echoed outwards. He felt extremely pleased with himself; he was about to fall off the stage.

But at this moment…

Suddenly, a light screen instantly appeared, directly blocking Liu Dabiao, causing him to be unable to leave. Following the appearance of the light screen, everyone in that area felt shocked.

Immediately, an emotionless voice echoed out on the Testing Stage.

“The challenged inner sect disciple Bai Xiaochun accepts the challenge of the challenger Liu Dabiao, and the fight shall instantly start!”

In an instant, a conveying light floated into the stage. Bai Xiaochun’s figure, borrowing the help of the paper cranes, directly appeared on the Testing Stage. Once he arrived, he immediately saw the several tens of thousand of North Bank disciples all around him, and also saw the big man Liu Dabiao who was standing on the same stage as him, who was currently so blank that he looked like an idiot.

In a split second, everything all around him turned into deathly silence. Within the crowd, there were outer sect disciples, as well as inner sect disciples. But regardless of who it was, everyone turned stupid in this moment, as if they were wooden chickens that were looking at Bai Xiaochun who was on the Testing Stage.

No matter who it was, they never thought that Bai Xiaochun would… actually accept the challenge. Accepting the challenge would be fine, but the challenge that he accepted was actually... the challenge of an outer sect disciple that was at the fourth layer of Qi Condensation...

This level of shamelessness had already exceeded the imagination of everyone, causing them to be stupid, leaving a blank space in their mind.

“You are Liu Dabiao?” Bai Xiaochun clasped his hands behind his back as he imposingly spoke.

Liu Dabiao’s legs went soft and tears were already flowing out of his eyes. His entire body was thoroughly dizzy, a blank look appearing in his eyes. He felt like this was like a dream. He only wanted to take advantage of this opportunity and show off, to bring himself in the limelight. No matter what, he had never thought that Bai Xiaochun would actually accept his challenge!

He didn’t accept the challenges of the inner sect disciples, as well as the the challenges of the strong outer sect disciples, but instead accepted his challenge...

“I… I…” Liu Dabiao’s whole body was uncontrollably shaking as he stuttered. Before he could finish speaking, Bai Xiaochun lightly sighed and indifferently spoke.

“You should surrender. Once I make a move, even I am scared.”

When these words entered Liu Dabiao’s ears, it immediately turned into the sound of thunder, causing the scenes of what he heard about Bai Xiaochun to instantly appear in his mind; especially the scene about Beihan Lie’s plight, which made him unconsciously lock his legs and scared him to the point of his soul flying out. He was about to cry as he screeched out.

“I admit defeat!”

With a bang following Liu Dabiao’s surrender, the light screen disappeared. Bai Xiaochun proudly stood on the Testing Stage, and the amount of contribution points in his identity jade slip automatically increased by one hundred.

“Life is solitary…” Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeve and was about to lightly sigh. But at this moment, every person in the crowd let out an angry roar that had reached the pinnacle of madness. This roar was so strong, that at this moment, it had actually spreaded across the entire North Bank, and even the South Bank could faintly hear it.

...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week and last chapter for today! We’re finally back on schedule!

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 - Fight!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 123 - Fight!

“Shameless! To think this world actually has such a shameless person!!”

“Heavens! I’m so old, but I have never seen such a shameless fellow in my life! I’m going to die! I want to go strangle him!”

“Don’t stop me, this Bai Xiaochun is so hateful! He’s actually shameless to this extent!”

The surrounding crowd were driven mad. Each and every single person in the area let out angry roars that could shake the heavens and the eyes of many disciples had even turned red, especially the scene of Liu Dabiao that had returned after running away. His legs trembling as tears flew from the corner of his eyes, causing people sympathise with his heartache even more.

“This is too excessive! If you don’t accept the challenges of inner sect disciples, and accept only the challenges of outer sect disciples, that’s also fine. But Bai Xiaochun you actually chose to accept the challenges of some pushovers!”

“Come fight me! I, Chen Ao, have challenged you since the very first day. Come!” Those inner sect disciples were also driven mad; they glowered at Bai Xiaochun and roared at him with a roar that could shake the heavens and earth.

In the distance, the Gongsun siblings and Xu Song quickly rushed over. After they found out the reason for what was happening, they took a deep breath and appeared shocked. Quickly, they were indignantly denouncing Bai Xiaochun.

Especially Beihan Lie who was approaching at high speed, who even faced the sky and howled.

“Bai Xiaochun, I am challenging you!”

These countless roars unified, exceeding the sound of thunder, directly spreading throughout the four mountains of the North Bank. This caused of countless outer sect disciples to be fearful, pushing them to see what was happening, while inner sect disciples widely opened their eyes and approached at high speed.

Following this, sounds of challenges were repeatedly sent out as several hundreds of paper cranes condensed on the Testing Stage and went straight to Bai Xiaochun with a ‘Shua’ sound. Within a blink of an eye, they all fell to the ground, almost drowning him.

This scene had never occured before in the North Bank. This was practically the hate of all of the disciples, which caused even the four Ancestors of the North Bank to take a deep breath. The four Ancestors, along with the large number of Elders that instantly approached and appeared in midair, stared at this while dumbstruck.

But even after they thought for a long time, they still couldn’t think of what sect rule Bai Xiaochun had broken, especially that old woman, who widely opened her eyes, blankly staring at Bai Xiaochun who was standing on the Testing Stage. He really did not break any sect rules. Everything that he had done was all following the rules...

Seeing the amount of paper cranes in the surroundings get more and more, and the crowd’s anger being enough to burn the heavens, Bai Xiaochun also got angry. He was very innocent; he firmly believed that he had done nothing wrong. He had not broken any sect rules, and he had not challenged anyone; it was all other people that had challenged him.

He was merely accepting a challenge...

As he heard the crowd shouting in order challenge him, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes widened and he let out a huge roar.

“You guys are bullying people too much! Fine, you guys have forced me!” Bai Xiaochun glowered at the crowd as he waved his right hand. With a crashing sound, he impressively took out over five thousand paper cranes from his storage pouch. These were all the challenges that he had obtained during these days, and there were over one thousand of them that he just recently obtained from earlier...

Everyone also quietened down, and one by one, they stared at Bai Xiaochun. The inner sect disciples there were all clenching their first, prepared to fight at any time. As for the outer sect disciples, they were also burning with anger, especially those thousand disciples that followed Liu Dabiao to issue challenges. They were indignant and nervous.

At this moment when the audience was glowering at him, Bai Xiaochun felt extremely angry from the bottom of his heart. He swept his eyes across that pile of paper cranes and chose one that belonged to an outer sect disciple at the fifth layer of Qi Condensation. He directly grabbed it and proudly spoke.

“You! I accept your challenge!”

Following Bai Xiaochun’s words, a figure that belonged to an outer sect disciple instantly disappeared from the crowd, and he was automatically teleported to the Testing Stage. This outer sect disciple was a youth who was currently trembling, scared to the point where tears were almost falling from his eyes as he repeatedly retreated.

“I...I surrender!!”

Everyone present went blank again, and countless people felt their eyes going black. They discovered that they would never determinine the bottom line of Bai Xiaochun’s shamelessness...

“AHHHH, I want to kill him! Bai Xiaochun, this time, you can’t leave unless you fight everyone here! Otherwise, this is not over!”

“This sort of shamelessness...I...I don’t even know what to say!”

“Heavens! Please send down a bolt of immortal lightning and strike him to death!”

Bai Xiaochun became even more angrier, he was annoyed to the bottom of his heart. The more he stared at the crowd, the angrier he became.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, have come from the South Bank to the North Bank without any friends, and have always been maintaining a low profile. I didn’t dare to offend anyone, but you guys have kept forcing me, fine, I’ll fight it out with you!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were already red. He clenched his teeth and took out another paper crane that belonged to a disciple at the fifth layer of Qi Condensation.

With a whipping sound, an outer sect disciple appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun. He was about to collapse and quickly shouted loudly to surrender. Bai Xiaochun let out a cold snort and took out another paper crane.

Quickly, under the increasingly indignant yells of the crowd, Bai Xiaochun accepted the challenges of the outer sect disciples, one by one. The bodies of those outer sect disciples were all trembling, and their legs went soft. But because the challenger could not cancel a challenge, they could only quickly surrender with tears in their eyes, as they could only helplessly see their contribution points be transferred to Bai Xiaochun.

After surrendering, they went back to the crowd. The angry roars of these people were much stronger than the others. On one side, they were extremely indignant towards Bai Xiaochun. On the other, they were feeling heartache from the loss of their contribution points.

On the other hand, Bai Xiaochun’s contribution points were madly increasing with a frightening speed. Finally, he was even extremely shocked by the amount of contribution points that he had. This one day for the thousand outer sect disciples that had previously challenged him... was a calamity...

Within this calamity, Bai Xiaochun seemed to have transformed into a devil that was harvesting contribution points. Bai Xiaochun was also ruthless and used three days worth of time to finish fighting with all of the outer sect disciples.

Despite not even fighting one time, this continuous action of taking out paper cranes also made Bai Xiaochun’s arm ache.

And the disciples of the North Bank that were all around, their madness, even if their throats were hoarse, still stayed as strong as before, and was even getting more and more intense, to the point where the Law Enforcement Agency had no choice but to surround them. When they were helplessly looking at Bai Xiaochun, they were also vigilant, worried that this unprecedented incident may cause the disciples of the North Bank to riot.

The Ancestors of the four mountains were already shocked long ago, and did not dare to leave; they acted as a deterrence. When their gazes met, they could see the helplessness and shock in their respective eyes.

“This Bai Xiaochun, no wonder the South Bank sent him here!”

“Even if he’s alone, he can destroy a sect!!”

“Unfortunately, he hasn’t broken any sect rules…”

Three days later, Bai Xiaochun shook his arm and let out a cold snort while standing on the Testing Stage. He had already finished accepting the challenges of all the outer sect disciples. He also saw that the several tens of thousands of disciples would not let him go like this.

“Since this is the case, don’t blame me.” Bai Xiaochun became silent for a moment and suddenly laughed. At this moment, his body didn’t have the caution that it previously had, and instead, the bloodthirstiness that had appeared during the fight against the Fallen Chen Clan once again appeaered!

Under the bloodshot eyes of the crowd, he chose an inner sect disciple and started to accept challenges.

At this moment, everyone was looking at the Testing Stage with full concentration. Quickly, a figure appeared, and that figure was that of a skinny and tall youth. The moment he appeared, he faced the sky and laughed loudly.

“Bai Xiaochun, today I…”

Boom!

Before this tall and skinny youth could finish speaking, Bai Xiaochun had already appeared in front of him and let out a punch. The youth’s eyes widened and was instantly sent flying; he hit the protective light screen of the Testing Stage... and instantaneously fainted.

The crowd’s eyes widened as they took a deep breath. Bai Xiaochun had a calm expression as he took out the second paper crane which belonged to another inner sect disciple. Quickly, the second inner sect disciple also fainted within the blink of an eye after only being punched once. After this, Bai Xiaochun took out a third one...

Within a day, he had accepted the challenges of a hundred inner sect disciples. These hundred people all had the cultivation of the eighth layer of Qi Condensation, but no matter which one it was, in front of Bai Xiaochun, they could only take one punch.

During the evening, Bai Xiaochun ended his selection of paper cranes and sat down in a cross-legged position, meditating on the Testing Stage. The crowd surrounded him with a gaze that carried anger, as if to say that if Bai Xiaochun dared to leave, they would use all their strength to block him.

On the morning of the second day, Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes, his expression as normal as ever. He took out paper cranes and continued accepting challenges. The next hundred inner sect disciples he fought were like every person the past day, defeating them only took a single punch!

The third day, the fourth day, and the fifth day passed...

All the way until twenty days. It took a full twenty days worth of time, but Bai Xiaochun had accepted the challenges of two thousand inner sect disciples. All of them were at the eighth layer of Qi Condensation, and all of them took only one punch to deal with.

None of them had the qualifications to make him use a second punch.

Although this scene had a certain deterrence, it made none of the disciples of the North Bank silent. When they looked at Bai Xiaochun, they were still glowering at him. But following that, another twenty days passed while Bai Xiaochun calmly continued accepting challenges.

During these twenty days, the ones that he was fighting were no longer all at the eighth level of Qi Condensation, but instead, there were many at the ninth level of Qi Condensation. Quickly, everyone there was overwhelmed with shock upon finding out that Bai Xiaochun was so valiant that....even if he was fighting a disciple who was at the ninth layer of Qi Condensation, he would make them faint within two punches.

And he even made them spit out fresh blood!

This scene immediately shook the disciples of the North Bank, causing them to gradually turn silent. Above all, after the appearance of the Gongsun siblings and Xu Song, and when Beihan Lie made a move, these four great Heaven’s Chosen unexpectedly could only last ten punches in front of Bai Xiaochun.

Beihan Lie was unable to believe that his Setting Sun Technique, unexpectedly, could not withstand a single blow from Bai Xiaochun!

The Gongsun siblings were thoroughly afraid. They had thought that their speed of growth after the Heaven’s Chosen War had already been very fast, but at this moment, they found out that Bai Xiaochun’s growth was faster than theirs, and was much, much faster!

Xu Song felt bitter. Looking at Bai Xiaochun, he felt as if he was looking at a second Gui Ya. That frightening valiance was enough to make all of his peers despair.

Within ten punches, he had completely destroyed every challenger. After all, Bai Xiaochun’s fleshy body had already touched the first layer of the shackles. For other people, great success in the Impenetrable Golden Skin and the peak of the Dragon-Elephant’s Ocean Forming Scripture was needed to reach the first shackle. However, Bai Xiaochun was only at the Impenetrable Silver Skin, and he hasn’t even reached the peak of the Dragon-Elephant’s Ocean Forming Scripture, yet he had actually reached the first shackle!

(ED Note: The chapter which was entitled ‘Touching One’s Limit’ should be Touching The First Shackle. It was a miscommunication in our part, and we will update it soon. Sorry!)

This valiance was genuinely unparalleled under Foundation Establishment.

During this moment when the four great Heaven’s Chosen were defeated, all of the disciples of the North Bank were silent. When they looked at Bai Xiaochun, they had an unprecedented complicated look. Gradually, despite the fact that they were still angry, they were… sincerely convinced!

In the cultivation world, the strong were respected. Using this terrifying strength that could make people despair, Bai Xiaochun, at this moment, conquered all of the disciples of the North Bank.

Although he was still their number one enemy, he was now an enemy that they wished to compete and surpass!

It was unknown who moved first, but quickly, a path that led to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard was made by the people outside the Testing Stage.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 - Great Technique Of Controlling Man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 124 - Great Technique Of Controlling Man

Purple Qi Melting Cauldron Technique->Purple Qi Cauldron Forming Technique

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bai Xiaochun didn’t continue to accept challenges anymore; he just followed the road that the disciples of the North Bank had opened for him. His expression had a hint of melancholy and helplessness as he lightly shook his head and slowly walked away.

Under the complicated looks of the countless disciples of the North Bank, Bai Xiaochun gradually walked further away. When he was far enough, he let out a sigh of regret. Bai Xiaochun flourished his sleeve and muttered to himself

“Ai. It’s was my mistake... I should keep a low profile.” Although the look on his face appeared to be sad, his heart was actually brimming with pride and excitement. However, his outer apperance kept that melancholic and lonely look, causing his back figure to become desolate…

Looking at Bai Xiaochun’s back figure, the disciples of the North Bank had complicated emotions, they were unable to tell what they were feeling. The Gongsun siblings, Xu Song, and Beihan Lie felt unwillingness in their hearts, but a feeling of powerlessness also rose within their hearts.

They had already tried their best to catch up and had already thought that they had overtook him. However, they realised that there was an even further distance between them. This sort of feeling made them turn silent.

“Perhaps between him and Gui Ya there will be a… Legacy Order after many years!” Xu Song let out a light sigh from the bottom of his heart, the Gongsun siblings already had a similar thought that appeared in their hearts.

Beihan Lie’s body trembled as he clenched his fist. He did not give up because he knew that he couldn’t give up. Everytime he recalled the misery which occured to him during the Heaven’s Chosen War, he felt as if there was an invisible whip that was whipping him.

The moment Beihan Lie clenched his teeth, an arm was placed on his shoulder. It was his elder brother, the Number One Heaven’s Chosen of the Setting Sun Peak, Beihan Feng. He had been waiting here for a long time. One of the challenges that Bai Xiaochun did not continue accepting had also belonged to him.

After seeing Bai Xiaochun’s strength after this one month with his own eyes, Beihan Feng knew that, he… was absolutely not a match for Bai Xiaochun even if he was currently at the tenth layer of Qi Condensation.

In front of the frightening strength of Bai Xiaochun’s fleshy body and his unimaginable speed, it would be as easy as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood.

“Bro…” Beihan Lie looked towards his elder brother.

“Your aptitude is better than mine so diligently cultivate. A temporary defeat doesn’t matter. Within the older generations of the Legacy Order, there were some seniors who were unremarkable during Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment. However, after they accumulated their knowledge and slowly unleashed it, they managed to surpass the Heaven’s Chosen of their generation.

Beihan Lie went silent. After a long time, he forcefully nodded his head.

“In the future, do not provoke Bai Xiaochun. No matter how evil he previously was, at this moment, he has obtained respect. At the same time, his way of handling things is worthy for you to learn. Understand proper behaviour, and when to advance and retreat. Don’t be confused by illusions or be tempted by wealth. With only an eternal perseverance, this man… is very scary.” Beihan Feng muttered in a low voice.

It was not only Beihan Feng who was like this. Almost every single one of the more than the two thousand inner sect disciples that had not fought with Bai Xiaochun had this this sort of lament at this moment.

Bai Xiaochun was a verysly person. He did not forcibly continue the challenges that the North Bank had taken the initiative to issue. This was to maintain the face of the two thousand people and the North Bank.

After all, there was already no meaning in accepting more challenges. The amount of contribution points that he acccumulated had already reached an extremely terrifying level. The best method of solving this problem was to refrain from bringing it up and letting the challenges become invalid after half a year.

This method not only allowed to North Bank to save face, but also reduced the number of unnecessary foes.

Nobody spoke. All of the disciples of the North Bank that were here turned silent. Many of the people began to acknowledge Bai Xiaochun's intentions, and the more they understood this, the more they respected Bai Xiaochun.

The four Ancestors of the North Bank were hovering in midair, and their gazes were solemn.

“This Bai Xiaochun is even stronger than he was during the Heaven’s Chosen War…”

“That child Gui Ya has always been in seclusion, preparing to enter Foundation Establishment. Out of these two, who will be the strongest disciple in this generation... and after a few years, who will enter the Legacy Order and become one of the Ancestors of my Spirit Creek Sect?”

“Entering the Legacy Order is truly too hard. If you cannot enter the Golden Core stage within two sixty year cycles, you can’t be a part of the Legacy Order. After two sixty year cycles, even if you enter the Golden Core stage, you will only be a Grand Elder. Gui Ya would be good, Bai Xiaochun would be fine, but they still have a long way to go… However, if they really can become a part of the Legacy Order that can surpass me and the other Ancestors, then they would be permitted to enter the deepest heritage of my Spirit Creek Sect, the Spirit Creek Mystic Realm. Not only does that area have the inheritances of the Grand Elder, if they are lucky, they can even meet… the Spirit Creek Patriarch!”

“Until today, there are not even twenty people that have entered the Legacy Order in the Spirit Creek Mystic Realm… Only they are the immortal legacies of my Spirit Creek Sect. Every single one of them are the pillars of my Spirit Creek Sect… We already have no hope, and can only be the Ancestors that guard the mountain. On the other hand, Li Qinghou… his hope is the greatest!”

The four Ancestors of the North Bank looked at each other and were deeply moved. When they talked about Bai Xiaochun, they also thought about Li Qinghou.

After a long time, the crowd near the Testing Stage slowly dispersed. The entire North Bank was also quiet during the following period of days. Regardless of whether it was the inner or outer sect disciples, all them were scared; their fear was also reflected during this period of time, and almost all of the disciples in the North Bank had began cultivating in madness.

Perhaps they did not see Bai Xiaochun as an enemy anymore, but saw him as a target to surpass. This explosive power made the four Ancestors of the North Bank very happy.

Time passed, and within the blink of an eye, half a year passed.

Bai Xiaochun was still in the Hundred Beasts Courtyard and had not left it. He spent the whole day cultivating either the Dragon-Elephant’s Ocean Forming Scripture or the Water Nation Technique. Even more of his time was spent on observing all of the spirit beasts in this area.

No matter whether it was the docile or violent natured beasts, they slowly became close with him under his untiring hard work. Also, Bai Xiaochun was already very familiar with every place in this forest due to his many strolls.

Above all, there was a mountain stream in the depts of the forest. It was incomparably pitch-black, and from afar, anyone could see countless Black Qi coming out from it. This was the famous Ancient Beast Abyss of the North Bank.

According to the rumours, this place lead to a secret realm after passing through the 9th level of Hell. There were countles spirit beasts there, and it was temporarily sealed by the Spirit Creek Patriarch after spending an enormous price, thus turning it into one of the heritages of the sect. It was the main source of the spirit beasts necessary for the cultivation of the disciples of the North Bank.

This secret realm’s origin was unfathomable. After the Spirit Creek Sect explored it for ten thousand years, they had only explored a small area of it. However, they had to reseal it every few hundred years, and every time that they opened it, the price they paid was not small. Although the secret realm needed such enormous expenses, its countless resources had also become one of the reasons of the North Bank’s gradual rise.

At the same time, this Ancient Beast Abyss was also the resting place of the Spirit Creek Sect’s guardian beast, the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon. Its presence in itself was a part of the seal.

The sect’s guardian treasure, the supreme Heaven’s Edge Sword that had been spirit refined nine times, was refined from a horn that the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon had cast off during that year.

Its cultivation was terrifying, and even Zheng Yuandong had to address this Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon as his senior. During that year when the Spirit Creek Sect had slaughtered its way from the endstream of the Tongtian River to the midstream and obtained the qualifications to set up the sect here, the acheivements of this Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon that followed the Spirit Creek Patriarch could not go unnoticed.

Bai Xiaochun stood outside the mountain stream of the Ancient Beast Abyss and extended his head out to take a few looks. He had already come here many times, and he had learned the history of this place, as well as the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon from the North Bank’s sect rules jade slip.

After he habitually threw a great amount of pills that were specially refined for spirit beasts inside of the mountain stream, Bai Xiaochun coughed and shouted.

“Senior Heaven’s Edge, this junior Bai Xiaochun has come again and would like to use the Earth Fire Vein here for a while. As for the old rules about the fee... I’ll just use pills as a replacement.” After Bai Xiaochun finished throwing his pills, he didn’t care whether there was a reply or not and ran to the cave that he opened up near the mountain stream.

After he arrived at the forest in the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, he had quickly discovered there were marks of an Earth Fire Vein. Therefore, he dug out this stone cave, and sure enough, he found an Earth Fire Vein. This had become his pill refining room in the North Bank, and the pills that he had given the spirit beasts to eat were all refined in this place.

Only, after he thought about what he had read in the sect rules jade slip, which had an introduction for the history of this place, he felt that he should guard against the unexpected. Therefore, every time he came here, he would throw a great amount of pills towards the mountain stream as a fee.

Even though there was no sound or change that had occured after he had thrown the pills into the mountain stream, Bai Xiaochun still retained this habit, even if he gradually didn’t pay attention to it.

Yet another month passed. When Bai Xiaochun walked out from the stone cave, his eyes shone brightly, and he had a prideful look on his face as excitement appeared in his eyes.

His medicine refinement went very smoothly this time. He had a Grade 2 spirit medicine in his hand, which had already reached perfection. At this moment, his cultivation finally stopped slowly increasing, and instead, he rose directly to the peak level of the ninth layer of Qi Condensation.

“Haha, I won’t need much time to step into the tenth layer of Qi Condensation! Then I can start preparing for Foundation Establishment!” Bai Xiaochun was excited. During this half year, his Impenetrable Silver Skin also had slight improvements.

At this moment, he felt that his cultivation had finally found a correct path. Bai Xiaochun started to attempt the Purple Qi Cauldron Forming Technique. Following the appearances of cauldrons, Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised to find that he had already thoroughly mastered this magical technique to the heart.

Within his happiness, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone brightly. He thought about the times when he constantly pondered about creating a new technique.

Great Technique of Controlling Man! Perhaps it was due to the fight with the Fallen Chen Clan during that year, recalling that scene of him controlling Chen Heng during that moment of crisis made a very deep impression in Bai Xiaochun’s mind. At this moment, he was eager to give it a try.

Although there were no cultivators that were nearby for him to try out the technique, this place was still the Hundred Beasts Courtyard which had a large amount of spirit beasts. After Bai Xiaochun thought of this, he was immediately excited as he ran out, looking for spirit beasts in the forest. After he found a spirit beast, he immediately used them to practice his Great Technique of Controlling Man.

After many days, the entire forest was messed up. Bai Xiaochun helplessly found out that his Great Technique of Controlling Man was unable to completely control the spirit beasts that had an enormous body or a profound cultivation. Only a petite spirit beast or one that was at the fifth layer of Qi Condensation or below could be barely controlled.

Depressed, Bai Xiaochun refused to believe that he could not do it. He summarised his methods and continued to ponder about this Great Technique of Controlling Man. He faintly felt that this sort of technique which relied on his own spirit force to control the body of an opponent by overpowering the willpower of an opponent, was missing a key ingredient.

If he could find that missing part, perhaps… he could succeed!

As Bai Xiaochun was practicing this Great Technique of Controlling Man, a pair of deep blue eyes became visible within the Ancient Beast Abyss; it had been opened at some unknown time. They followed Bai Xiaochun who was in the forest and then gazed at his Great Technique of Controlling Man. It's eyes showed a hint of amazement.

“Controlling Man… the old monster of the Han Sect from that year also had this thought.” Within the Ancient Beast Abyss, a muttering that contained the vicissitudes of life within it was sent out.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week. Someone asked us about the sponsored, the donation bar hasn’t been cleared, and the 2 sponsored chapters in queue was the two chapters posted last week. Mods are… quite busy??? I don’t know, but it should be fixed soon.

Translated by: Sean

TLCed by: Ash

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv, Jin

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 - The Nocturnal Beast From That Day
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 125 - The Nocturnal Beast From That Day

In the following days, this magical technique known as the Great Technique of Controlling Man had become a game of sorts for the spirit beasts in this area. They would often find themselves mysteriously flying up and dropping back down.

Occasionally, they would abruptly stand up with both feet. Not only did these spirit beasts not feel any fear, they actually felt excitement. In the end, when those petite beasts saw Bai Xiaochun, they would immediately run over to him, yearning for Bai Xiaochun to play with them.

On the other hand, the spirit beasts which had enormous bodies, such as the Scarlet Flying Tiger, often noticed Bai Xiaochun standing beside it, constantly extending his finger out while muttering some chants. And often, Bai Xiaochun would start to sigh and silently walk away with a depressed expression. After seeing Bai Xiaochun had already walked away, those spirit beasts that had enormous bodies were flabbergasted, wondering what Bai Xiaochun was doing.

After one month, Bai Xiaochun had no choice but to temporarily give up on the Great Technique of Controlling Man.

“Once this technique is successfully cultivated, it will definitely shake the heavens and earth. I will temporarily take it slowly and wait until I get stronger. I would definitely be able to cultivate it then!” Bai Xiaochun had some unwillingness, but after only achieving little success even after a month, he couldn’t help but lament and slowly bury this ability in the bottom of his heart for now. Whenever he thought of continuing to cultivate the Water Nation Technique, he uncontrollably looked at his wings.

“When the old woman from the North Bank gave me this Magnetic Yuan Pearl and the wings, she said that this contained the secret art of attraction and repulsion…” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone brightly and put the wings in front of him, beginning his research. After many days, he sighed and could only bury this in the bottom of his heart, leaving it for later.

Only now did he manage to thoroughly close his heart, and begin to fully concentrate on cultivating the Water Nation Technique.

Time passed, and unknowingly, Bai Xiaochun had almost spent two years in the North Bank. The Rearing Beast Seed behind the courtyard had already grown to about one zhang, but unfortunately, it still hadn’t bloomed. However, Bai Xiaochun had estimated that the day that it would bloom was not very far.

The aura of his Water Nation Technique had gradually gotten stronger under his continuous cultivation. Every time he activated it, there would be loud booming sounds and a mysterious force, which seemingly looked as if it wasn’t part of this world, would descend in all directions.

Bai Xiaochun had already finished observing every single one of the more than nine hundred different spirit beasts. He practically knew every beast like the back of his palm, but unfortunately, his Spirit of Life hadn’t formed yet.

“Could it be that I haven’t observed enough spirit beasts? I should go observe some stronger spirit beasts.” Bai Xiaochun muttered to himself for a long time. He looked at the Ancient Beast Abyss and hesitated for a moment. He felt that the Ancient Beast Abyss was too dangerous. After thinking for a while, his eyes shone brightly as he suddenly raised his head, looking at the four mountain peaks of the North Bank.

“There are the mountain guarding spirit beasts of the North Bank’s four mountain peaks!”

The four mountain peaks of the North Bank all had a strong spirit beast that lived on the hilltop. They were the guardians of the mountain peaks. Although they were not as strong as the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon, they were still extraordinary.

Every few days, they would occasionally go out of their mountains and dance in the sky or howl towards the sky. When they shook the earth, they would attract many disciples that were filled with envy and consternation.

During this period of time when Bai Xiaochun was in the North Bank, he had also seen this many times. In particular, there was the Seven-Coloured Phoenix from the Iridaceae Mountain, which was already stapled in his mind.

After he made up his mind, Bai Xiaochun hurriedly left the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. When he walked past the Testing Stage, he saw the sculpture of a spirit beast. This wasn’t the first time that he saw this sculpture, however, every time he saw it, he would have a kind of feeling that could not be explained. This was also a phenomenon that would occur to other disciples.

Even Bai Xiaochun had carefully observed it, however, he was left empty handed. Due to this, he gradually stopped paying attention to it, and would only subconsciously sweep his gaze over it when he walked pass it.

Bai Xiaochun stopped paying attention to the sculpture and decided to go to the Iridaceae Mountain before doing anything else. He currently had a load on his mind, and when he was walking, he suddenly turned vigilant. The Magnetic Yuan Wings instantly appeared on his back, and his body charged out several zhangs with a whoosh.

At the exact moment when Bai Xiaochun flew off, a shadow instantly appeared in his previous location, and a shocking sound in a high tone, as if it was the sound of teeth forcefully grating that could make one’s heart palpitate, resounded out.

This sound wasn't soft, it even caused a sonic boom in the air! It could be imagined how much energy was needed to make this happen, and how much hatred was needed to cause such a frightening aura to be released during the grating of teeth.

Unexpectedly, the shadow was a big black dog. Its body length exceeded one zhang, and it was like a cow, except that its whole body was skinny and shriveled. Its fur was fluffy like a wild dog.

At this moment, it had a malevolent expression as it stared at Bai Xiaochun, with great amounts of saliva dripping from between its teeth. It also had a red glow in its eyes, as if it was mad.

Bai Xiaochun was scared until his whole head was full of sweat. He suddenly turned his head and immediately saw this big black dog; he was immediately stunned for a moment, before instantly recognising it.

“Isn’t this Beihan Lie’s Nocturnal Beast, you…” However, before Bai Xiaochun could finish speaking, that big black dog quickly left with a whoosh. Since it couldn’t attack Bai Xiaochun, it just fled a thousand li.

When Bai Xiaochun was slightly confused, the many disciples of the North Bank also recognised that big black dog; they took a deep breath and started talking to each other in a a hushed tone.

“Senior Beihan’s Nocturnal Beast is too pitiful, Senior Beihan can’t keep it anymore, and no one dares to get close to it, even the elders find it pitiful...

“Yeah, after that incident, this Nocturnal Beast is constantly wandering around our North Bank. I even saw it standing on a hill, staring blankly at the night sky, appearing very melancholic.”

“It’s so pitiful, no wonder it wants to sneak attack Bai Xiaochun…”

Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes. After hearing what the disciples said, he also felt apologetic in his heart. Looking at the direction where the big black dog ran off to, Bai Xiaochun decided not to pursue this issue.

“I also had no choice. When I went out to fight at that time, I also asked Beihan Lie to surrender. When I make a move, even I am truly afraid.” Bai Xiaochun sighed and turned around to walk to the Iridaceae Mountain.

With his identity as an Honourable disciple, he could still walk through many areas without any worry or obstruction, even if it was the North Bank. After carefully walking to the Iridaceae Mountain, he didn’t get too close to the cave on top of the mountain. Instead, he found a rock that was distant from it, and sat down there in a cross-legged position, silently waiting.

He waited for three days. On the morning of the third day, a phoenix cry that seemed as if it could tear apart the sky was suddenly let out. When bursts of seven-coloured light was radiated from the cave on the mountaintop, a Seven-Coloured Phoenix elegantly flew out, spreading its wings in midair. The morning sunlight fell on its body, and a resplendent seven-coloured brilliance was reflected. Bai Xiaochun, who was watching from the side, felt his mind tremble. He faintly felt that there was a frightening power inside this Seven-Coloured Phoenix’s body, and if it exploded out, even if he had cultivated the Undying Silver Skin to the Great Success stage, he would not be its match at all.

When he was staring at it, Bai Xiaochun branded the image of the phoenix deep into his heart. He continued observing it, until one incense stick’s worth of time passed, and this Seven Coloured Phoenix slowly flew back into its cave, ignoring Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He was sketching the appearance of the Seven-Coloured Phoenix in his mind. He continued waiting, and five more days passed. It was morning again, and the Seven-Coloured Phoenix appeared again.

Time passed, and Bai Xiaochun had stayed on the mountaintop of the Iridaceae Mountain to observe the Seven-Coloured Phoenix for several months. He only returned to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard once in a while and would quickly rush back.

Most of the disciples of the Iridaceae Mountain heard about this matter, and they were flabbergasted. Most of them didn’t care about it, but there were some inner sect disciples that were lost in thought, and some had conjectures in their hearts.

This lasted for another month. Now, the degree of Bai Xiaochun’s observation of the phoenix was now down to the smallest detail. Only then did he leave and go to the Setting Sun Mountain.

The mountain guarding spirit beast of the Setting Sun Mountain was a black-coloured Three Eyed Crow. The body of the Three Eyed Crow exceeded two zhang, and it had black threads surrounding all over its body that twisted into nothingness. The times that it had appeared was not much, only once or twice within a month.

Every time it went out, not only was its speed extremely fast, it would also set off achain of lightning. Also, it would only come out at night, and would never come out during daytime.

To observe this Three Eyed Crow, Bai Xiaochun was fully concentrated at night. Finally, after three months, he had seen the Three Eyed Crow for a total of five times. Every time it's body entered in vision, he would gaze steadily at it, immersed in his observation. Gradually, it seemed like the signs that his Spirit of Life would be born became even clearer.

The mountain guarding beast of the Sky Mountain wasn’t a bird, but an enormous lizard. The movement speed of this lizard was slow, but its aura was extremely strong. It was the most suitable beast for Bai Xiaochun to observe, as every time it went out of its cave, it would stand on the tallest rock on the Sky Mountain, motionlessly looking into the distance.

Bai Xiaochun looked at it from a distance, unceasingly observing it. After a few months, the degree of observation that he had towards this lizard exceeded the Seven Coloured Phoenix, and even more exceeded the Three Eyed Crow.

As for the spirit beast guarding the Ghost Tooth Mountain, it was even more mysterious. Perhaps, it could not even be called a spirit beast. It was a Mountain Ghost, and it appeared as if it was made out of countless spirit beasts, turning the mountain range into a spirit, which later formed a consciousness, calling itself the Mountain Ghost.

This was a figure that possessed a human shape and had black fur all over its body. It had human’s eyes, but had a mouth that resembled a wolf’s mouth above its forehead. It had two twisted horns on top of its head, and a snake’s scales on its upper body. A tiger’s head was sticking out of its chest, and it had a long tail behind its body.

Its hand would forever be holding a ghastly pitchfork made out of bones, and every time it appeared, clouds and mists would appear in the sky, covering the sun and moon, causing its eyes to glow in the pitch-black darkness.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was alarmed, and he was trembling in fear after seeing it. He could feel that the other party knew of his existence, but simply ignored him due to the disparity between them. Instead, it was standing on the mountaintop, facing the sky and soundlessly roaring.

During this roar, the countless stones on the Ghost Tooth Mountain were slightly trembling. After a long time, the Mountain Ghost returned to its cave. Only then did these stones turn back to normal.

Time passed. Bai Xiaochun was immersed in his observations, and was continuously moving back and forth between the four peaks of the North Bank. In his mind, the feeling that the Spirit of Life was about to be born got even stronger, however, it was stuck on a certain part of his body, and was unable to break through.

The disciples of the North Bank slowly found out that Bai Xiaochun was observing the mountain guarding spirit beasts. There were some people that did not understand why he was doing this, but some inner sect disciples like Xu Song and Beihan Lie, after doing some research, felt a rumble in their hearts.

“He is cultivating the Water Nation Technique!” This was the answer that was guessed by many inner sect disciples of the North Bank. This was because only the Water Nation Technique required the practitioner to spend a long time observing spirit beasts.

“The Water Nation Technique, the top notch secret technique of the Spirit Creek Sect that is as equally famous as the Nightwalker Technique… If different people cultivate it, they will have different outcomes. There are some that are extremely strong, and there are some that are extremely weak.”

“Since Bai Xiaochun is observing spirit beasts, this means that his Spirit of Life hasn’t been born yet…”

“Who knows what his Spirit of Life will be…”

When the inner sect disciples of the North Bank were making guesses, the time that Bai Xiaochun had spent observing the spirit beasts of the four mountains had reached one year.

In reality, during this past year, not only were the inner sect disciples paying attention to him, even the Ancestors and Elders of the four peaks, as well as Li Qinghou, were secretly paying attention to the progress of Bai Xiaochun’s Water Nation Technique.

They were also flabbergasted, because normally, just observing the beasts in the Hundred Beasts Courtyard was enough to form the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life. But it seemed that it wasn’t enough for Bai Xiaochun. However, even if it wasn’t enough, adding on the mountain guarding beasts of the four peaks should’ve been enough. But, against their expectations...it wasn’t enough.

“Bai Xiaochun’s Spirit of Life is actually this hard to form!”

“The Spirit of Life varies for each different person. It follows the heart’s hidden world, and creates an unfathomable Spirit Illusion…”

“Bai Xiaochun’s Spirit of Life, what will it be..."

When everyone was paying attention to him, Bai Xiaochun finished his observation of the mountain guarding beasts of the four mountain peaks and blankly walked in the North Bank. He discovered that observing any longer would have no effect. There was definitely a strong feeling, as if he could birth the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life in his mind at any moment, but it needed just a bit more to break through.

But this bit... appear to have no bound.

Bai Xiaochun was at a loss. He didn’t know what he should do, and was currently quietly walking through the North Bank. When he walked past the Testing Stage, he unconsciously looked at the Testing Stage’s sculpture of that spirit beast.

This had been seen by him many times, but every time he saw it, he would just have that feeling that could not be described. However, this sculpture that was hard to gain enlightment from, the instant he looked at it, made his step pause. His entire body was shaking as an inconceivable look appeared in his eyes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 - Preparation Is Key
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 126 - Preparation Is Key

In the past, whenever Bai Xiaochun glanced at this sculpture, he could only feel that this sculpture had an imposing aura that could arouse a valiant fighting intent. However, he couldn’t clearly describe the statue in detail.

Perhaps it was due to his continuous observations of the four mountain guarding beasts, or because he had reached the point that could allow him to breakthrough his Spirit of Life at any moment, which caused him to subconsciously use his method of observing beasts on this sculpture, causing him to focus not at the sculpture’s entire body, but its scales.

In the moment that Bai Xiaochun looked at the scales, these seemingly ordinary scales, which seemed to be a normal carving, unexpectedly caused the aura from the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life to intensify. In an instant, he felt an intense surge of power.

At the same time, he seemed as if he heard a roar that came from the ancient times.

He didn’t know whether this scene was a hallucination or not, so he began to discretely fix his gaze on it. However, it disappeared in an instant, and following that, the instense feeling that came from the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life slowly calmed down.

Bai Xiaochun’s breathing became rapid, he suddenly walked forward and directly sat in a cross-legged position right below the sculpture. He raised his head and stared directly at the sculpture. He vaguely felt that the scene, which he had unexpectedly experienced earlier, wasn’t an illusion.

“This sculpture… is unusual!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and he unceasingly focused his gaze on the sculpture. He did not gaze at the sculpture as a whole, but instead, he fully concentrated on the countless scales on the sculpture.

Unfortunately, Bai Xiaochun found these “ordinary” scales to be extremely hard to remember. It was an extremely strange situation, he was able to see it, but was unable to remember it.

This sort of phenomenon, instead of causing Bai Xiaochun to be discouraged, it actually strengthened his persistence. His eyes glistened as he was completely immersed in the scales in front of him.

Time passed and it quickly became the evening. In the centre area of the North Bank, where the Testing Stage was, disciples of the North Bank constantly walked passed. They noticed Bai Xiaochun firmly staring at the Testing Stage’s sculpture, making all of them to be flabbergasted. However, they did not stop to pay attention to him, and instead, they just withdrew their gazes and continued walking.

On the morning of the second day, the disciples that saw Bai Xiaochun the day before walked past the Testing Stage once again. They unexpectedly saw Bai Xiaochun again; it was as if he had never left this place and maintained this state for the whole time, so much so that his eyes had turned bloodshot from staring at the sculpture. The moment they saw him, they became even more dumbfounded.

Bai Xiaochun knew that he could only rely on this sculpture to breakthrough. Apart from this, he truly had no other methods. He felt as if he had every possible solution for the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life. Observing the spirit beast of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, observing the four great mountain guarding beasts... and even secretly observing the combat beasts of many disciples of the North Bank!

However, the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life never appeared. Perhaps if the Spirit of Life didn’t show any signs of appearing, it would’ve been fine, and perhaps he wouldn’t have wasted a tremendous amount of time on it. However, the Spirit of Life gave him a feeling that it was about to be birthed at any moment. It was as if it could be felt, yet it could not be seen. It was so close, yet as far as the heavens.

This sort of jumpy feeling caused Bai Xiaochun to have some sort of discomfort. At this moment, he had finally grasped a strand of opportunity; it unleashed the part of his personality that would chip away at a task and not abandon it at all costs.

It was as if the persistence, which had appeared during the period when he refined medicine, had once again appeared within the Bai Xiaochun who sat in front of the sculpture. Even if one night had passed and his eyes had turned bloodshot, or even if the scene which had appeared yesterday would not arise once again, Bai Xiaochun still wouldn’t give up.

He even had a strong feeling that if he gave up, then this Water Nation Technique… perhaps, he would never be able to birth a Spirit of Life during his lifetime. However, if he grasped this opportunity, then this Water Nation Technique's Spirit of Life would break through its cocoon and emerge!

"I don’t believe it!" Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth, fixed his gaze and carefully observed the armour of scales, unceasingly sketching its image in his mind.

He was concentrated so intensely that unconsciously, he had sealed his hearing, his smell, and his other sensory organs, fully putting all of his mind on his vision. The days passed one by one and by the time it was the morning of the fourth day, many disciples of the North Bank were astonished by Bai Xiaochun’s action, and gradually, they began to gossip about him.

“Bai Xiaochun has already been under the Testing Stage’s sculpture for four days… What is he doing? Observing the Testing Stage’s Sculpture?”

“That Testing Stage’s sculpture truly is mysterious. I’ve heard that many people have been there to observe it, trying to gain some benefits. However, besides Senior Brother Gui Ya, nobody has ever succeeded!”

As a small section of North Bank’s disciples were discussing, the inner sect disciples of the North Bank also began paying attention to this. There were many that specially came here, watching Bai Xiaochun. Seeing his mad, demonic state, they all took a deep breath.

“So he is only trying to observe it and engrave it in his memory; he’s not really trying to gain enlightenment. Even though this Testing Stage’s sculpture contains many secrets, not anyone can obtain enlightenment from it.

“I’ve seen some ancient records. Ever since this sculpture was obtained by the sect from the Ancient Beast Abyss four thousand years ago and set up here, it is unknown whether the elders have obtained any enlightenment from it. But within the disciples… before Gui Ya, no one has ever obtained enlightenment from it.

“We have also tried seeking enlightenment from this sculpture, however, we had no choice but to give up. Nobody could sense anything, unless they were someone like Gui Ya, who borrowed his observations to enter the fabled Realm of Enlightenment. Many people have tried, yet they have only wasted an enormous amount of time. Some people have spent ten days, some have spent fifteen days, and the people who have spent the most time here have spent twenty days, and even their bodies became so weak that they fainted.

Beihan Lie, the Gongsun siblings, Xu Song and the many Heaven’s Chosen of the inner sect understood that Bai Xiaochun was not actually trying to gain enlightenment, making them heave a sigh of relief.

Even the four mountain Ancestors were paying attention to Bai Xiaochun, who was below the sculpture, and expectation appeared on their faces.

“Who knows whether this Bai Xiaochun can become like Gui Ya and obtain benefits from this sculpture or not.

“This requires destiny, enlightenment, hard work, and not a single one of these things can be missing. For example, there may be countless people who look at a chaotic painting, but only see the chaos within. There will also be some people that could actually see order, and there are also some people that will see the hidden painting within the chaos. Similarly, there will be an extremely small number of people that see… something that is totally different from what everyone else had seen.

Bai Xiaochun was indeed observing, but he was not necessarily trying to gain enlightenment. The entirety of his eyes were slowly turning bloodshot. The scales in his eyes appeared to have been infinitely magnified, and it had actually replaced the entire world. He felt that he had seen heaven and earth within the scales, and had seen countless floating creatures. He could not tell what they were, and it could even be possible that they were a hallucination. Bai Xiaochun did not care about these things, and his only thought was to remember the shape of these scales, trying to carve them out in his mind.

He didn’t know how many times he had tried. Perhaps, it was a thousand times; perhaps, it was ten thousand times; perhaps, it was even more, so much that his Three Energies had slowly dimmed. However, he had still failed during all those attempts.

(TL Note: Three Energies: Essence/Energy, Qi, Soul)

Time was also slowly passed by. The fifth day, the sixth day, the seventh day… all the way until ten days had passsed. It seemed as if observing this sculpture would consume a great amount of Yuan Qi. Bai Xiaochun’s body had already wilted, but he was still persevering.

Gradually, after the ninteenth day, Beihan Lie and the other people completely calmed down. They saw that Bai Xiaochun, in his current state, could only persist for one more day at most, and would faint due to his withering Yuan Qi.

“When Gui Ya was previously at this sculpture, he used fifteen days to finally step into the fabled Realm of Enlightenment, and managed to gain enlightenment for twenty seven days before awakening. When he awakened, his Nightwalker Technique had reached the small success stage, and this breakthrough was heavily related to his enlightenment from that time.

“This Bai Xiaochun has already wasted nineteen days without acheiving enlightenment. No matter what he is cultivating, in this regard, he isn’t as good as Gui Ya.”

“The mysteries of this sculpture are unfathomable. If he can’t do it this first time, the next time will be much harder. Tomorrow, he’ll probably have fainted. Even if he manages to replenish his Yuan Qi after waking up, he won’t have a chance anymore.”

It was not only Beihan Lie and the others who thought this. Even the Ancestors of the four mountains sighed, feeling that it was a pity.

Gradually, the sun set on the nineteenth day that Bai Xiaochun had observed the sculpture. When the morning sunlight of the twentieth day fell over the world, everyone else practically believed that Bai Xiaochun would faint. This twentieth day passed with them staring at Bai Xiaochun while crying out in disbelief.

Unexpectedly, Bai Xiaochun had not fainted, only his body had shirveled. However, he was actually still persevering!

The twenty-first, the twenty-second, and the twenty-third day passed… as time passed, even more people were astounded. When the thirtieth day passed, even the Ancestors of the four mountains felt shocked.

“The perseverence of this Bai Xiaochun’s Yuan Qi has actually reached this level!”

“Ordinary disciples can last ten days at most, and disciples which train their bodies can last fifteen days at most. Even a Heaven’s Chosen like Gui Ya, could only last twenty days at most. If they cannot enter the Realm of Enlightenment, they will faint due to having their Yuan Qi damaged. But this Bai Xiaochun… he can actually persist this long!”

“However, what use does this have? Even if he can persist any longer, if he is unable to acheive enlightenment, then it will all just be useless.”

Beihan Lie and the other people were also shocked. They had finally understood what level Bai Xiaochun’s fleshy body had reached. Nonetheless, they all sighed in their hearts. After all, if you could not acheive enlightenment, no matter how long you could persist, it would still be useless.

Quickly, another ten days passed. Bai Xiaochun was still immersed. He had tried god knows how many times to sketch the scales. Perhaps it was fifty thousand times; perhaps it was a hundred thousand times; perhaps, it was even more! However, he still failed every single time!

This went on until the fiftieth day... and the sixtieth day. Countless people were deeply shocked by Bai Xiaochun. They were incapable of imagining how inconceivably thick Bai Xiaochun’s Yuan Qi was. This sort of perseverance that exceeded their imaginations could not be done without a sufficiently strong fleshy body.

Finally, when the seventieth day arrived, Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled, clearly wasting away, as if his Yuan Qi and fleshy body had finally reached a limit.

From the start, many people were already paying attention to him. When Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled, it immediately caused many people to take notice.

“It’s going to end. In just a few days, he’s going to lose consciousness.

“In the end, it’s just a waste if he doesn’t acheive enlightenment.”

At this moment, while countless disciples were estimating when Bai Xiaochun would lose consciousness, on this evening of the seventieth day, as the faraway sun was setting, a brimming light that came from red clouds made the sky turn orange...

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes suddenly showed… a blank look.

During this moment of blankness, his eyes slowly closed!

In this instant when he closed his eyes, in his mind, a complete armour of scales… under his countless number of attemps, was finally carved!

In this instant when the armour of scales appeared in his mind, a roar as loud as a thounderclap echoed in his mind. He sucked in a deep breath, but the breath instantly disappeared, like he was only left with an empty shell of a body as he stepped into the fabled… Realm of Enlightenment!

At this moment, the pupils of the crowd who payed attention to him suddenly contracted. It was truly beyond everyone’s expectation, none of them were able to believe it.

Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment wasn’t a coincidence, nor was it destiny; it was due to his own hard work!

He had the opportunity to cultivate the Water Nation Technique and had the necessary perception. However, the most important thing was... the amount of hard work that he put in exceeded everyone else!

Perhaps his perception was not as good as Gui Ya’s. However, he spent five times the amount of time that Gui Ya spent. The reason that he had so much time, was because of his fleshy body and his boundless Yuan Qi. The reason why his fleshy body and Yuan Qi were so strong... was because he cultivated the Undying Longevity Technique, which was brought by the accumulation of his hard work after so many years!

All in all, this was the biggest reason why he could step into the Realm of Enlightenment!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th and final guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Mantoulnv, Cannibaloid, Jin, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 - Soul Floating Within The Void
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 127 - Soul Floating Within The Void

Enlightenment is a type of realm. To be accurate, it was a state where one merged with the heaven and earth, where one was one with the world and one was able to sense the laws of the heaven and earth as well as understand the laws of all living things.

Even if someone was an ordinary mortal, they could also accidentally gain enlightenment. Merely, the chances were too small. It could not be said that it was impossible, but it was practically non-existent. If Qi Condensation cultivators wanted to gain enlightenment, it would also be incomparably hard. Occasionally, when someone who achieved enlightenment appeared, it would cause countless people to be extremely shocked.

Only those almighty elders which had profound cultivations could occasionally be immersed in their enlightenment, comprehending the changes in the heavens and earth, and perceiving the Great Dao of the Heavens.

In the thousand years of disciples in the Spirit Creek Sect, there were only two people that could step into the realm of enlightenment. One of them was Gui Ya, who’s innate talent was truly peerlessly terrifying, even Shangguan Tianyou would be lacking compared to him.

The other person was the person under the sculpture that everyone was watching. The person who had worked hard for seventy days, Bai Xiaochun!

At this moment, all of the surrounding disciples of the North Bank took a deep breath, a commotion caused by their incredulous cries echoed out.

“Bai Xiaochun… he… achieved enlightenment?! After Senior Brother Gui Ya, he is the second person that has achieved enlightenment!”

“Humph! How can his enlightenment be compared to Senior Brother Gui Ya’s? Senior Brother Gui Ya only used fifteen days, however, Bai Xiaochun used seventy days!”

“Don’t put it that way. Even if you told us that we could achieve enlightenment if we persevered for seventy days, we would still be unable to! This is Bai Xiaochun’s own hard work!”

Within the crowd, there were cries of astonishment, some complicated voices, and even someindignant voices; jealously and disdain were clearly shown in their voices. No matter what, most of the disciples could feel Bai Xiaochun’s hard work and his perseverance, and their admiration towards Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment increased even more.

Meanwhile, six rainbows appeared in the sky, instantly whistling through the air. The fastest was unexpectedly not the Ancestors of the four mountains, but… Li Qinghou who had come from the South Bank!

Clearly, he was already paying attention to the events happening here, and the exact moment when Bai Xiaochun achieved enlightenment, his figure suddenly appeared, his right hand pointing a finger towards the Testing Stage. Instantly, a light screen descended in an instant, enveloping Bai Xiaochun within it, causing outsiders to be incapable of stepping the slightest into the Testing Stage.

At this exact moment, the Ancestors of the four mountains and the Sect Head Zheng Yuandong had also arrived.

“Seal off the entire Testing Stage, and do not open it until Bai Xiaochun awakens!” The old woman from the Iricdaceae Peak looked at Li Qinghou in the eye, and her gaze swept across the surroundings. She supressed the amazement in her heart from Bai Xiaochun being able to achieve enlightened as she spoke with a solemn voice.

“Anyone who disrupts Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment will be dealt with as a traitor of the sect! The Law Enforcement Agency will be arriving soon, strictly guard this place!” Zheng Yuandong suddenly interrupted, his voice resounded out in all directions. After the outer sect disciples heard his instruction, they all bowed their heads, paying their respects to the six elders who had arrived from the sky.

It wasn’t long before the disciples of the Law Enforcement Agency, a total of ten people, arrived and went beside the sculpture. They sat in a cross-legged position around Bai Xiaochun, covering him and protecting him from any distractions.

At this moment, the fact that Bai Xiaochun had finally achieved enlightenment had also been spread out by the outer sect disciples. Gradually, the entire North Bank knew about this; Beihan Lie, along with a many other disciples, became even more astounded as they left their caves to rush over.

In the distance, they saw Bai Xiaochun who was currently being protected by the Law Enforcement Agency. Their thoughts could not be expressed.

“He… actually achieved enlightenment…”

“Seventy days! He persevered for a whole seventy days!”

“Don’t tell me that the gap between us is truly this big? I won’t accept this!” Beihan Lie, the Gongsun siblings, Xu Song, and many other inner sect’s Heaven’s Chosen currently had complicated feelings.

In midair, the four Ancestors of the North Bank also observed Bai Xiaochun, whosat in meditation with closed eyes. When he had entered the Realm of Enlightenment, he lost all of the aura around him.

“I didn’t think that he would actually succeed!”

“His insights are too profound. His success isn’t due to chance.”

“Who knows how many days he can stay enlightened? When Gui Ya was enlightened, he was in that state for twenty seven days.” While the four Ancestors were deeply moved, a hint of expectation appeared within Zheng Yuandong’s eyes. He loudly laughed and believed his master would be pleased because he had taken this Bai Xiaochun as a Junior Brother on behalf of his master.

Li Qinghou also had a smile on his face. Praise could be seen in his eyes... and even gratification.

After all, this was the Spirit Creek Sect. The Law Enforcement Agency was there, and there was also the formation array which Li Qinghou had personally arranged. Besides a Golden Core stage cultivator, there was no other way for someone to disturb Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment by breaking open the protection in a short time.

Even if a Golden Core stage practitioner really dared to appear, then he would undoubtedly die in the Spirit Creek Sect.

The six people naturally felt at ease, gazed at the scene once again and then respectively left.

The surrounding disciples of the North Bank were deeply shocked. Their gazes focused on Bai Xiaochun who was being protected by the Law Enforcement Agency, and they were all wondering. Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment… how long would it last?

“He used almost five times the amount of time that Senior Brother Gui Ya used to succeed. I estimate the time that he stays enlightened should be about two tenths of Senior Brother Gui Ya, just about five or six days.

“It won’t exceed seven days!”

Cold snorts echoed out from within the crowd. There were too many people in the North Bank, and he was also the number one enemy of the North Bank. Although they respected him as a strong individual, there were still many disciples with hostility towards him in their hearts. There were even some who had jealousy in their hearts.

Three days quickly passed. During these three days, Bai Xiaochun did not move at all and the Yuan Qi in his body did not continue to drain. It was even slowly recovering!

However, all of the aura on his body had disappeared from the moment he had achieved enlightenment. It was as if his soul was not in his body, and instead merged with the heaven and earth, returning to the void.

Three days ago, in that instant when he closed his eyes, the blank look in his eyes was a manifestation of his state of mind. He was truly blank, with no concept of time. He did not know how much time had passed. He only remembered that, in that instant when he finally managed to sketch out the image of the scale armour in his mind, the sculpture in front of him seemed to be alive, possessing a savage aura and standing up; its right claw was about to tear open a world.

It was as if the sculpture had truly torn open the void causing his consciousness to be absorbed into this void, causing him appear in an illusory world. He had a blank look on his face and his mind was a patch of white. He had forgotten his identity and the reason he had come here, only drifting about in this illusory world.

This continued until he noticed an enormous figure in this illusory world. It had a huge figure which was hard to describe. When compared to it, Bai Xiaochun felt that he wouldn’t even be a small scale on it.

This astonishing figure, was shockingly an enormous beast as big as the crocodile in the sculpture.

Dwelling in this illusionary world, it raised its head, facing the sky, facing the heavens, and facing an invisible figure that seemed to not exist. It raised its right claw and suddenly grabbed outwards.

Like splitting the heavens and earth apart, the booming sounds echoed outwards and overflowed the heavens. Bai Xiaochun blankly looked at the enormous beast, dazedly staring at the claw which tore open the heavens. A buzz occurred in his mind; the claw was the only thing he could think of.

At this moment, if Bai Xiaochun had remembered who he was, he would immediately realise that this claw… actually resembled the Nightwalker Technique that Gui Ya used.

When Bai Xiaochun was in this illusory world, time was quickly passing in the outside world. It had already exceeded the five or six days that the disciples of the North Bank had estimated; it was already ten days since Bai Xiaochun had entered the Realm of Enlightenment.

During these ten days, the disciples of the North Bank, especially the inner sect disciples, would come to the Testing Stage every day to look at Bai Xiaochun. Many of them had a ‘might as well’ attitude and decided to meditate there.

Beihan Lie and the others were part of those who came.

They stared helplessly at Bai Xiaochun during his tenth day of enlightenment and they were silent; their hearts were complicated. Compared to the silent inner sect disciples, the outer sect of the North Bank were in an uproar.

“He actually reached ten days!”

“However, if he wants to exceed Senior Brother Gui Ya’s twenty seven days, that’s impossible!”

As the outer sect disciples were discussed about Bai Xiaochun, time quickly passed. The eleventh day, the twelfth day, the thirteenth day… slowly, it became the twentieth day!

The North Bank was already thoroughly shocked. This time, all of the outer sect

disciples were deeply shocked by Bai Xiaochun, and they intensely paid attention to him.

They wanted to know, whether Bai Xiaochun… could reach Gui Ya’s twenty-seven

days.

“Absolutely impossible!”

“He used five times the amount of time compared to Senior Brother Gui Ya to acheive enlightenment, it can be clearly seen that his aptitude can’t be compared to Senior Brother Gui Ya! Therefore, he absolutely cannot surpass Senior Brother Gui Ya!”

There were many of these sounds in the North Bank. Even if they were inner sect disciples, some people also thought like this. But slowly, when the twenty-second day passed, then the twenty-fifth day passed, all these sounds disappeared, turning into a silence that was formed from shock.

On the evening of the twenty-sixth day, under the surprise of countless people, a black rainbow flew over, appearing in midair above the North Bank’s Testing Stage, as it turned into a youth that was wearing a black gown.

It was Gui Ya!

He was originally in seclusion to make his final preparations for Foundation Establishment. However, when he received sound transmissions from his fellow disciples and found out about Bai Xiaochun, he came out to see what had happened.

Within the disciples of the entire Spirit Creek Sect, only Bai Xiaochun would arouse his interest. At the moment he appeared, he was immediately recognised by the surrounding disciples. No matter whether these disciples were of the inner sect or the outer sect, reverence appeared on their faces. Some even had fearful expressions as they quickly cupped their hands to pay their respects.

“Greetings to Senior Brother Gui Ya.”

Even if it was Beihan Lie and the others, they would also quickly pay their respects. These sounds merged into one and echoed in all directions. However, Gui Ya acted as if he had heard nothing, only looking at one person... Bai Xiaochun.

As he stared at Bai Xiaochun, astonishment gradually appeared in Gui Ya’s eyes.

“I achieved enlightenment after observing that beast’s claw and sketching it into my mind. Finally, I ended up in that illusory world and lost my bearings in that world shaking claw from that ancient beast. It was hard to stray away from it as my enlightenment ended, and I could not see whether that ancient beast had any other changes.”

“Bai Xiaochun, since you have achieved enlightenment, who knows whether you can stray away from that claw...”

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here’s a special bonus chapter for all the fans who have supported us. If you guys noticed on xianxiaworld.net/top, atte has finally breached 1 million in clicks for the month! Thank you so much for the support!

We’ll have 2 more sponsored chapters for the rest of the week, and both will be posted this coming weekend. Again, thanks for the support!

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Jin, Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 - Spirit Of Life, Awaken!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 128 - Spirit Of Life, Awaken!

Within the illusory world, Bai Xiaochun’s saw the heavens and earth being smashed and thoroughly torn apart by the claw of that ancient beast. It seemed as if his consciousness had also been affected; he could feel bursts of fractures were being transmitted throughout his consciousness.

Following this fractures, signs of his mind gradually dissipating began to show. Bai Xiaochun was seemingly at a lost. This claw that tore open the heavens made him thoroughly stunned.

Bai Xiaochun was incapable of imagining what kind of power this was. He subconsciously thirsted for it; this kind of pinnacle power, which could split the heavens and earth, made his mind fully concentrated on trying to absorb and comprehend this. He wanted to obtain this power, even if his consciousness was gradually dissipating after the appearance of those fractures.

The more he thought about this, the faster his consciousness dissipated. But when almost twenty percent of his consciousness had dissipated, Bai Xiaochun suddenly trembled. He faintly realized that something was amissed. While he was engrossed with this claw, he vaguely felt that he had another purpose for coming here.

This thought gradually became even stronger. Finally, when it had replaced the thirst for the power within the claw, the dissipation of his fractured consciousness slowly stopped. As if time had reversed, it once again pieced itself together.

Within the illusory world, that enormous spirit beast appeared once again. This time, it wasn’t a claw, but rather the whip-like tail behind its body. It swept through the heavens and earth, rending the earth and causing the heavens to fall, and the booming sound it emitted was like the Big Bang.

During this rending of the earth and falling of the heavens, Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness once again lost its bearings.

In the outside world, as night descended, Bai Xiaochun’s twenty-sixth day of enlightment suddenly passed. The twenty-seventh day arrived and morning turned into the afternoon, which turned into the evening, which turned into midnight.

In the Testing Stage where Bai Xiaochun was, the expressions of the countless disciples of the North Bank changed. By the end, every single person had their eyes widely opened.

Beihan Lie, the Gongsun siblings, Xu Song and the Heaven’s Chosens from the inner sect felt great waves surging in their minds.

“He has exceeded...twenty-seven days. He has exceeded Senior Brother Gui Ya!”

“Heavens, this Bai Xiaochun could actually attain enlightenment to this degree!”

“How long will his enlightenment actually be able to last? Thirty days? Thirty-five days? Or perhaps… forty days!”

After a brief moment of repressed emotions and silence, the countless people gathered near the Testing Stage flew into a violent uproar as they exclaimed. When everyone looked at Bai Xiaochun who had no aura, they were all overwhelmed with shock.

However, their shock was clearly too early.

Time passed again, and the thirtieth day, the thirty-third day, and the thirty-seventh day passed… all the way until fortieth day. By then, every one of the disciples of the North Bank were at a loss.

Not only were they loss, the Ancestors of the four mountains also took a deep breath. Every extra day in the Realm of Enlightenment had a completely different significance. Under that type of enlightenment, one day could be compared to several years of normal cultivation, or even more.

Gui Ya was silent, but an astonishing light appeared in his eyes. He looked at Bai Xiaochun. He wanted to know... what did Bai Xiaochun see?!

“He definitely managed to find his way after losing his bearings from that claw. So, what did he glimpse after that?”

Within the illusory world, Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness was incessantly shaking. He didn’t know how long he had lost his bearings within the strength of this ancient beast’s tail, and his consciousness was dissipating at an extremely fast speed. However, a thought within his brain was still unceasingly occuring while his consciousness was quickly dissipating. This tail’s frantic strength… was still not his purpose for coming here.

“This isn’t it!” He muttered to himself.

The instant when this sound echoed out, his consciousness stopped collapsing. When there were no more signs that his mind was dissipating, that enormous ancient beast suddenly opened its mouth and exposed something that was even more frightening than its claws, even more frightening than its tail… its sharp teeth!

That row of teeth seemed to contain evil spirits that could fill the sky and destroy everything; as if it could bite and shatter everything that existed. With a single bite, the entire world became pitch black and began to collapse once again.

“No, this is still not what I came here for!” Bai Xiaochun’s muttering sounds echoed in all directions and got even stronger.

“What I came here for is to observe this ancient beast, which with I can use to birth… the Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life!”

“What I want isn’t the strength of this ancient beast’s claw, tail or teeth. What I want… is to carefully observe this entire ancient beast, firmly imprinting it in my mind and use it to unlock my Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life!”

“And it will not become my Spirit of Life. Instead, this ancient beast will merge into it, becoming a part of my Spirit of Life!”

“This is only the reason… why I came here!” Bai Xiaochun’s voice was no longer a mutter; it was now like a thundering roar. As this illusory world began exploding apart and unceasingly spread in all directions, his consciousness suddenly condensed itself and changed into a beam of light, directly flying towards the distant ancient beast.

It was hard to describe how fast his speed was, and within the blink of an eye, he had already approached the ancient beast. With an explosion, his consciousness actually merged with the body of the ancient beast and in the instant they touched. Soon, it began to spread out. Bai Xiaochun’s mind was violently trembling. He had a strong feeling that at this moment, he… appeared as if he was transforming into this ancient beast!

The process of transforming into the ancient beast was exactly the process of him comprehending this ancient beast. There was no other method that was better suited for him to observe this ancient beast. It had gotten to the point that this was no longer observing, and it had exceeded the point of observing it down to the smallest details. It had reached… the level of being one with the body.

Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness rapidly dispersed and continuously merged with the entire body of the ancient beast, understanding it, analysing it, grasping it, observing it, and...controlling it!

It started from its flesh and slowly extended to its scales, then its spikes, claws, teeth, bones, and its internal organs… Bai Xiaochun forgot the concept of time, and his entire consciousness was rapidly comprehending this ancient beast.

This went on until a certain time when Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness suddenly shook. It had finally filled the entire body of the ancient beast, and he had become the ancient beast.

He faced the sky and roared, and the world seemed to tremble. However, following that, the body of the ancient beast twisted, and its flesh, using some kind of mysterious technique, rapidly and unexpectedly changed into a Three-Eyed Black Crow!

This black crow had an enormous body, and when it was rapidly flying in this illusory world, its eyes had Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness within them. And within the blink of an eye, the black crow once again twisted, changing into a Seven-Coloured Phoenix.

And later on, it changed again into an enormous lizard, and in the next moment, with Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness, it even transformed into the Mountain Ghost of the Ghost Tooth Mountain. It didn’t end there though; following that, Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness unexpectedly transformed into the near thousand spirit beasts from the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

The flying tiger, the pangolin, the huge bear, and the all the other spirit beasts. Even if had transformed into all of them, it still didn’t end there, and soon he also transformed into the spirit beasts that were beside the disciples of the North Bank that Bai Xiaochun had secretly observed.

This went on until a booming sound occured, and all of those spirit beasts disappeared. Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness changed into a lump of dense fog which was unceasingly undulating, as if there was some kind of frightening spirit that was about to be born.

This was Bai Xiaochun’s Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life.

It was not possible to clearly see what in the world this spirit was, and even Bai Xiaochun’s own consciousness was unable to see it clearly. It was as if… this spirit’s body wasn’t complete yet.

But with an incomplete body, at this moment, it released an astonishing aura, and an enormous beast could be faintly seen within the dense fog. Its bony spikes could shake the heavens and earth, and it had an unimaginable imposing aura which continuously condensed following the undulations of the dense fog.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness was unable to support the unceasing transformations and started to rapidly dissipate. 10%, 20%, 30%... within a blink of an eye, 50% of his consciousness had dissipated!

Following this dissipation, the entire illusory world started to tremble, and signs of dissipation unexpectedly appeared in the Spirit of Life that was being born in the dense fog.

“Faster, just a bit faster! Before my consciousness dissipates, Spirit of Life… awaken!”

Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness was yelling out. Quickly, the booming sounds overflowed the heavens, and the dissipation of his consciousness became even quicker. 60%, 70%, 80%... 90%!

Cracks appeared in this illusory world, and it started to collapse. It transformed into a storm which swept outwards in all directions, submerging the dense fog. In that instant, when 100% of Bai Xiaochun’s consciousness had dissipated, he let out a final anxious roar.

Boom!

The world collapsed, but at the moment it collapsed, within the rapidly dissipating dense fog, a pair of red eyes suddenly… opened!

“Spirit of Life, AWAKEN!!!”

In the outside world, after Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment had exceeded forty days, it was still continuously increasing. Fifty days, sixty days, seventy days, eighty days, ninty days… one hundred days!

This increase of time finally made all of the disciples of the North Bank feel terrified.

“A hundred days, over three months; Bai Xiaochun… he is actually still in the Realm of Enlightenment!”

“He couldn’t have died, right…”

“Too frightening, I’ve never seen anything like this in my entire life!”

The outer sect was in a panic, and the inner sect was thoroughly shocked. The minds of Beihan Lie and the others seemed to have been blown apart by thunder. This still did not end; the hundred and tenth day, and the hundred and twentieth day all passed, all the way until the noon of the hundred and thirty-first day, where under the North Bank’s Testing Stage, Bai Xiaochun’s body suddenly shook.

This trembling was immediatly noticed by the disciples of the North Bank who had been staring at him for a long time, making them all rub their eyes. After opening their eyes, they saw Bai Xiaochun’s body tremble again, and they immediately let out cries of surprise.

It was during this moment when the cries of surprise echoed out… that Bai Xiaochun’s eyes, suddenly opened!

...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st sponsored chapter of the week. Special thanks to Kristian S. for sponsoring this chapter, as well as the next sponsored chapter tomorrow. Thank you for the support!

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Jin, Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 - A Bone Spike
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 129 - A Bone Spike

Bai Xiaochun had a blank look in his eyes. Although his consciousness had returned, it seemed as though it had not recovered from the illusory world of enlightenment. He was now perplexed, as if the world in front of his eyes was blurry.

The disciples from the Law Enforcement Agency surrounding him had also reacted, raising their heads to look at Bai Xiaochun. Those outer sect disciples that had been here from start to end all opened their eyes widely, unceasingly letting out astonished cries of surprise.

“A hundred and thirty days!”

“He used five times the amount of time compared to Senior Brother Gui Ya to achieve enlightenment, but the length of his enlightenment was also five times the amount of time as Senior Brother Gui Ya!”

The outer sect disciples were in an uproar, and they took out their jade slips, using their fastest speed possible to spread out the news of Bai Xiaochun’s awakening; it was as if the entire North Bank had a gale sweeping through it. In an instant, every disciple that knew about this had their hearts jolted as they directly headed to the Testing Stage.

It was at this moment when Bai Xiaochun, who was below the Testing Stage’s sculpture and had an increasingly blank look in his eyes, suddenly raised his right hand and unconsciously waved his hand lightly, murmuring...

“Water Pond.”

His voice was light, and it was hard for outsiders to hear it. But in the instant when Bai Xiaochun’s mouth echoed out what was inside his mind, a world-shaking explosion that was like a heavenly thunder suddenly descended and violently spread out.

Boom!

The enormous sound shook the heavens, and the following three claps of thunder caused everyone present to have their hearts madly tremble. Even more, after these claps of thunder reverberated, a boundless water vapor suddenly spread out in all directions!

Three zhang, ten zhang, twenty zhang, fifty zhang, hundred zhang… All the way until two hundred zhang!

With Bai Xiaochun at the center of a circle with a radius of 200 zhang long, that endless water vapor instantly enveloped and caused the whole scenery to become blurry. Moreover, there was a pushing force that caused all the disciples within two hundred zhang of Bai Xiaochun, including the disciples of the Law Enforcement Agency, to be pushed out while they were taking a deep breath.

The pushing force had an extremely great force, making the disciples within 200 zhang retreat; none of them were able to resist it. Within the blink of an eye, there was no one within 200 zhang of Bai Xiaochun.

The water vapor was hazy, stirring the clouds in the sky while spreading out the force of heaven and earth in all directions; it formed an enormous whirlpool that was slowly rotating in midair. Every disciple that saw this scene felt their hearts palpitating. They thought of the ghost claw that descended from the sky when Gui Ya used the Nightwalker Technique.

That technique seemed as if it was not something that a cultivator at the Qi Condensation stage could use, and caused all of the disciples of the North Bank to simultaneously respect and fear Gui Ya. But now… they had the same feeling when they looked at Bai Xiaochun, however, this feeling was even more intense than what they felt for Gui Ya!

When bursts of deep breaths were let out, a large amount of disciples who were rushing over successively appeared. There were many inner sect disciples within the group, including Beihan Lie, the Gongsun siblings, Xu Song and the others.

They saw the whirlpool in the sky, then they looked at Bai Xiaochun; all of their expressions immediately changed.

“Water Nation Technique!”

“He should’ve cultivated it, but we don’t know what his Spirit of Life is…”

Gui Ya’s figure appeared in midair, and he stared at Bai Xiaochun, his eyes showing fighting intent, however, he deliberately suppressed it.

While the disciples were still staring in astonishment, the four Ancestors of the North Bank, as well as Li Qinghou, suddenly appeared and also stared at the Bai Xiaochun who was below the sculpture.

“This old man is also looking forward to Bai Xiaochun’s Spirit of Life!”

“He is merely using the Water Pond, yet it already has an aura like this, what in the world is it…”

In Li Qinghou’s eyes, there was surprise as well as happiness. He looked at the Bai Xiaochun who was awakening from his enlightenment; it was evident that he was looking forward to it.

Under the gazes of everyone present, Bai Xiaochun slowly raised his head. His eyes still had a blank look in them, and his raised right hand was… gradually lowered!

“Nation!” Bai Xiaochun softly murmured.

In the instant when he lowered his hand, all of the surrounding people sluggishly breathed out. An inconceivable aura suddenly spread out from Bai Xiaochun’s body, enveloping everything in all directions within the blink of an eye.

Within two hundred zhang, everything was hazy, and it was almost impossible to clearly see the original scenery. What could be seen… was the water vapor, which had become extremely dense, formed into a… Water Pond!

Within this Water Pond, a beast roar echoed out. This roar was mysterious, as if it was a roar that gathered countless voices of monstrous beasts, condensing them into a single entity, forming an extremely unique roar.

Roar!

In the instant the roar echoed out, it shook the heavens and quaked the earth, causing all of the people who heard it to have their hearts jump, no matter what their cultivation level was. A feeling of oppression also arose in their hearts, with some evidently greater than the others.

Moreover, along with the roar, all the combat beasts of the disciples of the North Bank raised their heads and let out a roar, and there were even some that unexpectedly released their aggressive nature as all of the combat beasts were in a big mess.

And within the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, that near thousand monstrous beasts were also roaring. Quickly, the countless beast roars covered the sky and earth, spreading in all directions throughout the entire North Bank, making the hearts of all of the disciples of the North Bank tremble faster.

“Bai Xiaochun’s Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life, what in the world is it!”

“Heavens, why would it be like this!” The disciples of the North Bank were all trying to pacify the combat beasts beside them. Everyone’s expression changed; all of them were overwhelmed with shock, especially the inner sect disciples. The combat beasts beside them had different Bloodline Grades, and some combat beasts were extremely hard to pacify. Those combat beasts all seemed as if they had gone mad.

While everyone was trying to pacify their beasts, another inauspicious and bestial roar echoed out in the North Bank.

The two hundred zhang Water Pond violently shook and twisted, as if this Water Pond was an exit to a different dimension. Peering from inside, there was an invisible spirit beast that wanted to burst through this exit and come out from that dimension.

Following that, the Water Pond suddenly shook, and an enormous mountain suddenly bursted out of this Water Pond within an instant.

At a first glance, this mountain was extremely huge, but if anyone looked at it carefully, they would discover that this mountain… was even bigger than it seems. Clearly, the mountain that appeared from the two hundred zhang Water Pond was only the mountain’s… sharp end!

And if anyone looked even more carefully, they would find themselves looking at a scene that would make people’s scalp even more numb. Rather than a mountain, it was actually… the sharp point of a bone spike!

“A bone spike, heavens, that actually is the sharp end of a bone spike!”

“The bone spike is already two hundred zhang, how big is this beast’s body, this… this Spirit of Life, what appearance does it even have!”

While cries of suprise echoed out throughout the North Bank, a world-shaking aura exploded out from within the Water Pond. An attack that seemed to be formless spread out in all directions, and the combat beasts beside the disciples of the North Bank were now unable to be pacified. Within a few moment, all the combat beasts actually trembled and seeminly prostrated themselves!

“Impossible!”

“How could it be like this!” Under the cries of shock and horror of the many disciples in the North Bank, the combat beasts of the North Bank were all unceasingly trembling while prostrated on the ground. At this moment, there were four roars that suddenly came from the peaks of the four mountains of the North Bank, which seemed as if there was something threatening them.

A Seven-Coloured Phoenix charged over in an instant; it rigidly stared at the mountain within Bai Xiaochun’s Water Pond while it was in midair, showing a strong sign of vigilance. On another side, the Three-Eyed Black Crow also arrived.

At almost the same time when they appeared, a huge lizard also appeared and let out a low growl towards the mountain within the Water Pond.

And the Mountain Ghost from the Ghost Tooth Peak also arrived. Its bone fork was swaying in its hand, and it had Black Qi rolling all over its body; it actually had a nervous expression on its face!

If anyone carefully looked at these four mountain guarding beasts, they could unexpectedly see respect in the deepest parts of their eyes!

Moreover, at this moment, in the deepest parts of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, within the Ancient Beast Abyss, a pair of eyes suddenly appeared in the pitch black darkness. This pair of eyes were enormous; it had a sharp and dignified look within it, as if it had broken through nothingness, and had passed through all the obstructions to directly look at Bai Xiaochun’s Water Pond.

It was exactly the Spirit River Sect’s sect guarding godly beast, the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon!

Bai Xiaochun’s Water Nation Technique’s Spirit of Life actually made its face turn grave.

The entire North Bank was thoroughly shocked. The elders from the four mountains had fearful expressions and simultaneously charged out. Moreover, at this moment, on the Zhong Dao Mountain, several supreme and dignified visions were staring intently on what was going on in the North bank.

The Ancestors of the four mountains were already breathing quickly, to the point where their scalps were feeling a little numb.

“Just what kind of Spirit of Life is this!”

“It’s unprecedented!”

“This kind of power is no longer something that cultivators at the Qi Condensation can control! It’s the same as Gui Ya, in fact, it even exceeds Gui Ya!”

Under everyone’s gaze, the mountain within the Water Pond slowly sunk back, as if this two hundred Water Nation Technique was too small, and Bai Xiaochun’s Spirit of Life was unable to completely descend. After it slowly sunk, the Water Pond scattered apart and slowly dissipated.

The Water Pond’s dissipation revealed Bai Xiaochun who was sitting in a cross legged position. Bai Xiaochun had a pale expression; he had already been awake since earlier, and he was currently opening his eyes widely. His eyes wasn’t the same blank eyes as before, and instead, there was shock in them. Clearly, even though it was his own technique, he was also shocked by the bone spike that appeared within the Water Pond.

Following the dissipation of the Water Pond, the surrounding combat beasts slowly recovered, but their owners, the disciples of the North Bank, still felt their minds abuzz. After the short moment of silence, the area exploded into an uproar that could overflow the heavens.

“I… I didn’t see it wrong…”

“This is the Water Nation Technique?!”

“Bai Xiaochun’s Spirit of Life, actually showed only a sharp spike…”

“That world shaking aura just now, came from… a Qi Condensation cultivator like us? Aih, if he was a person from our North Bank, that would be so good.”

During this racket caused by countless people, the four Ancestors of the North Bank looked at each other, then looked at Li Qinghou, who was also shocked.

“The younger generations will surpass us in time… I am extremely curious. His Spirit of Life, what in the world is it.”

“Within Bai Xiaochun’s hands, it can be imagined that he should be able to fully display all of the power of this Water Nation Technique!”

“Only a sharp spike appeared from his Spirit of Life... that is because his cultivation is not sufficient. His Water Pond is only two hundred zhang. Once he dedicates himself to cultivation, and if he can truly step into Golden Core… and display the Water Nation Technique which has a radius of a thousand li, then his Spirit of Life should probably be able to fully descend.”

“If that day truly arrives… using this Water Nation Technique, he can be a rare expert within the same stage!”

Li Qinghou was gratified and felt proud for Bai Xiaochun. He didn’t let Bai Xiaochun know that he had arrived, and he had lifted all of the current worries on his mind. With a happy and excited look, he turned his body and left the North Bank in a flash. He was going to start his preparations to try and attack the Golden Core Realm within ten years.

...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd sponsored chapter of the week, special thanks again to Kristian S. for sponsoring the chapter!

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 - The Rearing Beast Seed Blooms!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 130 - The Rearing Beast Seed Blooms!

Even Bai Xiaochun himself didn’t know exactly what his Spirit of Life was. However, he knew that because his cultivation wasn’t high enough, his Water Nation Technique only had a range limit of two hundred zhang and was unable to contain the body of his Spirit of Life.

But he wasn’t too concerned about it. After all, he had finally awakened his Spirit of Life; this meant that his several years strenuously cultivating the Water Nation Technique wasn’t wasted. This caused Bai Xiaochun to be full of expectations towards his Spirit of Life.

At this moment, when he heard the gossiping of the surrounding people, Bai Xiaochun dryly coughed, seemingly quite pleased with himself.

“Ai... My head seriously hurts... No matter where I go, there will always be a crowd cheering. In reality, I am a man who fancies to keep a low profile. Fine, I won’t complain about the previous incident when these disciples of the North Bank bullied me.” Just as Bai Xiaochun was about to stand up, he suddenly felt dizziness course though his mind. Following this, an extremely intense feeling of hunger suddenly struck up upon his whole body, causing him to feel powerless and unable to stand.

He hastily took out a pill and swallowed it. Only after the pill effects had merged and spread out within his body did he slightly recover and was able to stand up.

Under the extremely complicated gazes of the North Bank Disciples, Bai Xiaochun raised his head. Although his body was physically weak, he didn’t forget to assume the appearance of an expert with a melancholic expression. His pale face seemed to show some kind of special temperament; various kinds of emotions surfaced upon him as he slowly walked away.

Only after he walked a fair distance did the surrounding disciples of the North Bank begin to sigh. They weren’t clear about the feelings they had for Bai Xiaochun. In the beginning, he was the North Bank’s common enemy. This continued until the one month-long incessant battles at the Testing Stage. Later on, he then surpassed Gui Ya’s enlightenment and unleashed the world-shaking Water Nation Technique!

In their hearts, they recognised that Bai Xiaochun was indeed a Heaven’s Chosen, however, he was actually extremely constrating to the other Heaven’s Chosen. Whenever Bai Xiaochun came into their line of vision, they couldn’t help but feel the urge to beat him up. This was unrelated to the strength of their fleshy bodies, but was a feeling that came from their heart.

Ever since he arrived at the North Bank, the North Bank had pretty much never calmed down; there would always be an incident involving Bai Xiaochun. At this moment, the surrounding crowd were all sighing in their hearts.

Especially the inner sect disciples, who lamented even more; witnessing Bai Xiaochun use five times the amount of time that Gui Ya used to step into enlightenment, they could see that Bai Xiaochun’s enlightenment was different from Gui Ya’s.

It was too different that perhaps there was hardly any difference between them. However, those seventy days of observing this madness allowed them to witness Bai Xiaochun’s dedication, as well as the accumulation of his hard work which allowed him to pry open the door to enlightenment.

Beihan Lie was completely silent. Looking at the distant figure of Bai Xiaochun, he turned his body and directly went to his cave. He wanted to, once again, go into seclusion and attack the tenth layer of Qi Condensation, making his preparations for Foundation Establishment.

“Is it because my hard work and dedication wasn’t enough? Bai Xiaochun... Sooner or later, I will definitely surpass you!”

The Gongsun siblings, Xu Song and the other Chosen from the inner sect all sucked in a deep breath. They knew how powerful Bai Xiaochun was and the vast distance between them. Nevertheless, the more feeling of powerlessness they had, the more they felt an urge to be unwilling to always be supressed. With resolution in their eyes, they chose the same choice as Beihan Lie’s as they left the area.

“Hard work will fix our flaws. What Bai Xiaochun can do... We can also do!”

Almost instantaneously, the crowd from the North Bank began to disperse; the gaze of Gui Ya followed the direction that Bai Xiaochun left in. He wanted to know what Bai Xiaochun experienced after seeing the beast claw.

He didn’t want to hear the answer; he wanted to personally see it. This would let his Nightwalker Technique once again break through.

“Unless I can enter his memories and see the scene that I wish to see.” Gui Ya was seriously pondering about the feasibility of this matter, and after a long time, he shook his head.

“As of now, I don’t have a hundred percent confidence in doing this. However, after I reach Foundation Establishment…” A deep look appeared in Gui Ya’s eyes.

“Accoding to the prediction and from master, it should be about time for the three Foundation Establishment Sacred Land shared by the four great sects of the East Vein of the Tongtian River to open. The Meteor Sword Abyss, among the three Holy Lands… is also going to open. The tribulation cited by the Earth Vein Foundation Establishment, with my secret technique, I should be able to cite it eight times... with eighth levels of tide Earth Vein Foundation Establishement... it will definitely be easy.” Gui Ya nodded his head and turned around as he walked away.

Throughout the journey, Bai Xiaochun had been struggling to maintain the appearance of an expert. The moment he stepped into the Hundred Beasts Courtyard and didn’t see anyone, he immediately relaxed. After dispritedly returning to the paviliion, Bai Xiaochun exhaustedly collapsed onto the floor, seemingly asleep.

He slept for three days straight, and only then did he manage to barely recover by half. Afterwards, he continuously took care of himself for half a month, and after he was finally fully recovered, he felt pleasantly surprised as he found out that his cultivation had advanced. He had already reached the peak of the ninth layer of Qi Condensation! At most, he would only need to cultiivate for half a year, without the use of any pills, in order to break through into the tenth layer of Qi Condensation.

Apart from this, he also noticed that his control of spirit power was alot different from before; it was much more flexible! It had improved so much that he could circulate his internal spirit power without even the slightest bit of sluggishness.

The thing that made him even more ecstatic was the fact this his internal Jing and Mai had actually thickened from before. And when he operated the Undying Silver Skin, the golden light was stronger than a few months ago.

(TL Note: Impentrable -> Undying)

“It has completely upgraded!” Bai Xiaochun was very excited and quickly rushed into the forest to see those spirit beasts which he had not seen for a few months. Then, he went behind the courtyard, looking for the Rearing Beast Seed which had already grown above two zhang, and had already grown an enormous flower bud.

For a long duration of time, this Rearing Beast Seed which been planted by Bai Xiaochun for a long time. It had spirit soil which had been spirit refined three times, and Bai Xiaochun would even sprinkle some spirit medicine powder that would assist in its growth at fixed times.

This area also had a formation array behind the pavilion which covered everything; if the area crumbled, no one would notice.

Bai Xiaochun carefully looked and was pleasantly surprised to find out that this Rearing Beast Seed was about to mature.

“It’ll be finished in a month at most!” Bai Xiaochun laughed loudly, and while he was feeling excited, he decided to might as well stay here and cultivate his breathing technique while observing the Rearing Beast Seed.

Quickly, fifteen days passed, and Bai Xiaochun felt that he was on the verge of breaking through. On the other hand, this Rearing Beast Seed made him beam with joy. Within this half a month, this Rearing Beast Seed was still two zhang, but that flower bud was constantly growing with a speed that could frighten people, and now, it was actually over half a zhang wider!

It curved downwards and the flower bud seemed to be covered in layers of wrinkles. It was imaginable that the surface area it took up would definitely be even greater if it had streched out.

Gradually, a trace of a fragrant aroma spread out from this Rearing Beast Seed.

Bai Xiaochun was estastic. He took a deep breath and continuously meditated all the way until the evening three days later. A loud thumping sound suddenly came from inside his body, and soon, his entire being suddenly trembled. When a large amount of black coloured impurities were secreted from the sweat pores on his whole body, his internal spirit power was like ten thousand stampeding horses that circulated throughout his body.

This spirit power was getting more and more majestic, and finally, it converged together, like a rolling big river, all the way until it formed an enormous dragon which roared towards the heavens.

Bai Xiaochun’s whole body began to shake; an image of a Dragon-Elephant abruptly materialised behind him. As it began transforming at a high speed, Bai Xiaochun suddenly opened his lightning-like eyes; an imperceptible booming sound echoed out from his body. Only he could percieve this ear-splitting heavenly thunder like sound.

“The second layer of the Dragon-Elephant’s Ocean Forming Scripture!”

“The Tenth Layer of Qi Condensation!”

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath; he could feel the boundless spirit power inside his body. It was almost double the amount he had at the ninth layer of Qi Condensation. The moment he stood up, he could feel the changes in his spirit power. He made finger gestures and a purple cauldron instantaneously appeared.

Bai Xiaochun was estastic and gestured with his finger once again. Another large cauldron appeared beside this purple cauldron. Following this, yet another one had appeared! These three cauldrons were Bai Xiaochun’s limit; they began to revolve around Bai Xiaochun’s surroundings. Bai Xiaochun faced the sky and began to laugh as a flash flew out of his body; he flourished the Golden Crow Sword in his hand, and a blaze immediately dispersed. In an instant, the area of three zhang circling him had become a fire prison.

Moreover, there seemed to be a Golden Crow Firebird, which was born by bathing within the fire; it was exuding an extremely strong aura.

The smile on Bai Xiaochun’s face almost instantly became much wider, and with a wave of his sleeve, all of his techniques disappeared. He took a deep breath and felt that he had already become a true expert.

“Foundation Establishment… is already very near. Just wait until I reach the peak of Qi Condensation, then I can try for the Foundation Establishment!” As Bai Xiaochun thought about the increased lifespan of Foundation Establishment, he became extremely excited.

He hurriedly cleaned off the impurities on his body and used half a day to adapt to the boundless spirit power that he had after increasing his cultivation. Only then did he return to the back courtyard in high spirits and sat in a cross-legged position in front of the Rearing Beast Seed.

“My cultivation has broken through. Now, all that’s missing is this Rearing Beast Seed.

“Haha, my dream is finally going to be realised.”

“After all. The Spirit of Life is an illusion created by the secret technique. However, this Rearing Beast Seed is completely different; this is a seed that can birth a real combat beast!”

“I want to breed the… most powerful fighting beast that has the strongest points of every beast! With this, all of my goals within the North Bank will be completed!”

In the blink of an eye, more than ten days passed. Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes widely, blankly staring at this Rearing Beast Seed which had no branches nor trunk; there was only an enormous flower bud. He only knew about the Rearing Beast Seed through reading materials, but after all, this was the first time he planted one, and so, he felt that it was inconceivable.

Seven days ago, the branches and trunk were unable to support the flower bud. In the middle of Bai Xiaochun’s nervousness, the braches and trunk unexpectedly started to transform, and after it merged with the flower bud, this flower bud seemed to be growing bigger and bigger on the ground.

Now, it was already more than six zhang, looking like an enormous steamed bun…

Bai Xiaochun swallowed his saliva and retreated a few steps, continuing to guard it. Three days later, when a strong and fragrant aroma diffused outwards, Bai Xiaochun immediately opened his eyes, looking at this ‘steamed bun’ that had already grown to nine zhang.

The mouth of the steamed bun slightly opened a fist-sized crack on it, and that fragrant aroma came from this opening.

“A dense spirit aroma will be wafted out, and the Rearing Beast Seed will split open. This is what was recorded in the reading materials. This is the appearance of the Rearing Beast Seed when it fully matures and is able to produce a Rearing Beast!” Bai Xiaochun hurriedly rose and walked around the Rearing Beast Seed, carefully looking at it. His eyes had a light in them, and after he pondered, he immediately went outside. After a half a day, he returned and that Scarlet Flying Tiger was following him.

This Scarlet Flying Tiger originally looked around with a curious face, but when it followed Bai Xiaochun to the back courtyard, its body suddenly trembled, and unexpectedly, a strong light appeared in its eyes. At this moment, it was though it had seen its mother. With a loud roar, its body suddenly charged out, directly into the Rearing Beast Flower.

In the instant when it got close to the Rearing Beast Flower, the flower’s mouth suddenly enlarged; it swallowed the Scarlet Flying Tiger within the blink of an eye.

Bai Xiaochun was still pondering about how to rear this Rearing Beast Flower, and he suddenly opened his eyes widely upon seeing this scene; he immediately went forward. Although he could not see the outline of the Scarlet Flying Tiger in the flower bud, he could see the traces of its body budging, and so he relaxed, curiously waiting by its side.

This wait lasted for two hours before the flower bud loosened, and that Flying Tiger climbed out of it. Its four limbs were trembling. Intoxication appeared in its eyes, as if it wanted to go in again, however, it was grabbed by Bai Xiaochun and taken out of the formation array.

When he returned, he was followed by an enormous bear, and quickly, its eyes became straight, and with a loud roar, it charged to the Rearing Beast Flower…

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 - This Is All For Dedication
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 131 - This Is All For Dedication

Bai Xiaochun clasped his hands behind his back as he stood outside the courtyard. He gazed at the huge bear which was walking away with a hint of infatuation within his eyes. The bear looked back at least three times in each step, as if it was reluctant to part with him. Bai Xiaochun felt deeply moved and believed he had done a good deed.

Thus, every single time Bai Xiaochun went out during the following half a month, he would consistently bring back a spirit beast which he had carefully chosen. He watched as the Rearing Beast Flower swallow those spirit beasts, then those spirit beasts would leave with an infatuated and reluctant look. Within half a month, he had chosen almost 200 spirit beasts for the Rearing Beast Flower to swallow.

As for the following two hundred spirit beasts, Bai Xiaochun wouldn’t choose any of them, unless it was a special spirit beast.

At the end, he wanted to nurture the strongest combat beast possible, and so the ones that he had chosen were either strong or had enormous potential.

At the end, all of the spirit beasts that had dedicated themselves were unexpectedly gathered outside the formation array of Bai Xiaochun’s pavilion. Every time they saw Bai Xiaochun come out, they would all howl, wishing that they could have another chance to enter again.

“Not possible, giving your energy once is enough, if you give more, it will harm your bodies.” Bai Xiaochun steeled his heart and refused. This went on for another few days, and even the pangolin had came to dedicate its energy. After that, Bai Xiaochun realised that there were no more beasts within the Hundred Beasts Courtyard that he could choose anymore.

He was especially worried because he knew that the blossoming period of the Rearing Beast Flower wasn’t that long, and once this period of time passed, it would start producing its offspring.

“This won’t do, these beasts aren’t enough to cultivate the strongest combat beast that I want.” When Bai Xiaochun thought of this, he hurriedly left the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. While he was previously walking around the North Bank to observe spirit beasts, the understanding that he had towards the spirit beasts of the disciples of the North Bank was not considered as perfect, but he still had a rough impression of them. He knew which disciple’s combat beasts had a huge potential, and he knew which of them had a strong combat beast.

“I remember that there was an outer sect disciple that had a peacock as her combat beast? It seemed to have a high potential, this peacock should be fine?” Bai Xiaochun quickly went to the living quarters of that female disciple.

Only after he waited there for half a day did he then see that this female disciple’s reputation was not small. When the beautiful disciple returned, Bai Xiaochun immediately used what he thought was the most gentle smile and quickly walked up to her, tactfully expressing his wish to pay some contribution points to let him borrow his peacock, so it could dedicate something special for him. Besides the Rearing Beast Flower, he detailedly told her everything else.

Bai Xiaochun was worried that the other party would reject him, and so, he even gave another line of explanation.

“Don’t worry, whatever your combat beast would dedicate will absolutely not hurt it. You don’t know, but all the other combat beasts that had given it before would be infatuated and would want to go again. But I was worried that it would severely harm their Yuan Qi, and so I rejected them.

That female disciple was originally at a loss and didn’t know what ‘dedicating’ meant. But after she listened, her eyes went wide, blankly looking at the Bai Xiaochun in front of her. Finally, fear appeared in her eyes.

“You… you lewd and evil thief.” She didn’t know what to say, and she stamped her feet, hurriedly leaving.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned for a moment, he slightly felt wronged.

“Am I not just borrowing it for a moment? If you don’t agree, then that’s fine. But you actually scolded me and called me a lewd and evil thief. I, Bai Xiaochun, am not a lewd and evil thief!” Bai Xiaochun was gloomy, so he just decided to go to the next person. But after several days, he had found over a hundred people, but unexpectedly, not even a single one agreed. And there were even many people that had a weird look in their eyes when they looked at him.

Bai Xiaochun sighed. He was thinking in his mind that since everyone doesn’t agree, then it was fine. Its hopeless anyway, and he could only settle for second best and use the other beasts in the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

But just at the moment when Bai Xiaochun was about to give up, a rumor was spread within the sect. When many disciples looked at Bai Xiaochun, they would have a weird look and would whisper in another person’s ear, all discussing about him.

“Did you hear? Bai Xiaochun has an unusual hobby…”

“During these few days, he’s been trying to borrow combat beasts from everyone, saying something about dedicating. You don’t know the meaning of dedicating, come, I’ll give you an explanation!”

“It’s actually this meaning. Heavens. Bai Xiaochun is actually, with beasts... heavens, this can’t be true.”

This rumour was spontaneous, as if this rumour contained all of the malice of the disciples of the North Bank after they couldn’t do anything about Bai Xiaochun. This rumour got worse and worse, and by the end, even the meaning of it had changed. Only, the disciples of the North Bank were extremely interested by this rumour and spread it with an extremely fast speed. Several days later, almost a great majority of disciples had heard of this matter.

“Do you know why Bai Xiaochun came to the North Bank? It’s because he has a special love for beasts.”

“I’ve finally understood. The reason why he could research and create that Aphrodisiac Pill is actually this reason. Because he wants it, so he develops it…”

“Heaven’s Chosen all have strange hobbies. I’m just curious, his targets don’t seem to be female beasts, but male beasts?”

“Heavens, you even thought of this. Hush… we should quiet down a bit. I’ve faintly guessed a reason…”

Bai Xiaochun had also heard these rumours, and he turned muddleheaded. The most outrageous thing was, one evening, when night had descended, he had seen a female disciple carrying a blue eyed black cat. He merely curiously looked at it a bit more, and that female disciple unexpectedly shrieked and quickly ran away.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned and felt extremely wronged. He wanted to explain it to them, but he realised that these people would seem to suddenly see the light after he explained it to them, yet they would still secretly spread the rumours even more.

“You guys are bullying too much!” Bai Xiaochun was angry.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, don’t have it easy! I had to come alone to the North Bank to cultivate, and I’ve been cautious the whole time, not daring to offend anyone, staying low! But you guys actually bullied me like this! And you guys also slandered me!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes turned red as he clenched his teeth.

“This is what you have forced me to do! Since you are slandering me, those beasts of yours, I’ll take it myself!” When Bai Xiaochun’s rage was burning, he suddenly heard a sound of wind behind him. When he turned his head, he saw that there was nothing behind him, just a big tree not far away that was swaying.

Following that, there was a black shadow that unexpectedly used an extremely fast speed to charge directly at him at the moment that he turned his head. That black shadow’s target was his lower abdomen… It suddenly used its mouth to ruthlessly bite down, as if it wanted to thoroughly bite it off to pieces.

Fortunately, Bai Xiaochun was presently at the tenth layer of Qi Condensation, and his mind was clear, especially after achieving enlightenment. It also seemed like his senses had improved a lot; he immediately felt that something was not right and suddenly retreated.

Chi! Chi! In the instant that he retreated, a large mouth that was full of dense, sharp teeth was only half a zhang away from Bai Xiaochun’s body, directly biting the air where he once stood. The strength of that bite was too great, actually causing a sonic boom and carried boundless hatred.

This black shadow was precisely that Nocturnal Beast. It was nighttime, and its speed was much greater than its speed during the day. Seeing that its second sneak attack against Bai Xiaochun was still not successful, this big Nocturnal Beasts immediately turned around and ran away without the slightest hesitation.

“It's you again!” Bai Xiaochun’s scalp was already numb, and cold sweat was dripping on his forehead. He could only feel that there was a chill behind his back. Earlier, if he was just a bit slower in his dodging, he would've been directly bitten by that Nocturnal Beast.

Once he thought about the consequences of being bitten, Bai Xiaochun’s mind trembled. He didn't dare to test out the Undying Longevity Technique to bet his...

“This damned Nocturnal Family. It almost exterminated an Honourable Family!” Bai Xiaochun looked at the Nocturnal Beast running away, and his rage immediately overflowed the heavens.

“This is too much bullying! It's fine that the disciples of the North Bank are bullying me, but you, a mere black dog, actually dare to bully me too! Last time, I pitied you. This time, you won't run away!” Bai Xiaochun angrily roared as wings appeared on his back. His body flashed, and his speed explosively increased as he instantly chased after the dog.

One man and one beast were quickly playing a game of tag in the North Bank.

That Nocturnal Beast’s speed was just as quick as Bai Xiaochun’s flying speed, and it was more familiar with the terrain here. Bai Xiaochun chased after it for an hour, but even until the sky was already thoroughly dark, he still hadn't caught up with it. Originally, he was already angry, but after being sneak attacked by this Nocturnal Beast and discovering that he couldn't catch up, his anger once again surged.

This Nocturnal Beast had already taken second place in the rankings of things he hated in his heart. The third rank was Elder Zhou’s bird. As for the first rank… except for that parroting rabbit that would appear and disappear randomly, there wouldn't be anything that could take its place.

(ED Note: Bai Xiaochun… Ultimate V.???)

“Even if you run to the ends of the earth, I will continue chasing you!” Bai Xiaochun’s whole body suddenly flashed, and his Undying Longevity Art was stimulated to the limit. The sweeping motion of the wings on his back also had bursts of Magnetic Yuan Force appear, and in this instant, the speed of his entire body explosively increased by twofold.

With a boom, he directly turned into a blur, instantly shortening the distance between them. That Nocturnal Beast was not making a single sound, and it was about to dig into a cave. However, before its whole body entered, Bai Xiaochun had already approached and grabbed it.

In the instant that he grabbed the Nocturnal Beast, its eyeballs turned red. With madness, it directly turned its head, ignoring its own safety to aggressively charge at Bai Xiaochun’s lower abdomen, trying to bite him again.

Previously, when it tried to sneak attack, the Nocturnal Beast was unable to succeed, and nothing more was needed to be said when Bai Xiaochun was currently full of anger. Before the Nocturnal Beast could bite him, it let out a cry as its neck was directly clamped by Bai Xiaochun.

His hands were like metal clamps, and despite how much the Nocturnal Beast struggled, it was unable to break free.

“Humph, I'll make you aware what’s terrifying this time!” Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth and directly headed to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. Quickly, he arrived at the pavilion When he was currently pondering how to punish this Nocturnal Beast, he suddenly swept his gaze across the Rearing Beast Flower.

His mind shook, and Bai Xiaochun cunningly laughed. He threw this Nocturnal Beast forward, and it was instantly swallowed by the Rearing Beast Flower.

After two hours, the Rearing Beast Flower loosened, and the Nocturanl Beast climbed out of it. There was still madness and hate in its eyes, but now it also had a strange expression. After it saw Bai Xiaochun, it still wanted to charge and tear him apart, however, it was caught by Bai Xiaochun and was thrown again into the Rearing Beast Flower.

Another two hours passed. When the Nocturnal Beast appeared again, its madness was still present, so it was thrown inside again by Bai Xiaochun.

After four times, when the Nocturnal Beast appeared again, its legs had gone soft as it lied there panting.

“Scared now?” Bai Xiaochun coldly snorted.

“Provoke me again, I…” Before Bai Xiaochun finished speaking, that Nocturnal Beast suddenly raised its head and forcefully tried to charge and bite Bai Xiaochun. Bai Xiaochun immediately flew into a rage and once again threw the Nocturnal Beast into the Rearing Beast Flower several times consecutively. Added onto the previous four times, he had thrown the Nocturnal Beast inside the Rearing Beast Flower 9 times.

After nine times, the body of the Nocturnal Beast had shrunk, and it was already listless. When Bai Xiaochun grabbed it again, the Nocturnal Beast let out a mournful cry, and Bai Xiaochun’s heart also became soft as it struggled.

“Are you scared now? In the future, don't provoke me. I also had no choice during that time in the Heaven’s Chosen War,” Bai Xiaochun warned it, and only then did he threw the Nocturnal Beast out of the pavilion then into the distance. The Nocturnal Beast used its little remaining strength to hurriedly run away. When it got to a secluded place, it stopped. A confused look appeared in its eyes, and faintly, it seemed to recall the aftertaste...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week. College happened, and we’ll try to catch up within the next few days.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 - The Hereditary Blood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 132 - The Hereditary Blood

Gazing at the distant figure of the Nocturnal Beast, Bai Xiaochun was extremely pensive. Just a moment before, he was observing the scene and was able to see that the Nocturnal Beast’s body was slowly shirinking. This obvious scene allowed Bai Xiaochun to have a certain understanding towards the Rearing Beast Flower’s blooming period. During this, he also pondered about the fragrant aroma that released as it bloomed.

“There exists an odor within the Rearing Beast Flower which causes their victims to experience hallucinations. It caused the various types of different spirit beasts to be in an illusory world and when the spirit beast’s qi and blood are most vigorous, it extracts a trace of their life source; their hereditary blood. It uses this to undergo metamorphosis. This was the reason why the Nocturnal Beast slowly wasted away… It was different from spirit beasts, and the illusory world that would cause its blood and qi to turn vigorous was also different from spirit beasts. But no matter what the Rearing Beast Flower did, its purpose was to make these spirit beasts lose their resistance while they were hallucinating.”

“It’s truly worthy of being the extremely scarce Rearing Beast Seed… To a certain degree, its existence surpasses all the other spirit beasts!” Bai Xiaochun’s mind shook as he gradually began to understand.

It was the same as how mosquitos would release a numbing feeling as it absorbed blood. This Rearing Beast Blood would release an excited feeling while it absorbed of the spirit beasts’ Hereditary Blood.

Time passed, and seven days later, Bai Xiaochun saw that not many days of the Rearing Beast Flower’s blooming period were left. If he didn’t have the Rearing Beast Seed absorb the Hereditary Blood of more high quality beasts, then it would be wasting this precious treasure.

Bai Xiaochun once again thought about the slandering that the disciples of the North Bank had given him, causing him to clench his teeth. Late into the moonless night, when the gales were at its strongest, he quietly left the Hundred Beasts Courtyard without a trace.

“Although I haven’t done this sort of thing for a long time... and although doing these kinds of things, with my status, is losing too much face… I have no choice.” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened as he floated around the North Bank, heading directly towards a residence. His speed was too fast, and in the instant he stepped into the house, a beautiful peacock, which was currently resting in the residence, had its neck grabbed by a small hand, not even giving it the chance to sense the danger of its surroundings.

This peacock was about to struggle to get free, but its body was dragged by a huge force, and it could not make the slightest bit of noise. Its body turned soft and it was incapable of struggling. It could only allow Bai Xiaochun to lift it and quickly leave.

Bai Xiaochun glanced left and right; he was very vigilant. After he sensed that no one was paying attention, he charged into the next area. In an instant, besides the peacock in his hands, there was an extra beast; a green python. This did not end, and he continued onwards.

After some time, Bai Xiaochun returned to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard after toiling away for long hours. His left hand was carrying a peacock and his right hand was holding a Night Panther; his armpit had a White Monkey clamped between it, and his body had a Green Python wrapped around it as he excitedly returned.

“A big harvest!” Bai Xiaochun was excited. He knew that time was an urgent matter, and as a result, after he tied up these combat beasts in the back courtyard, he immediately threw the peacock into the Rearing Beast Flower.

Looking at the Rearing Beast Flower swallowing the peacock, Bai Xiaochun was excitedly waiting by its side. Not long after, the peacock was spat out. Unexpectedly, infatuation didn’t appear in its eyes, and instead, it was immersing itself in the beauty in its memories. Clearly, the illusory world that it entered was different from other beasts. Without waiting for it to react, Bai Xiaochun hurriedly grabbed it and threw the Green Python into the Rearing Beast Flower. Soon after, he carried the peacock and quickly left, returning the peacock to the owner’s residence.

This time, the peacock didn’t cry out or struggle, and it even tried to curry favour with Bai Xiaochun by rubbing its head on him while he was carrying it. Expectation appeared in its eyes, as if it wished that Bai Xiaochun would take it again next time.

“If you get one strand of your Hereditary Blood absorbed, there won’t be any problems. However, if you lose more, then it won’t be good. Be obedient. Right… and don’t tell your owner,” Bai Xiaochun strictly spoke while suppressing his voice and immediately ran off.

During this night, Bai Xiaochun had to do the same thing over and over again, sending off the Green Phyton, the White Monkey, and the Night Panther to their respective owners. When the sun rose, he felt very tired. When he thought about the reluctant and infatuated looks on those combat beasts at the end, Bai Xiaochun felt that he had done a good deed.

Especially when he saw the thriving Rearing Beast Flower, he was even more satisfied.

“I did something that made the combat beasts satisfied. The Rearing Beast Flower was satisfied. And I am also satisfied. This shows that I am indeed doing a good deed!” Bai Xiaochun was very happy today, and when the moonlight descended again, he faced the wind, lifted his chin and continued walking outside.

He did this for several days in a row. He could already do this easily, like a walk in the park. He didn’t care whether it was an inner sect disciple or an outer sect disciple, they were all his targets. Every night, he would choose four beasts at most. If he chose more, he wouldn’t be able to make it back in time before the sun rose.

Since Bai Xiaochun was cautious, and also because his cultivation was profound, giving rise to an incredible speed, he had no problems at all during these few days. Only, during the day, those combat beasts which had been secretly ‘dedicated’ would immediately be in high spirits after seeing Bai Xiaochun, wanting to curry favour with him.

Their owners were all dumbstruck while looking at their combat beasts, which were previously bad to Bai Xiaochun, actually trying to curry favour with him now. They were all flabbergasted, and when they communicated with their own combat beasts, unexpectedly, none of the combat beasts gave them a reply.

This went on for half a month. The pleased Bai Xiaochun looked at his Rearing Beast Flower which had followed his plan and unceasingly obtained the Hereditary Blood of different spirit beasts. His strongest combat beast was also steadily developing, and so, he would do his very best every night.

During this night, the black clouds in the sky covered the bright moon, and it was pitch-black everywhere. Bai Xiaochun was holding a hedgehog in his hands, and he was carrying a fierce cow on his shoulders, subduing them. After making them unable to cry out, he quietly and invisibly approached a residence.

“Blue-eyed Black Cat…” A strange light appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. He had always been thinking of this combat beast. At this moment, he was about to approach its residence. when suddenly, within the pitch black courtyard, a pair of blue eyes opened, and a low roar, as if it was a cat’s meow, echoed throughout the quiet night.

“So vigilant!” Bai Xiaochun was surprised. This meow spread out in all directions, causing many people to be woken with a start. Bai Xiaochun quickly retreated, but at this moment, that Blue-eyed Black Cat suddenly charged directly at Bai Xiaochun, as if it wanted to obstruct him from running away.

Its eyes, which were unexpectedly human-like, showed ridicule in them.

Bai Xiaochun was angry. If it was any other time, taking care of this Blue-eyed Black Cat would be very easy. However, at this moment, he feared that he would be detected, so he anxiously spread out the wings on his back, using his full speed to escape before anyone appeared.

That meow carried a penetrative force, and Bai Xiaochun was in a tight corner during the whole journey. He had to avoid the appearing disciples of the North Bank, and he finally escaped after great difficulties. Walking on the small road leading to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, he clenched his teeth while thinking about the Blue-eyes Black Cat.

“I have to think of a way. That black cat is too vigilant.” Bai Xiaochun currently had a headache. Suddenly, his expression changed, and his body quickly dodged as a shadow whistled past him from the side. At that moment, a teeth grating sound echoed out.

“IT’S YOU AGAIN!” Previously, Bai Xiaochun was already extremely angry. At this moment, when he saw this shadow, which was exactly that Nocturnal Beast, he immediately got even angrier.

During the previous two sneak attacks by this Nocturnal Beast, it would immediately escape after it missed. This time, it didn’t run away, and instead, it carried madness and savageness, as well as hatred, as it unexpectedly once again charged at him.

If it escaped using its extremely agile body and the special characteristics of the Nocturnal Beast, it would have an extremely fast speed, which would force Bai Xiaochun to use his full strength, and even then, he would need some time before catching up to it. This time, it didn’t even run away and was quickly subdued by Bai Xiaochun.

“I’m still lacking a beast tonight. I’ll just use you as a replacement!” Bai Xiaochun hatefully spoke, carrying the unceasingly struggling Nocturnal Beast. He returned to the courtyard and first let the fierce cow and the hedgehog ‘dedicate’ themselves, before he finally threw that violent Nocturnal Beast, which was still struggling, into the Rearing Beast Flower.

Once he had sent away the fierce cow as well as the hedgehog and had returned, he used his time for the day to release his ruthlessness, preparing to give this Nocturnal Beast a lesson that it would never forget; he would make this beast dedicate itself fifteen times in a row.

At the end, this Nocturnal Beast was already dying, before it got viciously thrown out by Bai Xiaochun.

“If you dare to sneak attack me again next time, I'll make you become dog shit!” Bai Xiaochun angrily spoke. That Nocturnal Beast picked itself up with great effort and ran into the forest. When Bai Xiaochun couldn't see it anymore, it lay in the darkness, sticking its tongue out to lick its lips, a deep intoxication unexpectedly appearing in its eyes.

Another several days passed, and Bai Xiaochun was still moving around in the deep night. Merely, the vigilance of the Blue-eyed Black Cat made Bai Xiaochun have a big headache. He thought about making a ruthless move, but he discovered that this black cat actually hid in its owner’s room, not even daring to come out.

This made Bai Xiaochun very helpless. Although he was unwilling to, he could only give up and choose other beasts. However, he was always remembering that cat in his heart. Late at night, after he sent a toad beast back to its owner and was on his way back, his footsteps suddenly paused. A shadow instantly charged out from the side of his body, and the familiar grating sound once again echoed out.

It was the Nocturnal Beast again. It stood there in high spirits, and it also didn't run away this time. Instead, it exposed viciousness in its teeth, as if it wanted to charge towards Bai Xiaochun again.

Bai Xiaochun was shocked and was shaken by the persistence of this Nocturnal Beast. Following that, Bai Xiaochun felt that it was weird. During the third time that it sneak attacked him, Bai Xiaochun didn't think more of it, but now, he had somehow carefully thought about it. This big dog still hadn't ran away and had completely given up on its speed. It was to the point that when it was sneak attacking him just now, the feeling that it had given Bai Xiaochun seemed to have been somewhat perfunctory. The strength of the bite was also miles away from the savage mess of the previous sneak attacks.

“You're doing this on purpose!” Bai Xiaochun shouted in astonishment.

This Nocturnal Beast was originally about to charge out, but after hearing this sentence, its footsteps paused, and it stopped, its eyes looking towards Bai Xiaochun. It also didn't let out a low growl, didn't grind its teeth, and didn't even charge out; it just had a straight gaze at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun's expression turned strange. When he ignored the Nocturnal Beast and walked around it, the Nocturnal Beast unexpectedly followed him. It followed him all the way until Bai Xiaochun returned to the pavilion and returned to the courtyard.

Once it arrived, the black dog’s tail unexpectedly shook excitedly, and it charged towards the Rearing Beast Flower, actually… jumping into it.

Bai Xiaochun was incredibly shocked, his expression gradually became even weirder. Especially when he saw that after the Nocturnal Beast finished dedicating itself, it crawled over and unexpectedly didn't leave, once again jumping back inside the Rearing Beast Flower. Going back and forth till the dawn of very next day, this Nocturnal Beast had unexpectedly dedicated itself seven or eight times.

“This… this… so much Hereditary Blood... Do you not want your life anymore? Damn it! What illusory realm did you enter?” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and grabbed the Nocturnal Beast that was once again about to throw itself. Bai Xiaochun hurriedly threw it out, he was about to threaten it, but Bai Xiaochun’s heart slightly shook, so he changed his mind.

“I know that you can understand my words. I'll tell you what, if you want to come again next time, don't sneak attack me. Instead, go catch that Blue-eyed Black Cat, and I'll let you dedicate yourself again!”

The Nocturnal Beast was limping and was about to leave, but after it heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, its footsteps paused and it turned its head around to look at him. Then, it turned its head around to run into the distance.

Several days later, late at night, Bai Xiaochun was about to go outside, looking for beasts. Just when he was about to leave the pavilion, he suddenly heard a familiar bark echoing out from outside the door...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

TLCed by: Ash

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch, MantouInv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 - Little One, Don’t Try Anymore
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 133 - Little One, Don’t Try Anymore

Bai Xiaochun walked outside and took a look. Outside the formation array of the pavilion, a black dog was pompusly standing outside, and within its claws, it was exactly that extremely vigilant Blue-Eyed Black Cat. Only, this black cat was currently dispirited and depressed.

The moment the Nocturnal Beast saw Bai Xiaochun, it became even more pleased as it loudly cried out. Bai Xiaochun immediately opened the formation array. The moment the formation array opened, the Nocturnal Beast instantly charged inside, straight towards the Rearing Beast Flower.

Bai Xiaochun was stunned for a moment, and felt that this Nocturnal Beast’s illusory world was definitely different from ordinary ones.

“It really doesn’t want its life!” Bai Xiaochun sighed and appeared in front of the Blue-eyed Black Cat. Only after he saw that this combat beast had already collapsed from exhaustion, with only a meager amount of energy and had no ability to resist, did he carry it and return to the back courtyard.

He waited for half a day… All the way until the Nocturnal Beast had jumped into the Rearing Beast Flower ten times. Then, Bai Xiaochun grabbed it and threw it out. He was currently extremely worried and scared that if this Nocturnal Beast kept on giving its Ancestor’s Origin Blood, the result of his plan to make the strongest combat beast, would finally result in a… small Nocturnal Beast.

The moment he thought about this possibility, Bai Xiaochun turned nervous and decided to make sure that this Nocturnal Beast absolutely couldn’t dedicate itself anymore. He then quickly threw the Blue-eyed Black Cat into the Rearing Beast Flower.

During the following half a month, the Nocturnal Beast seemed to have understood the rules, and thus, it brought a very depressed combat beast with it every time it came. After it cried out a few times and waited for Bai Xiaochun to open the door, it would skilfully charge inside immediately.

And every time, Bai Xiaochun would always be thinking of rejecting the Nocturnal Beast. However, every time he saw the spirit beasts that the Nocturnal Beast brought along, his mind would give in.

“This Nocturnal Beast must be omniscient. How does it know that these beasts are the ones that I want to catch? If only their owners weren’t so strict, them being placed in Rearing Beast Pouches or their owners’ inner sect caves...” Bai Xiaochun was simply unable to refuse it. This Nocturnal Beast seemed to have accurately caught Bai Xiaochun’s heart. The beasts that it brought along every time were all beasts that had previously made Bai Xiaochun’s heart moved. And one time, it actually dragged a combat beast that belonged to an elder of the Setting Sun Mountain.

“Damn it, if it’s like this, how can I persuade it to stop? How long has this Nocturnal Beast been stalking me to know me so well?"

Bai Xiaochun lamented and turned his head to look at the Nocturnal Beast inside the Rearing Beast Flower that wasn’t moving at all. He felt that this Nocturnal Beast was not only extremely smart, it even had a valiant strength, especially its speed. Otherwise, it would not be able to defeat those beasts and drag them over here.

“It’s fine. This is also a pitiful fellow. After all, I have previously caused trouble for it. If it brings over these types of combat beasts every time, then letting it dedicate itself for a few more times would be fine. Only, me not letting it continue would also be for its own good.” Bai Xiaochun shook his head and stopped paying attention to the Nocturnal Beast. Rather, he just turned his gaze and looked towards the four great mountains.

“I require even stronger combat beasts… the guardian beasts of the four great mountains should be the best.” Bai Xiaochun licked his lips and immediately left the pavilion; he went to the stone cave in the Ancient Beast Abyss to refine pills.

At the same time, many disciples of the North Bank felt that something was wrong during this period of time. They felt that their combat beasts were acting strangely. They were often crying out at night, as if they were calling for someone.

Especially that Blue-eyed Black Cat, which now had a higher pitch when it meowed; it would occasionally look like it was recalling something, as if it had become the supreme king of all beasts inside that illusory world. Even a domineering tone had appeared in its voice, which echoed out in all directions, making people have no peace of mind when they were resting. The owner of this black cat was even more nervous and didn’t know what had happened to her own combat beast.

And these kinds of incidents were increasing in the sect…

Gradually, most of the disciples of the North Bank started to look for the cause…

Several days later, Bai Xiaochun walked out from the medicine refining stone cave, satisfied as he held many pills that could attract spirit beasts. He waited until night descended and quickly went outside. The first place that he went to was the Iricdaceae Mountain. After he reached the mountaintop, he had had some nervousness in his heart. He headed towards the cave where the Seven-Coloured Phoenix was in, and thought to first curry favour with it. And so, he threw a Grade 3 spirit medicine into the cave.

But the moment he threw the pill, it immediately bounced back and struck Bai Xiaochun’s stomach. The force in that rebound was extremely great. Fortunately, Bai Xiaochun’s skin was rough and his meat was thick. While his face slightly changed as he retreated a few steps back, the head of the Seven-Coloured Phoenix slowly extended out from the pitch-black cave. It proudly glanced at Bai Xiaochun, disdain appearing in its eyes.

It wasn’t disdainful towards Bai Xiaochun as a person, and was instead disdainful towards his action of throwing out the pill.

That appearance seemed to be obviously telling Bai Xiaochun that it absolutely would not eat a stranger’s pill.

Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes and let out a dry cough.

“Senior Phoenix, this pill is very nice to eat… But if you don’t like it, it also doesn’t matter, just follow me, I’ll take you to a nice place. All of your dreams can become reality there.” When Bai Xiaochun put on a cute look while explaining, that phoenix suddenly waved its wings, and a gale swept over. Bai Xiaochun who got hit by the wind had to continuously retreat, and he almost fell off a cliff, causing his heart to tremble as he desparately stopped his body.

That Seven-Coloured Phoenix coldly glared at Bai Xiaochun, as if it was warning him. Only after it did that, did it slowly return to its cave.

“Fine, fine, this Seven-Coloured Phoenix’s temper is too bad. I’ll just go to the Setting Sun Mountain to look around; that Three-Eyed Black Crow shouldn’t have such a bad temper.” Bai Xiaochun had a slight headache, but he was still determined. That very night, he went to the Setting Sun Mountain and stood in front of that Three Eyed Crow’s cave, planning to try again.

But after half an incense stick’s worth of time, Bai Xiaochun’s scalp turned numb as he rapidly escaped. There were flashes of black light behind him; that Three-Eyed Black Crow actually chased after him, as if it was trying to chase Bai Xiaochun off the mountain. Only then did a proud look surface in its eyes, as it turned around and flew back.

“I hate birds the most, humph, the temper of birds are the worst. Elder Zhou’s bird will also falsely accuse people.” Bai Xiaochun deeply felt wronged. He felt that he had sent the pills with good intentions, but these birds kept bullying him like this.

But for the sake of breeding out the strongest combat beast, Bai Xiaochun was not willing to give up. And so, his gaze fell on the Sky Mountain with a look of expectation.

“With one look, I can see that the big lizard is quite honest and its stomach is so big, it should prefer to eat a lot…I can’t say for sure whether I need to use some tricks.” Bai Xiaochun was immediately excited and quickly went to the Sky Mountain. But quickly, he sullenly returned; his clothes were already torn apart.

That big lizard simply did not care about the pill that Bai Xiaochun threw over. And when Bai Xiaochun got worried and threw a few more pills, unexpectedly, the thing that directly charged towards Bai Xiaochun was a claw.

The frightened Bai Xiaochun hurriedly escaped, and his clothes had been scraped by the claws of the big lizard. Although he had not suffered any injuries on his body, he was still in a sorry state.

As for the last mountain guarding beast, the Mountain Ghost of the Ghost Tooth Mountain, Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a long time, before resolutely stamping his feet. He flew over to the Ghost Tooth Mountain on the following night. On the contrary, the Mountain Ghost’s temper was the best, and looked at Bai Xiaochun, yet at the same, he just directly ignored his existence, as well as the pills that he threw out.

Bai Xiaochun waited for a whole night and failed to see any results. The second day passed, and the three days had successively passed. Bai Xiaochun could only sullenly give up.

“These four great mountain guarding beasts, each and every one of them look down on people!” Bai Xiaochun sighed deeply. Now he had a miserable appearance outside of the pavilion. In the entire North Bank, except for some people that Bai Xiaochun was unable to provoke or some beasts that were kept inside the Rearing Beast Pouch the whole time and was simply not taken out by the owner, almost every single combat beast that had some value had already been dedicated. As for the elder’s beasts, they had also been successively dragged over by the Nocturnal Beast.

But regarding the four great mountain guarding beasts, Bai Xiaochun had failed all of his attempts, making him extremely dispirited. Especially now that over half of the Rearing Beast Flower’s blossoming period had passed, Bai Xiaochun became increasingly worried,

“The combat beast that I wish to nurture is an unprecedented combat beast. Since the four great guardian mountain beasts do not agree to help me, I’ll just have to find a combat beast that is even better than them. Within the entire sect, a combat beast that is stronger…en?” Bai Xiaochun was currently muttering in a low voice, when his body suddenly shook. His eyes lit up as he slowly raised his head. At this moment, he was looking towards the Ancient Beast Abyss.

“Even stronger than the four great mountain guarding beast, it is obviously…the sect guarding god beast!”

“Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon…if I can make it dedicate itself, then it will be enough!” His breathing sped up as he began to carefully consider it in his mind.

“If I put it this way, the sect guarding god beast and I can be counted to have some friendly relations. Ever since I’ve arrived here, every time I went to that area to refine medicine, I would always throw some pills into the abyss… Furthermore, the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon is an old person. Although I’ve never seen it before, it has never stopped me from refining pills in that place. This means that… it acknowledges me!” The more Bai Xiaochun thought to himself, the more he felt that his thoughts were reasonable. He got even more excited, and after he tidied up his Storage Pouch, he took a deep breath, flourished his sleeve, and directly went to the Ancient Abyss.

It was easy to drive a car on a familiar road, and to nurture the strongest combat beast, Bai Xiaochun also staked it all. He flew over with an incredible speed. In front of the opening of the mountain stream on the Ancient Beast Abyss, he saw that everything underneath was pitch-black, as if there was a black fog shrouding it. Standing here made him feel that his arms and legs were ice-cold, as if there were bursts of cold air unceasingly rising from the Ancient Beast Abyss.

Bai Xiaochun’s body was slightly shivering. He was nervous that he would fall inside, and so he quickly retreated a few steps. After looking at the abyss, he clenched his teeth and took out a pill, throwing it down.

“Senior Heaven’s Edge, it’s Junior Bai Xiaochun. Does senior remember that I’ve been giving senior pills throughout all these years? That, can senior try this pill’s flavour and see how it tastes like.” Bai Xiaochun nervously spoke. After he waited for half a day and didn’t get a reply, he wondered whether the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon had a different preference, and so, he threw out another Grade 3 spirit medicine.

Quickly, he had thrown out seven or eight different pills, and he also felt some dejection in the bottom of his heart. At the end, he decided to might as well throw the few Aphrodisiac Pills in his storage pouch down there, but he still failed to receive any reply.

“Could it be that the heavens have destined me, Bai Xiaochun, to never be able to breed the strongest combat beast…” Bai Xiaochun took a long sigh and was about to leave with disappointment. But just at this moment, suddenly, the black fog in the abyss below suddenly rolled. At the same time, a voice that brought vissicitudes suddenly echoed out from the abyss below.

“Little one, don’t try anymore…your good intentions have been appreciated by me…but I was already on the verge of dying three thousand years ago… If you can let my withered origin seethe with excitement, even if it’s just for an instant, I can fulfil any condition that you give me!”

“Ah?” Bai Xiaochun opened his eyes widely. His breathing suddenly turned erratic as he turned around.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter from last week.

Translated by: Sean

TLCed by: Ash

Edited by: Arch, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 - The Soul Has Not Dispersed Yet...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 134 - The Soul Has Not Dispersed Yet...

The dense mist within the abyss began to swirl; a pair of eyes gleamed from within. The pair of eyes had a huge number of colour distortions, however, the colour which lingered the longest was the reddish-purple colour. At this moment, the reddish-purple eyes were gazing at Bai Xiaochun.

Only the eyes were visible, however, the difference between its eyes and Bai Xiaochun’s body was not that big. When Bai Xiaochun saw it, he sucked in a deep breath. He wasn’t able to concieve the size of this Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon. He could also vaguely identify the dragon’s horn within the dense mist.

At this moment, he had carefully confirmed that the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon was indeed speaking earlier. He immediately got excited, and after he thought for a bit, he clenched his teeth.

“Senior… be at ease. I will definitely do my best!” Bai Xiaochun turned around and a hint of stubborness was visible within his eyes. This was Bai Xiaochun’s final goal. If he was able to make this Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon dedicate itself once, Bai Xiaochun believed that the strongest combat beast he was aiming for would be perfect.

“If a withered inheritencewants to be boiled over, it will need a strong stimulant. This kind of stimulant… there really isn’t anything that is more superior than the Aphrodisiac Pill!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes instantly became bloodshot as he hastily flew out of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard and directly to the Zhong Dao Mountain. Using his identity and his large amount of contribution points, he redeemed a large amount of medicinal plants.

These medicinal herbs used up virtually half of his contribution points! However, a single storage pouch could only hold so many herbs; this obviously wasn’t enough to hold all of the herbs. Therefore, he could only fit all of the plants by using seven storage pouches. The disciple responsible for the exchange of medicinal grass was dumbstruck. In all the years which he was responsible for exchanging medicinal grass, never once had he seen a person this world-shaking!

Naturally, he had instantly recognised Bai Xiaochun, and after Bai Xiaochun left, this disciple sucked in a deep breath; in his eyes, Bai Xiaochun was a deity.

After Bai Xiaochun obtained the large number of medicinal herbs, he rushed back to the Ancient Beast Abyss in order to fully concentrate on refining medicine. His eyes turned bloodshot and seemed to have already sunk into insanity.

“I want to refine… the Super Aphrodisiac Pill!” Bai Xiaochun fiercely clenched his teeth as he spoke. He desired to increase its medicinal efficacy and change the pill recipe, striving to increase the medicinal efficacy by a hundredfold or perhaps, even a thousandfold!

Time passed, and seven days quickly passed. During these seven days, Bai Xiaochun did not rest in the slightest; his already disheveled hair was displayed as he was completely immersed in refining medicine. Occasionally, the Nocturnal Beast would run over while dragging a combat beast, and every time, Bai Xiaochun would impatiently throw it a jade slip that could only open the formation array once.

The Nocturnal Beast was extremely intelligent; it wore the jade slip across its neck as it dragged the combat beast back to the pavilion, seemingly worried that perhaps, if it was unable to complete the task which Bai Xiaochun had entrusted to it, the Nocturnal Beast would be unable to return. Thus, not only did it dedicated itself, but it also dragged the combat beast to dedicate as well. This simply did not require Bai Xiaochun’s attention. However, since Bai Xiaochun was currently unavailable due to his insane pill refinement, he had no control over the number of times the Nocturnal Beast tried to dedicated itself…

At the same time, the disciples of the North Bank were gradually driven insane. They discovered that their combat beasts would abruptly disappear for a short period of time. However, when they were finally found, they would have strange expressions. Some of them would have a proud expression; they look as if they were the ruler of the world. Some would have an agitated expression, with a scathing murderous intent; and some would be infatuated, as though they were immersing in a boundless aftertaste.They all had different kinds of expressions, and no matter how the owner tried to communicate with it, they would not get an answer.

Following the increase of the number of unnatural combat beasts, there were also some combat beasts, which seemed to have been previously oppressed heavily by their masters and would usually not contradict them, that after being immersed in the illusory world where they were the masters, weren't able control themselves the moment they returned, assuming an imposing manner… This caused the entire North Bank to be thrown into chaos.

“What the hell is going on?!”

“There must be a problem! Find it! We must find the root of this problem!”

The moment this situation occured, even the elders of the North Bank inspected their own combat beasts, noticing that they also had assumed a imposing manner. By the time the elders noticed, the majority of the North Bank’s disciples had already began taking action and started the search for the root of the problem.

Yet another three days passed, and Bai Xiaochun had already turned insane; causing him to look like a devil. The Bai Xiaochun at this moment didn’t fear the Heavens or the Earth, and even ran to the edge of the abyss, asking for a drop of blood from the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon.

If this were another time, Bai Xiaochun would absolutely not dare to do something so dangerous. However, the present him who had sunk into insanity didn’t even consider the consequences of his actions.

After a brief moment of silence, Bai Xiaochun began prompting the dragon impatiently. Following this, a drop of black blood unexpectedly flew out, which was immediately placed into a bottle by Bai Xiaochun, who hastily returned to the stone cave; adding it into the spirit medicine. He then continued to refine medicine.

Five days later, Bai Xiaochun had already continuously spent half a month incessantly refining pills without any rest nor sleep; the super medicinal pill had finally been refined on the evening of this day.

A loud boom echoed out. Bai Xiaochun gazed at the medicinal pill in front of him which was the size of a head; he faced the sky and laughed. Not only was this pill extremely big, it was also extremely heavy.

The instant it was refined, a fragrant aroma spread out in all directions. Within the stone cave, after that Nocturnal Beast, which was currently dragging a combat beast while running, smelled this fragrant aroma, its body suddenly trembled as it let out a wail. Its eyes were red, and it turned its body and directly rushed to leave the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, to some unknown place...

At this moment, due to this fragrant aroma spreading out, countless agitated roars echoed out of the forest in the Hundred Beast Courtyard.

When Bai Xiaochun saw that the mere smell of the pill had such an effect, his laugh became even more resonant. He was incomparably excited, but he felt that this still wasn’t enough. To increase the certainty of its effects, he looked around his surroundings and rapidly left with the pill.

Only after he found a place where no one was paying attention, did he take out the huge black pot, and started to spirit refine. He spirit refined it three times, causing this enormous super pill, that was unprecedented in the entire cultivation world, to turn into a Fine Tier medicine!

“This medicinal pill... will definitely succeed! If it still doesn’t succeed, then I, Bai Xiaochun, will never ever refine another medicinal pill from now on!” Bai Xiaochun was in high spirits and was extremely confident in himself. He brought the medicinal pill back to the Ancient Beast Abyss’ mountain stream, proceeding to throw it down there.

Once the medicinal pill fell into the black mist, it disappeared. Bai Xiaochun stood at the edge of the abyss and slowly waited. An hour quickly passed. Even if Bai Xiaochun was self-confident, he also started to get nervous.

“No way, but that medicine has a medicinal efficacy that is over a thousandfold higher!” Another hour passed; sweat had already appeared on Bai Xiaochun’s forehead. While he was feeling anxious, suddenly, the mist in the abyss below instantly and strongly rolled. There were bursts of world-shaking roars that suddenly came from within the mist, and there was also a gale that swept in all directions. Bai Xiaochun retreated again and again, and when he looked back, a loud booming sound echoed out, and the mist inside the abyss suddenly soared towards the sky.

The mist turned into an enormous Qi Pillar, with countless black threads revolving around it, causing distortions to appear in midair. At the same time, a voice that was pleasantly surprised suddenly echoed out in all directions.

“I’ve finally… felt the boiling of my Hereditary Blood again!” Following the appearance of the sound, the mist pillar suddenly collapsed. When the remnants spread out in all directions, an enormous claw was directly extended from the abyss. Accompanied by an explosion, it grabbed the cliff outside the abyss, and the ground trembled for a moment.

This claw was incomparably pitch-black, and the scales on it were all as big as a person. A dense light appeared on the sharp claw, and an aura that would make people tremble was let out from this claw.

At the same time, an enormous head that resembled a mountain slowly extended outwards from the abyss. That was a black-coloured enormous dragon, and impressively, there was a single horn on the top of its head. Once the horn appeared, the heavens and earth seemed to have turned fuzzy.

Shockingly, this enormous dragons eyes weren’t actually a zhang tall. Once it fully opened its eyes, they became even more enormous, and an endless amount of vicissitudes appeared on its body. It could be seen that there were countless wounds that were already healed on the surrounding areas of the dragon’s head. It could be imagined that this enormous dragon had definitely gone through life and death battles for countless years in the past.

Although it was currently old, the aura on its body hadn’t decreased; instead, it was even stronger. At this moment, it raised its head and let out a long cry, causing all of the monstrous beasts in the entire forest to tremble and lie down, not daring to move at all.

Bai Xiaochun forcefully swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Looking at this incomparably huge and hard to describe dragon, Bai Xiaochun’s legs went soft, and booming sounds unceasingly echoed out in his mind. He knew that it was only half of its body, because clearly, there was still more of its body that remained in the abyss.

It was at this moment when that enormous dragon suddenly looked at Bai Xiaochun. Its enormous head instantly descended and appeared in front of Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun felt that the pressure was too great. The opposite party’s head seemed to have replaced the sky, making Bai Xiaochun nervous. He shouted loudly at once.

“Senior Heaven’s Edge, I am Bai Xiaochun, do you remember me? That medicinal pill was refined by me. It took me half a month to refine it, and it almost costed me my small life to refine it.”

The mouth of the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon opened, as if it was laughing. However, this laugh, from Bai Xiaochun’s point of view, was absolutely horrifying. Without waiting for Bai Xiaochun to speak, this Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon instantly shrunk its body, and under Bai Xiaochun’s gaze, it unexpectedly changed from that enormous body to a three zhang tall black-coloured lizard.

Its change was so distinct that it seemed to have a faint resemblance to the lizard of the Sky Mountain.

This lizard moved in front of Bai Xiaochun and pressed its claw against the earth. Instantly, the surroundings twisted, and when Bai Xiaochun looked clearly again, he was overwhelmed with shock to discover that he had actually returned to the courtyard in the pavillion.

“Sure enough, it's the Rearing Beast Seed. In the instant when this seed was planted here, I felt its aura… Using illusions to enter the soul, using the soul to awaken the origin, and using the origin to condense the Hereditary Blood. Perhaps my bloodline can be passed down through this seed.” The Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon began to lament as it completely ignored Bai Xiaochun. Suddenly, the Heaven Edge Ink Dragon’s silhouette blurred as it approached the Rearing Beast Flower. The flower began trembling and abruptly opened its mouth, facing the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon and swallowing it.

The Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon didn’t resist; with a look of expectation, it let itself be directly swallowed inside.

Bai Xiaochun nervously stood by the side and looked inside of the Rearing Beast Flower. It was unknown what illusory realm the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon was immersed in, but it didn’t become motionless like the other beasts. Instead, it let out gloomy roars. Bai Xiaochun was extremely agonised. He felt as if he had caused the issue to become too big and he was extremely worried that the Rearing Beast Flower would not be able to support the horrifying Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon.

With his continuous prayers, four hours passed, and only then did the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon fly out with a solemn expression. After muttering to itself for a short period of time, it unexpectedly charged inside once again.

Time flew by and nine days later, Bai Xiaochun blankly stared at that Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon, which had actually surpassed the Nocturnal Beast, and dedicated itself for over fifty times in a row! Only then did it have a rueful expression and fly out.

“Although the illusory world is good, it is still a past event after all… Little One, you aren’t bad. In the future, if you have any matters, just come and find me. As long as it is not something that isn’t too big, I can help you out.” The Spirit Creek Sect’s Guardian Beastlike a loud bell as it spoke words of appreciation towards Bai Xiaochun. When it was about to leave, Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment. He felt that this time, he had really helped the sect and had done an enormous good deed.

And so, he opened his mouth and spoke at once.

“Senior Heaven’s Edge, is it possible for you to call the Guardian Beast of the four great mountains over, and let them dedicate themselves for a moment? And also a few beasts that belong to the ancestors…” Bai Xiaochun looked towards the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon with expectation.

“Those few little children? It’s only a trifling matter!” The Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon grinned and laughed. It suddenly raised its head and inhaled. Bai Xiaochun could only feel the heavens and earth twisting for a moment, and within an instant, the Seven-Coloured Phoenix, Three-Eyed Black Crow, Mountain Ghost, as well as the lizard from the Sky Mountain, appeared in front of the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon. Behind them, there were the combat beasts of a few ancestors.

After these combat beasts appeared, they all trembled. The Three-Eyed Black Crow and the Seven-Coloured Phoenix shivered; fear actually appeared in their eyes. The Mountain Ghost also trembled and fell to the ground.

As for the lizard from the Sky Peak, its legs directly turned soft and it completely lied down. As for the combat beasts of the four ancestors, they were even more unable to withstand it.

Bai Xiaochun was in ecstacy; the combat beasts in front of him, which were insufferably arrogant in the past, were now obediently following the instructions of the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon. One by one, they jumped into the Rearing Beast Flower. This lasted until the morning of the second day, and after that, they respectively left to different places with a flabbergasted expression. The Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon also walked away, but before it left, it looked at Bai Xiaochun with a look of appreciation.

Bai Xiaochun faced the sky and laughed loudly. He was extremely estastic after he noticed the Rearing Beast Flower closing. It was no longer releasing that fragrant aroma, and was instead preparing to bear fruit and birth a combat beast. He was happy from the bottom from his heart, and he was filled with pride. He had also heard about the disciples of the North Bank that were currently looking for the reason of the agitation of the combat beasts, which made him even more pleased with himself.

“The strongest combat beast of I, Bai Xiaochun, is about to be born! Humph! Disciples of the North Bank, tremble! I have already chosen a good name for this combat beast of mine, it will be called Tie Dan!

“It’s fine if you guys don’t lend me your beasts, but you also slandered me… Just wait until you guys find out the reason behind the anomalies of your combat beasts, and after you know that your combat beasts have already dedicated their Hereditary Blood in here... by that time, I, Bai Xiaochun, will have already returned to the South Bank! Hahahahaha!” Bai Xiaochun lifted his chin, flourished his sleeve and quickly assumed the appearance of an expert. However, he was unable to cover up the pleased look on his face.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun felt extremely happy and was incomparably pleased with himself. But suddenly, he felt that there was a gaze that fell on his body. Flabbergasted, Bai Xiaochun turned his head. Almost immediately, he noticed that on the side of the pavilion not far away, at some unknown time, something had appeared. It was a... rabbit, which had straight ears and would unexpectedly disappear and reappear!

“You, you… you damned parrot rabbit! Why are you here?!” Bai Xiaochun’s expression turned blank as he let out a blood-curdling scream.

“You, you...you damned parrot rabbit! Why are you here?!” That rabbit’s expression also turned blank as it let out a blood-curdling scream. It then hastily escaped, even the Nocturnal Beast couldn’t compare to its speed! In a blink of an eye, it had vanished...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5th guaranteed chapter from last week. The sponsored chapter from last week will also come later.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, MantouInv, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 - The Great Eruption Of The North Bank!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 135 - The Great Eruption Of The North Bank!

“Ahhh! Don’t say it out loud!” Bai Xiaochun was panicking. He knew this rabbit’s hobbies. His body charged out in a flash, and the wings on his back rapidly swept outwards so he could chase.

However, this rabbit was too fast, and he could only hear its voice echo from the distance.

“Ahhh! Don’t say it out loud!”

After he chased the rabbit for a long time, Bai Xiaochun found out, to his despair, that his cultivation of the tenth layer of Qi Condensation actually… couldn’t catch up to this rabbit. The quickness of its speed was unimaginable, as if there was a god helping it.

“It’s over, it’s over…” Bai Xiaochun blankly watched the rabbit vanish within the blink of an eye. His body trembled, and he seemed to have been struck by thunder. Even during his dreams, he had never thought that this damned parrot rabbit would actually be like a nightmare and also come to the North Bank.

“What I said just now, how much has that rabbit heard?” Bai Xiaochun forcefully grabbed his hair; he was about to cry. This parrot rabbit that would appear and disappear unpredictably made Bai Xiaochun insane. If it continued on like this, he felt that he would definitely have a mental trauma in the future, so much that he might as well just stay silent from now on.

He had already regretted it many times. At the start, why would he give the rabbit a strange pill and create this parrot rabbit that would make him gnash his teeth?

“That damned rabbit. It shouldn’t have heard anything; it mustn’t have heard anything. If not, it would’ve started parroting when it was running earlier!” Bai Xiaochun was restless, and he wanted to cry but had no tears. Now, he was worriedly comforting himself. He couldn’t do anything but comfort himself. If he couldn’t catch that parrot rabbit, then it would be like a pill furnace that could explode at any time. Once it explodes, then it would be world-shaking.

Bai Xiaochun was nervous and hurriedly returned to the pavilion. He tidied up his travelling equipment. He hurriedly made preparations to escape the North Bank and return to the South Bank at any moment as he anxiously looked at the Rearing Beast Flower.

“Only three days! After three days, it can birth the strongest combat beast!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyeballs were red. When he anxiously waited, the Nocturnal Beast had dragged another combat beast again. Bai Xiaochun hurriedly blocked it and strictly warned the Nocturnal Beast to not come to dedicate itself again, and that there was no need to bring the combat beasts anymore.

The Nocturnal Beast was immediately discontent and bared its teeth towards Bai Xiaochun, putting on a violent appearance. Bai Xiaochun’s heart suddenly shook as he let out a dry cough.

“It’s not impossible… so, the North Bank has a rabbit that appears and disappears unpreditably, and likes to parrot. Go catch it for me!”

The Nocturnal Beast had confusion clouding its eyes. Bai Xiaochun used sign language and also spoke. Finally, the Nocturnal Beast seemed to have understood him. With a flash, it turned around and became a shadow that charged into the distance.

Expectation appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes as he looked at the Nocturnal Beast that had ran into the distance.

“Good luck. If you really manage to catch that rabbit, then I’ll help you find another Rearing Beast Seed, even if I have to fight for it!” The moment Bai Xiaochun thought of how terrifyiing the parrot rabbit was, he sighed again and returned to the courtyard, anxiously waiting.

Time passed, and soon, the day ended.

Throughout the day, Bai Xiaochun always had his ears on full alert, listening to the sounds outside. Looking at the disciples of the North Bank, he could see that they were all in action during these days to find the reason behind the changes in their combat beasts. Bai Xiaochun was the main suspect in this case, and many people came over to him to look around. Fortunately, Bai Xiaochun had covered the Rearing Beast Flower, and as long as no one approached the back of the courtyard, no one could see it.

Although the disciples of the North Bank suspected him, in addition to the fact that Bai Xiaochun had went out at night, the fact that his speed was extremely fast, and also because he didn’t make any mistakes, the disciples of the North Bank could only leave due to a lack of evidence.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart actually got even more nervous. Another day passed, and the North Bank, from the beginning until the end, could not find the reason for the change that occured to their combat beasts. And so, their investigation got even more strict, especially those combat beasts that were frequently agitated, which caused countless cries of surprise and bellows.

“Just what in the world is this!”

“Could it be that there is an epidemic? It doesn’t seem like it. There shouldn’t be an epidemic like this!”

“This is fishy, too fishy!”

The upheaval in the North Bank finally and gradually exploded. A large amount of outer sect disciples participated in it, and the inner sect disciples also made a move. Even the Ancestors appeared. Finally, half a day before the Rearing Beast Flower would bear fruit, the North Bank found a trail with the full force investigation of the sect.

“The Nocturnal Beast that formerly belonged to Beihan Lie!”

“During these days, this beast would quietly appear and rapidly drag away a combat beast to some unknown area! After the beasts that got dragged away returned, they would have a strange expression!”

“Find that beast!”

The disciples of the North Bank were all burning with rage, and one by one, they made a move. They covered the mountains and plains, and searched throughout the sect. With this kind of effort, they quickly found the Nocturnal Beast in the area behind the mountain. At the same time, they also found a rabbit.

The speed of this rabbit was amazingly quick, and it was currently dashing away. The Nocturnal Beast behind it used all of its force to chase after it. One dog and one rabbit were hurriedly running about under the gazes of the disciples of the North Bank.

If it was merely this, then it would be nothing much. Quickly, a sound, that made the complexions of all the disciples of the North Bank change, impressively came out of the mouth of the rabbit that was getting chased.

“Junior Sister Meixiang, I, with the identity of the Ancestor of the Ghost Tooth Mountain, vow to absolutely never let Li Qinghou get away with it!”

“Elder Sun, you’re so bad…”

“Haha, this pill’s not bad. I, Bai Xiaochun, really am a genius, now even a rabbit knows how to speak!”

“My, Bai Xiaochun’s, strongest combat beast is about to be born. Humph! disciples of the North Bank, tremble!”

“It’s fine if you guys don’t lend me your beasts, but you also slandered me… Just wait until you guys find out the reason behind the anomalies of your combat beasts, and after you know that your combat beasts have already dedicated their Hereditary Blood in here... by that time, I, Bai Xiaochun, will have already returned to the South Bank! Hahahahaha!”

Following the rabbit running away, and following the colourful words that echoed out, all of the surrounding disciples of the North Bank that had came here were dumbstruck. At the start, they were still slightly muddled, but when it got to the end, all of the people here thoroughly understood. This strange and exotic rabbit was the creation of Bai Xiaochun, and it loved to parrot!

When the rabbit said everything, the bodies of all of the disciples of the North Bank shook. One by one, they widely opened their eyes, and their breathing got faster. They stared at that rabbit that was getting chased by the Nocturnal Beast, while it was shouting and rapidly running into the distance.

“The dedication of the Hereditary Blood?”

“After finding out the reason why the combat beasts are agitated, Bai Xiaochun had already left the North Bank?”

“Bai Xiaochun!” The disciples of the North Bank all shouted, especially those disciples who had agitated combat beasts during these past few days; at the moment, they were the most depressed. They unleashed their full speed and charged directly to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard with a world-shaking booming sound.

With the rabbit running around, its sharp words continuously echoed out. Quickly, it had spread around the North Bank, and slowly, the disciples of the North Bank heard it. They all opened their eyes widely and quickly shouted out with rage, shaking the heavens and earth in the North Bank.

“Bai Xiaochun!”

“So it was his fault! He’s still thinking of running back to the South Bank?”

“Down with Bai Xiaochun!”

The disciples of the North Bank were all mad. The outer sect, the inner sect, and many elders also appeared, and they all charged towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

At the same time, within the North Bank, when the rabbit, which appeared and disappeared unpredictably, had finally shaken off the Nocturnal Beast, it was suddenly stopped. In front of it, an old monkey had soundlessly and tracelessly appeared with an imposing expression. It stared at the rabbit while exuding killing intent and the vicissitudes of life.

“Rabbit, who in the world are you?”

The expression of the rabbit instantly turned imposing as it stared at the old monkey. The vicissitudes of life also appeared on its body, as well as killing intent. It solemnly spoke, “Rabbit, who in the world are you?”

The old monkey’s eyes flashed with a harsh look and directly went after the rabbit. A harsh look also flashed in the rabbit’s eyes, and it instantly escaped. One monkey and one rabbit, vanished within the blink of an eye.

Within the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, Bai Xiaochun was currently nervously waiting. After four hours, his strongest combat beast would be born. But just at this moment, an intense booming sound suddenly echoed from outside. Following the echo of the booming sound, many figures that had exuded an extremely vigorous killing intent rapidly approached.

“Bai Xiaochun!” The disciples of the North Bank all carried flames of anger and instantly approached. They unexpectedly attacked the pavillion’s formation array, and the loud sounds shook the heavens. When the pavilion’s formation array shook at high-speed, Bai Xiaochun immediately opened his eyes widely, and his heart dropped.

“What are you guys trying to do! I am the Honourable disciple; I am the Sect Head’s Junior Brother, I…”

“It’s useless no matter who you are!” The disciples of the North Bank were impulsive, and currently, they had strength in numbers. With a loud roar, they attacked the pavilion’s formation array, and quickly, the formation array let out -Ka Ka- sound. Under the bombardment of the countless disciples here, it looked as if it was going to break down in a moment.

Bai Xiaochun’s scalp was numb. He discovered that the disciples of the North Bank were too savage. The South Bank had only throwed stones at him, but the North Bank unexpectedly wanted to actually make a move. If the formation array really broke, each man could use a finger, and they could jab him into meat paste.

“Murder!” Bai Xiaochun let out a miserable shriek and hurriedly retreated. In his heart, an unlimited amount of grievances rose up in his heart. These disciples of the North Bank were bullying people too much. First, it was the provocative letters and slander. Now, he had merely let those beasts dedicate themselves for a bit, and as a result, they actually wanted to get rid of him.

It was at that moment when he retreated that a booming sound echoed out. The formation array collapsed, and the several tens of thousands disciples of the North Bank, who held a burning rage, were about to charge in. But suddenly, four cold snorts suddenly echoed from the sky. The ancestors of the North Bank’s four mountains descended, blocking the disciples of the North Bank that were driven mad.

The old woman from the Iricdaceae Mountain swept her gaze towards the disciples of the North Bank that were present.

“Ancestor, we…” Some disciples were unwilling to accept this interruption and were about to speak.

“Shut up! You people have besieged the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. What a scandal!” The old woman from the Iricdaceae Mountain shouted, and her voice was like thunder. It shook all of the disciples, and they all turned nervous.

“Right, you guys have besieged the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, too outrageous!” Bai Xiaochun also relaxed and strictly spoke from inside the pavillion.

“You shut up too!” The old woman turned her head and ferociously glared at Bai Xiaochun. She was about to continue speaking, when suddenly, her eyes widened; her gaze fell on the Rearing Beast Flower in the back courtyard. She took a deep breath, and the bodies of the three other Ancestors also trembled. They simultaneously looked at the Rearing Beast Flower and quickly cried out.

“Rearing Beast Seed!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sponsored chapter from last week. Special thanks to Devon B. and Кулинич Павел for sponsoring this chapter.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 - They Already Came...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 136 - They Already Came...

The Ancestors of the four great mountains all rushed towards the Rearing Beast Seed; their breaths became rapid the moment they went close to it, and their hearts shivered as if they had saw the greatest piece of treasure in the world. Even the old lady from the Iridaceae Mountain had all of her wrinkles visible at this moment…

It was the same case for the Ancestors of the other three mountains; they were all overwhelmed with emotions as they stretched out their trembling hands. As they made contact with the Rearing Beast Flower, everyone couldn’t help but feel shock in their hearts, as if they had just seen a holy relic, and that other than the Rearing Beast Seed, there was nothing else they could see.

The surrounding disciples were also stunned. Many of them did not recognise the Rearing Beast Flower, and at this moment, they were shocked to see the Ancestors of the four great mountains react in this manner.

Among the inner sect disciples in the crowd, there were still some that gradually recognised it, especially after seeing the four Ancestors go speechless. Their minds trembled violently, and their emotions spiked like a tsunami as all of them cried out in shock.

“Rearing Beast Seed! Heavens, the Rearing Beast Seed actually exists!”

“That’s a holy relic from the legends, rarely seen in this world!”

“I’ve only heard about it in some books. This kind of special plant should have disappeared during the ancient times. To think there would be one here!”

The voices grew louder and louder, and eventually, the tens of thousand of people present slowly understood that this ugly-looking, space-consuming plant actually possessed a value that could not be described. They cried out in shock as they all looked towards the Rearing Beast Flower, forgetting that they were looking for Bai Xiaochun for trouble.

The clamor had gradually gotten so loud that among the four Ancestors, the old man from the Ghost Tooth Mountain, furiously turned his head around and gave a fierce glare at the surrounding disciples. The moment everyone saw those green eyes of his, their hearts all skipped a beat as they immediately quietened down.

Bai Xiaochun stood at the side, lifted his chin and placed his hands behind his back. With a face like that of a lonely expert, he felt pleased with himself deep in his heart.

“Haha! They should understand by now, why, I, Bai Xiaochun, made all those Combat Beast come and dedicate themselves. I did it all for this Rearing Beast Seed!” Bai Xiaochun felt excitement in his heart even though his face revealed a profound loneliness. Just as he was secretly feeling happy, the expressions of all the four Ancestors suddenly changed. It went from being mesmerised to clenching their jaws and gritting their teeth, especially for that old lady who furiously lifted up her head.

“BAI XIAOCHUN!!!” The old lady deplored; her eyes were bloodshot as she fiercely glared at Bai Xiaochun.

“Do you know just how precious this single Rearing Rearing Beast Seed is? Do you know that this Rearing Beast Seed is extremely rare?! Do you know what this Rearing Beast Seed represents?!” The old lady was on the verge of insanity. She felt as if her heart was bleeding; if this Rearing Beast Seed were to be in her care, she felt that the results would be completely different.

“Yeah, I know.” Bai Xiaochun was surprised. It was exactly because he know the preciousness of this Rearing Beast Seed that chaos enveloped the North Bank this time.

However, right now, not only was the old lady from Iridaceae Mountain feeling pity, the other Ancestors from the three mountain mountains also lifted their heads with their hearts feeling as if it had been cut by a knife. For them, this Rearing Rearing Beast Seed of indescribable value was a treasure that they could only dream of; at this moment, they all looked towards Bai Xiaochun with gazes of disappointment.

“Such a priceless and precious treasure, and you actually planted it here. It has even completed its nurturing phase and it’s already about to give birth to a beast!”

“You, you, you… Bai Xiaochun, I know that you must have looked for a lot of Combat Beasts and thus resulted in the unrest amongst the sect’s combat beasts. But what use is that? No matter how many beasts were there, they would still be from low grade bloodlines!”

Do you know that if you had given this Rearing Beast Seed to Elder Sun’s Blue Ocean Beast, then it would have given birth to another Grade 3 bloodline beast! However, right now, too late, it’s too late…” The old lady was almost screaming at the top of her lungs; towards Bai Xiaochun, she felt utter disappointment.

“Elder Sun’s Blue Ocean Beast had already came here to dedicate itself.” Bai Xiaochun blinked and gave a dry cough.

“You… eh?” The old lady’s body trembled with fury; she was just about to continue her rant, but when she heard Bai Xiaochun’s words, she was stunned for a moment. The other three mountain’s Ancestors were also stunned for a moment. Instantly, they looked towards an elderly man at the corner. This man was exactly Elder Sun, and he himself was also surprised. The reason why he participated in this was not because he had noticed the restlessness in his own combat beast, but rather it was his disciple’s combat beast that had problems. At this moment, when he had finally found out that his own Blue Ocean Beast had actually came to this place before, he was struck speechless.

The old lady hesitated for a moment while glaring at Bai Xiaochun.

“Even if it was Elder Sun’s Blue Ocean Beast, it would still be a waste. Elder Chen’s Green Sky Python should have dedicated itself too. Even though it also has a Grade 3 bloodline, it has the possibility to evolve into a dragon, and only that Green Sky…” the old lady had not even finished speaking when Bai Xiaochun felt embarrassed, quickly opening his mouth to speak.

“The Green Sky Python......had also dedicated itself here already.”

The old lady’s eyes widened in shock as she stared at Bai Xiaochun, dumbstruck. Within the crowd, Elder Chen sucked in a deep breath and quickly looked at his beast-feeding pouch. In it, a little green snake stuck out its head, and when it looked towards the Rearing Beast Flower, it immediately lost itself, as if it was thoroughly mesmerized.

“Elder Chen’s Green Sky Python is still young. It’s fine even without the Rearing Beast Seed, but Bai Xiaochun, this old man’s Yaksha is truly suitable for the Rearing Beast Seed. If only…” at this moment, the Ghost Tooth Mountain’s Ancestor opened his mouth and furiously spoke.

(TL Note: Yaksha, a type of ghost or demon spirit beast.)

“That… Ancestor Wu, your Yaksha had also… dedicated itself already.” Bai Xiaochun hesitated for a moment, but once he saw the scary look upon the Ghost Tooth Mountain Ancestor’s face, he quickly replied to him.

This time, not only did the Ghost Tooth Mountain Ancestor suck in a deep breath, but the surrounding disciples as well. The moment they heard this, everyone’s expression changed drastically.

The Ghost Tooth Mountain Ancestor’s body jolted in shock. The old lady beside him as well as Setting Sun Mountain and Sky Mountain Ancestors were just about to open their mouths when Bai Xiaochun retreated a few steps and cautiously said, “Your combat beasts have also come here to dedicate themselves already…”

The moment he finished speaking, the four Ancestors felt as if they were struck by lightning. They did not even notice that their own combat beasts had been secretly brought to this place. At the same time, the tens of thousand of disciples around them all sucked in a deep breath after hearing the conversation between Bai Xiaochun and the four Ancestors; they could no longer suppress themselves and immediately cried out in shock.

“Heavens! Just how many beasts have came to dedicate themselves?!”

“This Bai Xiaochun, he… to think he did not even let off the combat beasts of our Ancestors!”

“This is insane!”

Just as the crowd was crying out in shock, Bai Xiaochun felt perturbed and anxious in his heart. He took a few more steps back and helplessly looked at the gloomy expressions of the four Ancestors. After a brief moment, the old lady from the Iridaceae Mountain fiercely stared at Bai Xiaochun.

“Bai Xiaochun, we have really underestimated you. Since you have a way to secretly bring our four combat beasts here, why don’t you bring my Iridaceae Mountain’s Seven-Coloured Phoenix here too? Our beasts are all Grade 3, but that Seven-Coloured Phoenix Bird is Grade 4, a Grade 4 bloodline is then truly not a waste…” the old lady had not finished her words when she suddenly saw that cautious expression of Bai Xiaochun, causing her heart to skip a beat. It was as if he wanted to say something, yet he was holding it back.

“You… Don’t tell me you...”

“That Seven-Coloured Phoenix had also come to dedicate itself already,” Bai Xiaochun replied indignantly.

“My Setting Sun Mountain’s Three-Eyed Black Crow…?”

“It dedicated itself already too. That lizard from the Sky Mountain, and the Mountain Ghost from Ghost Tooth Mountain… they all dedicated themselves already.” Bai Xiaochun summoned all of his courage and opened his mouth. The four Ancestors all widened their eyes and sucked in their breaths, revealing an expression of disbelief. They immediately took out a jade slip and used a method unbeknownst to anyone to communicate with each of their mountain’s Guardian Beast. After a brief moment of silence, each of them received an answer of confirmation from their respective Guardian Beasts. The four Guardian Beasts did not dare to mention the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon, and so, the four Ancestors did not know about the matter. Even so, they had their mouths hung open as they looked towards Bai Xiaochun with a face of utter disbelief.

The surrounding North Bank disciples all sucked in their breaths as they reeled in shock. Bei Hanlie’s body shivered; he realised that Bai Xiaochun was getting more and more fearsome. Xu Song felt thunders crashing in his head. He fully understood the terror of those four Guardian Beasts, and he could not imagine just what method Bai Xiaochun had used to let those four great combat beasts to willingly come here and dedicate themselves.

The old lady from Iridaceae Mountain was on the brink of madness; she originally wanted to teach Bai Xiaochun a lesson, but the more she spoke, the faster she realised that she no longer had anything more to say. The other party knew the importance of the Rearing Beast Seed and even brought those Guardian Beasts here. This had rendered her speechless; even if it was her, it would not be easy to achieve this feat no matter how much she wanted to.

However, to lose face in front of so many disciples, and to be rebutted by Bai Xiaochun until she had nothing to say, left her extremely frustrated. With a wave of her sleeve, she immediately shouted,

“It is still a waste. Bai Xiaochun, did you know that if you had offered this Rearing Rearing Beast Seed to the Grand Elder, you could even attract the attention of the Old Patriarch. With an order from our Old Patriarch, he could arrange for our Spirit Creek Sect’s Guardian Beast , Senior Heaven Edge Ink Dragon, to leave a descendant through this Rearing Beast Seed. That would truly not be wasting a single bit of it, that is…” the old lady even more agitated the more she talked, but she suddenly stopped midway and stared blankly at Bai Xiaochun, who looked as if he was once again holding back his words, causing her heart to once again skip a beat.

Not only did her heart skip a beat, but the three other Ancestors beside her, once they saw Bai Xiaochun’s expression, all sucked in a deep breath.

“That… there’s no need to trouble Old Patriarch to send an order anymore. Senior Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon left three days ago. It was really kind and dedicated itself more than fifty times…” Bai Xiaochun blinked as he softly spoke.

A deathly silence instantly filled the surroundings.

The four Ancestors were stunned; the surrounding elders were stunned, and the disciples were stunned. Everyone looked at Bai Xiaochun in a daze as if their world had just turned upside down.

At this moment, that stalk of Rearing Beast Flower started to wither at a rate visible to the naked eye. As it withered, layer after layer of its petals started to fall, and a gush of overflowing vitality appeared from within the Rearing Beast Flower. It grew stronger and stronger. The four Ancestors, elders, and disciples all reeled in shock as they watched the Rearing Beast Flower carefully.

The four mountain’s Guardian Beasts simultaneously trembled in this instant, and they all lifted their heads into the sky; they could feel their bloodline extending. For a considerable number of combat beasts in the North Bank, they too, at this instant, felt their own bloodline resonating.

Within the Ancient Beast Abyss, the eyes of the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon’s eyes widened as he gazed towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, revealing a gaze full of anticipation.

Bai Xiaochun also felt anxious. He quickly ran to the side of the Rearing Beast Flower and waited in expectation. The four Ancestors at the side also felt their breathing hasten as they looked towards the flower.

Slowly, as the Rearing Beast Flower withered, the aura of vitality within it grew stronger and stronger. Eventually, it was as if this aura had shot upwards, and a massive whirlpool actually appeared in the sky and started to spin with rumbling sounds, as if there was a pair of eyes, up above in the heavens, that was looking towards this side of the world.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 - My Combat Beast!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 137 - My Combat Beast!

At this moment, it seemed as if the entire North Bank was paying attention to this. Even a few gazes from the Zhong Dao mountain had gathered on this place in an instant.

“This is… eh?

When a faintly discernible light sound of surprise echoed out, a red colour unexpectedly appeared in the whirlpool in the sky in an instant. Even the sky had turned into a patch of red.It was at this moment when an ear-piercing shriek echoed out of the wilting Rearing Beast Flower. Following the cry, that strong aura abruptly reversed and suddenly fell down. In an instant, it was about to fall onto the ground as some death qi spread outwards.

It seemed as if it would die prematurely. Without being born, it was about to die. Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled, and the Ancestors of the four mountains were also shocked.

“This is Chaotic Blood; willpower alone is insufficient to support the appearance of the body!”

“Damn it, I knew it would be like this!”

“This beast is unable to be born…” At this moment when the four Ancestors were crying out, Bai Xiaochun’s body trembled, and he stared at the Rearing Beast Flower with fixed eyes. He could feel that there was a life within the Rearing Beast Flower that wanted to descend, but was unable to succeed and was about to die. Within a few breath’s worth of time, the denseness of the death qi had already spread out in all directions.

At this moment, a blurry figure soundlessly and tracelessly appeared in the air above the Rearing Beast Flower. Anyone else wasn’t able to see its concrete appearance; they only saw a silhouette that seemed to be an old man wearing a white-coloured changpao. His entire body seemed to lack the slightest bit of aura; he just tranquilly appeared like that.

His cultivation… was deep and unmeasurable!

His appearance made the surrounding people become shocked in their hearts. The disciples of the North Bank had never seen this old man, and those Ancestors of the four mountains were also stunned for a moment. After that, their faces changed, and they unexpectedly started to kowtow.

“Third Generation Patriarch…”

The surrounding disciples, in the instant that they heard how the old man was addressed, had their minds buzzing as they all started to kowtow while trembling.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun was muddled. He didn’t pay attention to the appearance of that figure. Within his eyes, there was only the wilted Rearing Beast Flower as well as the life within it. His heart was trembling, and he had tears in his eyes.

The white clothed old man silently looked at the Rearing Beast Flower and made some finger gestures with a finger from his right hand. Immediately, some life force rushed into the Rearing Beast Flower. Unfortunately, the life force dissipated, and the death qi got even denser.

The white clothed old man muttered incoherently to himself and raised his head, looking towards the Ancient Beast Abyss.

Within the Ancient Beast Abyss, the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon suddenly opened its mouth. A drop of golden blood flew out, and its body had clearly aged a little. Distantly looking at the Rearing Beast Flower, its eyes had a nervous and expectant look in them.

That golden drop of blood streaked across the vast sky and had formed a golden rainbow which directly flew towards the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, and then fell into the Rearing Beast Flower. At the same time, that white-robed elder lightly sighed, and his eyes brightened. When he raised his hands to make finger gestures, the clouds in the sky rolled, as though a supreme power was coagulating. Under the hands of the old man, it turned into a talisman that penetrated the Rearing Beast Flower and merged with with the golden blood, throwing itself into the Rearing Beast Flower.

“Chaotic Blood, nine deaths and still alive. This old man can only let the nine heavens decide. Whether or not it can live and struggle out of the Rearing Beast Flower, it all depends on the beast’s willpower. What a pity… for a potential Grade 5 spirit beast.” The old man lightly sighed. Even if it was him, there was no way of going against the heaven’s will to change his fate Whether the beast could live on or not all depended on its luck.

(ED Note: 九死一生, nine deaths and still alive is chinese idiom that means ‘narrow escape’.)

With a feeling of pity, he turned his head and looked at Bai Xiaochun who had a blank and unreadable face. Sympathy appeared in his eyes as he flourished his sleeve. His body turned fuzzy and transformed into dots of glittering lights that dissipated.

Only after the old man left, did the Ancestors of the four mountains slowly rise. They carried a look of reverence while looking at the direction where the old man left to and lowered their heads to look at Bai Xiaochun, who was beside the Rearing Beast Flower, staring blankly.

All of the Ancestors had a look of pity. If it was any other person that had put in so much hard work and ended up with their combat beast being unable to be born, they would also feel sad. Especially so, since this was a Rearing Beast Seed. Even if the entire cultivating world was taken into account, there weren’t many of them left.

The four Ancestors lightly sighed. The anger they had towards Bai Xiaochun had disappeared as they successively left. The surrounding disciples of the North Bank, after seeing this scene’s reversal, were also unable to bother Bai Xiaochun at this moment. Despite the fact that there was still many people that were resentful in the bottom of their hearts, they dispersed within the silence.

Evening descended. Within the pavillion of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, there was only a single person, Bai Xiaochun, who was still standing there, staring blankly at the Rearing Beast Flower. Over half of the present flower had wilted, and anyone would be able to see a thin and small body inside. It was currently struggling, as if it was fighting against its fate.

Bai Xiaochun’s tears soundlessly dropped. He slowly stepped forward and silently caressed the Rearing Beast Flower.

He was stricken with grief, and he had a sorrowful expression, unwilling to accept this fact. At this moment, his thoughts were not about having the strongest combat beast, but instead it was on a pure hope that this small life could live on, even if it had no natural endowments whatsoever.

This was the life that he had nurtured. Looking at the Rearing Beast Flower slowly wither made his heart ache, as if it was being cut by blades. However, he had no way of helping it. Even if he was currently at the tenth layer of Qi Condensation, he was still powerless. This sort of powerlessness made Bai Xiaochun feel a kind of suffocation that was hard to describe.

Following the descent of the night, this feeling of deep powerlessness, as well as the suffocation that he got as he stared blankly at the fading life before him, made Bai Xiaochun tremble and feel scared. He thought about the villagers that year, before his mother and father died of illness, they pulled his hand and told him… live on.

These words existed eternally in Bai Xiaochun’s mind.

“Live on… you must live on…”

“Tie Dan, don’t die…” Bai Xiaochun’s tears were dripping. He softly whispered, caressing the body of the small beast that was bulging below the Rearing Beast Flower, calling it by the name he had given it. The small beast seemed to have felt Bai Xiaochun’s aura and slightly moved.

“You must persevere. You haven’t seen this world; you haven’t seen me. I want to take you along with me to wander across the world of cultivation…”

“Persevere!” Bai Xiaochun’s soft murmuring was, however, filled with resolution. He spoke for a whole night, unceasingly caressing the body of the small beast that was bulging out of the Rearing Beast Flower. Using his sincerity, using all of the feelings that he could give, he did his best to spoke to the beast.

All the way until dawn, afternoon, evening, night....

The first day passed. The struggles of the small beast inside the Rearing Beast Flower got somewhat weaker, but it seemed as if it wouldn’t give up, and was still trying hard to control its body that was collapsing and falling apart due to the Chaotic Blood.

This entire day, Bai Xiaochun forgot everything around him. His eyes only held the small beast below the Rearing Beast Flower in front of him. He softly murmured, using his most gentle voice to pacify it, and used his heart to encourage it. He continuously spoke, so much that he tried to use spirit power to merge with the Rearing Beast Flower. Even if he knew that this was useless, he still did it anyway.

Gradually, the second day, the third day, and the fourth day passed.

Bai Xiaochun didn’t have the slightest bit of rest, and his eyes had already turned bloodshot. Under the constant release of the spirit power in his body, it had already been exhausted. Every time his spirit power was replenished, it would be merged with the Rearing Beast Flower.

That spirit power carried his blessings, carried his grief, and even more, it carried his encouraging pacification. During these four days, he was always speaking and always encouraging. Whenever this little beast violently struggled, and when it seemed as if it had felt pain and let out light sobs that were like weeping, Bai Xiaochun’s pacification seemed to have let it feel warmth as it gradually calmed down. However, Bai Xiaochun despairingly found out that its aura was getting more and more weak, and the feeling of death was also getting stronger and stronger.

“Tie Dan, you know, when I was small, when my mother and father was still here, I wasn’t so scared of death... and also didn’t know what death was.”

“When you’re well, I’ll go take you to see Uncle Li. He treats me very well, and is like a father…” Bai Xiaochun muttered. He spoke about his past and everything that happened to him in the village, as well as in the sect.

Late at night on the fourth day, no matter whether it was the guardian beasts of the four mountains, or the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon within the abyss, they all slowly withdrew their gazes and sighed, no longer paying attention. However, there was a Nocturnal Beast, that silently came to the Hundred Beasts Courtyard during the night. After it arrived at the pavillion, it went beside Bai Xiaochun and lay beside the Rearing Beast Seed. It looked at the life within the Rearing Beast Seed with the same kind of grief and softly licked it.

Yet another day passed. On the evening of the fifth day, Bai Xiaochun was extremely exhausted. To him, these five days were like refining medicine for five months without taking a rest or sleep. However, he was unwilling to give up, and he was still encouraging it, constantly saying things that he had already said, constantly pacifying it. Nonetheless, the struggles of the small beast got weaker and weaker, and deep into the night of the fifth day, it suddenly violently struggled for a few times. Following that, the struggles got slower, as if it was still twitching. Gradually, it stopped moving, and the aura of death enveloped the Rearing Beast Flower and also pervaded through Bai Xiaochun as well as the Nocturnal Beast.

“Live! You must live!” Bai Xiaochun grabbed the body of the small beast below the Rearing Beast Flower and tearfully shouted.

“When the Fallen Chen Clan were chasing to kill me, and over ten people wanted to kill me, I lived on and exchanged injuries for kills. I used my own bone spike to struggle with destiny! You must also be like this, LIVE! LIVE ON!”

Bai Xiaochun loudly roared, and he unceasingly caused his spirit power to rush forth; he was repeatedly encouraged it, so much that he was even roaring. The small beast that was originally motionless, gradually started to struggle. This struggle got stronger and stronger, and its desire to live, at this moment, seemed to follow Bai Xiaochun’s words and was aroused even more.

“Show the power of your will to live and control your body to charge out of here!” Bai Xiaochun wiped away his tears and roared.

The small beast within the Rearing Beast Flower struggled even harder and let out sounds of whimpers. Every struggle would be accompanied with an acute pain, which made its body tremble. However, it didn’t give up, as if it had a willpower that could support it. This willpower was extremely strong, as if it had surpassed its desire to live, and had become everything in its current life.

“You will be the strongest combat beast; you are my, Bai Xiaochun’s, lifetime companion. I created you. I nurtured you. I will not permit you to die!” Bai Xiaochun’s voice was hoarse, as though he had gone mad.

Following the uttering of these words, this small beast that had been encouraged by him for five entire days no longer whimpered, and it was instead letting out roars. Although it sounded weak, it was indeed a roar. Meanwhile, its dim life actually sparkled strongly at this moment, as if it was burning, unceasingly exploding forth, becoming more and more boundless. Clouds once again appeared in the sky; they were spinning around with a rumbling sound. It was if the willpower in its heart, which had supported it, caused it to once again challenge destiny.

This undulation attracted the attention of the North Bank, causing many disciples to be roused. The Ancestors of the four mountains were also startled as they went directly towards Bai Xiaochun’s Hundred Beasts Courtyard. There were also even more disciples who had their expressions changed and hurriedly charged out from all directions. When they arrived at the Hundred Beasts Courtyard, the aura of life within the Rearing Beast Flower once again overflowed the heavens, moving the blue dome of heavens, causing the undulations of the clouds to get stronger and stronger.

The four mountain beasts, the Ancient Beast Abyss’ Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon, as well as the gazes from the Zhong Dao Mountain, all focused on the Rearing Beast Flower. Even the illusory image of the white-robed elder had appeared once more, without anyone noticing.

It was at this moment, in the instant that the fifth day passed and the sixth day arrived, when the world-shaking roars of the small beast inside Rearing Beast Flower were let out, and there was also an attack that spread out, causing the extremely exhausted Bai Xiaochun, as well as the Nocturnal Beast, to be immediately pushed back and fall beside the wall.

With a loud explosion, the Rearing Beast Flower directly shattered into small pieces, and the claw of a small beast suddenly extended outwards. This claw was incomparably sharp, as if it could cut open nothingness itself, and there was even a flame that was faintly discernible on its claw, which made the minds of everyone who saw it tremble in astonishment.

At the same time this claw faced the surroundings, it ferociously struck out, and finally… the head of a small beast was exposed!

It resembled a horse, resembled a dog, resembled a lizard, resembled a crocodile, and resembled a dragon!

There was a single horn on the top of its head, and a row of white coloured hair could be seen on its back. Yet, it had black coloured scales on its body, and its teeth were extremely sharp. Its eyes were tightly shut.

“This is…” An astonished light appeared in the eyes of the white-robed elder in midair. His heartbeat immediately quickened. He had never thought that this small guy could unexpectedly live on, and looking at its appearance, it had a boundless potential, to the point that it could possibly advance its bloodline!

At this moment, within the Ancient Beast Abyss, the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon suddenly widened its eyes, and the four great mountain beasts were simultaneously shocked. All of the combat beasts within the North Bank trembled.

The surrounding people all let out cries of surprise. With a quick glancy, anyone else could tell that this small beast… was definitely out of the ordinary!

The Ancestors of the four mountains all took a deep breath, and a strong light appeared in their eyes.

“It has already grasped a technique the day it was born, and that flame on its claw means that it has… a Grade 6 bloodline! Heavens, a Grade 6 spirit beast has actually appeared in my Spirit Creek Sect!”

“This will be our North Bank’s future Guardian Beast!”

“Haha, our North Bank has finally borne a spirit beast that has a Grade 6 bloodline, surpassing the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon!”

Everyone in the surroundings involuntarily charged over, wanting to get close look at it. Bai Xiaochun leaned against the wall, and his figure had already been covered. He didn’t mind it though, and in fact, he was only smiling. This smile represented how happy he was for Tie Dan, and also how happy he himself was.

“If you live, then it’s good.”

At this moment, in the instant that the head of the small beast poked out, it forcefully opened its eyes, staring at the surroundings. Its eyes were very big, and they looked very cute. It revealed a clever black eyes and looked at its surroundings, as if it was searching for something.

This was the first action that it made after poking its head out. The meaning of this action was extremely great. Perhaps the people next to it didn’t know what it signified, but the mind of the white-robed elder in midair suddenly shook.

“It’s looking for…”

The surroundings were blocked by the crowd, and the small beast seemed as if it couldn’t find the figure that it longed for in its mind. Its expression turned anxious, and a violent intent appeared on it as it let out a growl.

It was at this moment...

“Tie Dan…” Bai Xiaochun softly spoke while leaning on the wall, supporting his body. He had happiness and excitement within his exhaustion, and he followed the gaps in the crowd to look at the small beast.

The moment he spoke, that small beast was no longer violent. Its body suddenly trembled and instantly turned its head. It was radiating a strong light in its eyes, and it also saw Bai Xiaochun within the gaps between the crowd. When it fixed its eyes on him, its eyes immediately turned gentle. A look of pleasant surprise slowly emerged, as if it had saw its lover.

It had found him!

It was as if the reason, which supported its unceasing struggle to live and its last burst of willpower to charge out of the Rearing Beast Flower, was to open its eyes and look at the person that gave it warmth, encouraged it and pacified it.

The willpower formed by this state of mind had surpassed its will to live!

Time seemed to have stopped at this moment. For Tie Dan, this moment and this unfamiliar world, seemed to have completely disappeared in the instant that Bai Xiaochun spoke. Regardless of how many strangers were blocking his sight, there was only a single person, Bai Xiaochun, who was its everything.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Sean

Edited by: Arch, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 - Tie Dan’s Hobby
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 138 - Tie Dan’s Hobby

A brief moment later, the white-robed elder in the sky let out a sigh; he understood that this combat beast could no longer recognise any other person as its master in its entire life. Even if it was forced to recognise another master, the dependence on Bai Xiaochun that flows in its blood would become the other person’s greatest obstacle.

One could say that, in this world, its master will forever be... Bai Xiaochun.

Even if Bai Xiaochun were to die one day, this beast will also never forget that there was once a person — a person called Bai Xiaochun.

They had no contract between them, but the relationship that they had was stronger than any form of contract. The white-robed elder shook his head and deeply looked at Bai Xiaochun. He understood that this was what Bai Xiaochun deserved; this was the combat beast that he had created, and when the beast was in its most critical condition for the nine days, Bai Xiaochun had constantly encouraged and accompanied the beast.

“Perhaps it is only with a child that still posses this innocent heart, when one has not yet been corrupted by achievements, but only naively wishes for the beast to live on. It is probably only this attitude that can make the Grade 6 bloodline combat beast feel touched and sincerely recognise one as a master.”

“Hopefully… this child will keep this innocent heart of his throughout his life, and neither time or anything else could cause him a change of heart.” the white-robed elder turned his body and silently left. His figure looked bleak. He was reminiscing his past self from a long long time ago, when he had just stepped into the world of cultivation and still had that youth and naivety.

Outside the courtyard, the crowd eventually started to leave one by one. The female disciples left all the more reluctantly — the moment the little beast had appeared, its big eyes and cute look immediately captured the hearts of these female disciples. It was a pity that the little beast did not even give them a second look.

The Ancestors of the four peaks, who watched the little beast fervently as it was born, also left in lament. Slowly, the Hundred Beast Courtyard regained its peace and silence; all that was left was Bai Xiaochun, the little beast, and that Nocturnal Beast who had been pushed away during the previous scuffle.

Bai Xiaochun was laughing heartily as he patted the head of this little beast. This beast had the body of a horse, the head of a dragon, scales like a lizard, claws like an armadillo, and most surprisingly, its teeth gave off seven colours of radiant light.

As for the single horn on its head, it was similar to the Heaven’s Edge Ink Dragon’s horn, which was incomparably sharp.

If anyone looked closer, anyone could find that on its body, there were many similarities with a lot of other combat beasts. It was truly as Bai Xiaochun had envisioned it to be previously — collating the advantages and form of countless combat beasts… The one and only of its kind in the world, an unprecedented lifeform.

“From now on, you will be my, Bai Xiaochun’s, combat beast. Don’t worry, I will bring you along throughout my this entire world of cultivation!” Bai Xiaochun chuckled and patted Tie Dan on the head. Tie Dan crouched beside Bai Xiaochun and looked up while widening its eyes, making him look extremely adorable.

The Nocturnal Beast also got excited and quickly ran over. It still had some wariness against Bai Xiaochun, for it had not forgotten its grudge against it, but when it looked at Tie Dan, it revealed a scared expression and also a gaze filled with a hint of protectiveness.

Tie Dan curiously lifted up his head and looked at the Nocturnal Beast without any discrimination.

Time passed, and a month had gone by. Throughout this month, Bai Xiaochun frequently took Tie Dan for walks outside the Hundred Beast Courtyard and roamed the entire North Bank. Bai Xiaochun walked in front, while Tie Dan followed behind, curiously looking at all of the surroundings.

In the distance, the Nocturnal Beast would secretly follow them, as if it was protecting Tie Dan.

Along the way, every disciple that saw Bai Xiaochun would instantly shift their gaze onto Tie Dan. Some gazes were surprised, some were complicated, some were envious, and even a number of female disciples would instantly fall in love with the wide-eyed, cute looking Tie Dan.

Tie Dan looked as if it was a little afraid as it came closer to Bai Xiaochun a little. Bai Xiaochun placed his hands behind his back with a face full of satisfaction.

“My Tie Dan is loved by everyone no matter where it goes, this trait really follows me.” Bai Xiaochun happily thought to himself. With a dry cough, he took Tie Dan to crowded places, and whenever they walked past, the countless gazes of the disciples that they attracted made Bai Xiaochun’s heart burst with emotions as he proudly lifted up his chin. Continuously for a few days, Bai Xiaochun spent most of the time to make Tie Dan familiarise itself to the environment of the North Bank.

Gradually, Tie Dan lost its fear; it would excitedly clamour after Bai Xiaochun, lifting its chin with much vigor, as if it was copying Bai Xiaochun — even its gaze was starting to look similar. It would carry a hint of pride, satisfaction and even a little arrogant swagger, as if as long as it was beside Bai Xiaochun, it would not have to fear the heavens or earth.

That look made the surrounding disciples who were passing by to cry out in surprise. However, Tie Dan’s temperament seemed a little weird. When it noticed people looking at itself, if its mood was good, it would take the initiative to run over to rub the person; if its mood was bad, it would immediately grind its teeth and reveal a fierce look, giving off low growls.

Throughout this month, Tie Dan’s body grew slowly, as if it did not grow much at all. However, its speed, strength and biting power gradually showed its potential during this period of time; every time someone saw it, they were shocked in their hearts.

In regards to speed, it was already comparable with the Nocturnal Beast. As for its strength, it could even push back a ten zhang tall pangolin from the forests of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard. Its intelligence was even more shocking; it was comparable to a ten years old child, and even in some areas, it was even smarter than a ten years old child.

What surprised Bai Xiaochun the most was Tie Dan’s control of fire; the flames under its hooves gradually increased and could be controlled with ease. Every time it sprinted, it was as if Tie Dan was leaving a trail of fire — the fire was black in color as if it came from the netherworld.

All these mysterious traits, coupled with its cute look and that pair of big eyes that always shone with innocence, made the elders and the four Ancestors of North Bank to pamper Tie Dan with love; they would frequently take out some spirit medicine and food that was beneficial to combat beasts and gift it to Tie Dan.

However, as Tie Dan gradually grew older, Bai Xiaochun slowly found out that something was amiss. Tie Dan’s personality… seemed a little weird…

At this moment, in front of Bai Xiaochun, Xu Song furrowed his brows as he looked at the growling Tie Dan which had its scales erected and had black flames expanding from its feet. He was puzzled, all he did was give it a few more glances while he was walking past; who knew that Tie Dan would suddenly throw a fit of temper and charge towards him with a look as if it was going to bite him.

“Bai Xiaochun, your... this…” Xu Song felt displeased in his heart, but once he remembered that this combat beast was showered with the love from the elders and the Ancestors, he immediately retreated a few steps and looked at Bai Xiaochun. Before he could finish his sentence, Gongsun Wan-er walked past from a distance away. With a sweep of its glance, Tie Dan, which was growling and clawing in front of Xu Song, instantly brightened its eyes and immediately turned to its cute, wide-eyed look as it bounced towards the direction of Gongsun Wan-er.

As it ran, it even shook its tail like a puppy and gave off gentle calls. It rubbed itself on Gongsun Wan-er’s calf, making her break out into a smile as she immediately crouched down to pick up Tie Dan into a hug. With bright eyes, Tie Dan rubbed itself continuously on Gongsun Wan-er’s bosom, making Gongsun Wan-er laugh out loud. When Tie Dan shifted its body to reveal its little head, one could clearly see a blissful look upon its face.

Seeing this scene, Xu Song almost felt his eyeballs pop out. Bai Xiaochun could only laugh bitterly; since half a month ago, he had already noticed something wrong. When Tie Dan met male disciples, it would immediately grind its teeth and growl, as though if they were to dare to touch him, it would not hesitate to bite the other party to death. On the other hand, whenever it saw female disciples, it would immediately transform into its cute look and jump into the arms of the other party.

Not even Bai Xiaochun knew why this was happening. He could only conclude that within Tie Dan’s bloodline, it probably inherited some beast’s special fetish.

This situation worsened and Tie Dan got even more exaggerated. That difference in treatment between male and female disciples made every male disciple in North Bank speechless. A great number of them were jealous of Tie Dan, for among the female disciples in North Bank, more than half of them have been rubbed by Tie Dan…

If this was simply the case, then that would be it. Instead, when Bai Xiaochun started to breakthrough the peak of the Qi Condensation’s tenth level, Tie Dan’s hobby seemed to have taken a turn for the worst. Under the leadership of the Nocturnal Beast, the both of them would frequently crouch at a corner and peek at some of the female disciples while they were bathing.

The Nocturnal Beast only looked a few times and lost its interest, but the more Tie Dan saw, the more addicted it got. In no time, it even recognised the bathing patterns of all the female disciples in the sect. With much vigor, it would excitedly run out of the Hundred Beasts Courtyard early in the morning and not return until the sky was dark.

In the span of one day, it could see numerous female disciples bathing…

With regards to this, Bai Xiaochun did not do anything nor did he care about it; he was working hard behind closed doors and increasing his cultivation with each passing day.

Another month had passed, and Tie Dan’s habits got even worse; other than rubbing itself in the bosoms of the female disciples and peaking at them bathing, it had another new hobby now. After it would peak at the females bathing, it would take away the other party’s undergarment and secretly hide it… in a place where it felt was the safest.

In no time, the female disciples of the North Bank gradually realised that they were constantly losing their undergarments. This situation started happening to every single one of the female disciples.

Due to Tie Dan’s speed being extremely fast, and the Nocturnal Beast helping as a sentry, the undergarments stolen throughout this month was never noticed by anyone. Moreover, with Tie Dan’s adorable look, it would not even arouse the suspicion of the female disciples.

“Our North Bank has a pervert amongst us, and this person specialises in stealing the undergarments of female disciples!”

“Goddamit, I will definitely find this pervert. Junior sister Sun has already lost 7 pieces of undergarments!”

“I have already investigated a rough estimate. At least a few thousand pieces of undergarments have been lost. The other party definitely has some sick fetish and would not destroy them, but hide them instead. Find it. We will definitely be able to find it.”

The stolen undergarment incident got even more and more heated; gradually, all the female disciples in the North Bank joined forces and continuously searched with anger burning in their hearts. They even hired a battle mouse from an elder of the Sky Mountain to assist in the search. The entire North Bank was being searched, and even many male disciples joined in the search with righteous indignation.

After going through the four mountain peaks, going through numerous areas and sectors, there was no result. Suddenly, someone suggested the Hundred Beasts Courtyard...

Very quickly, these female disciples charged into the Hundred Beasts Courtyard.

At this moment, Bai Xiaochun was in the building, completely immersed on meditation. As he felt his cultivation increase, a sweet feeling rose in his heart.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3rd guaranteed chapter of the week.

Translated by: Xin

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 - It Really Wasn’t Me!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 139 - It Really Wasn’t Me!

At that moment, outside the pavilion, an uproar could be heard. Startled, Bai Xiaochun got up and pushed open the great doors, discovering a massive amount of disciples from the North Bank had gathered outside the formation array..

“What are you guys doing?!”

Bai Xiaochun’s expression changed, he backed up a few steps giving the gears in his brain enough time to work, searching for anything he might have done this time. After a long time of thinking, Bai Xiaochun failed to think of anything he could have done to enrage the North Bank once again.

Even though he didn’t figure out what exactly he had done, Bai Xiaochun was still panicking. After uttering those words, the disciples outside of the formation array all turned to him.

“Senior Uncle Bai, please deactivate the formation array. We need to go in and search the place thoroughly!”

“We’re not just searching here. Everywhere possible in the North Bank has been searched.”

“This past month in the north, a massive amount of female disciples’ undergarments have been lost — a great disturbance has emerged. Bai Xiaochun! If you’re not guilty of this crime, then deactivate your formation array and let us go into search!”

“Hmph! Even if it’s in your storage bag, we have methods to find it!”

As Bai Xiaochun listened, his heart relaxed and he let out a sigh of relief. After calming down, he instantly grew agitated, putting his hands to his back as he looked at the disciples from the North Bank.

“Absurd. I’m an Honourable Disciple, the junior brother of the Sect Head. I did not do this!” It was rare for Bai Xiaochun to not be the one responsible, so he would never back down. He put on noble airs and looked down upon the crowd.

“It has to be you. Looking at the entire North Bank, the only person who would do this can only be you!”

“True, this Bai Xiaochun is the most suspicious. He was actually able to deceive everyone and take away our combat beasts and dedicate them. This is the best example showing us that he has the ability to steal all those undergarments without the junior and senior sisters noticing!”

Looking at the crowd talk, Bai Xiaochun chuckled coldly, abruptly tossing his sleeve and deactivating the formation array.

“Whatever, I’ll let you guys search. I want to see how you people will owe up to your mistake after failing to find the undergarments!” Bai Xiaochun was deeply calm, and this time, he was brimming with confidence and not worried at all

Seeing how Bai Xiaochun was acting, the crowd started to hesitate. They didn’t even have evidence, but Bai Xiaochun actually deactivated his formation array, all of them looked at each other in dismay. The female disciples who had lost their undergarments clenched their teeth. After stepping into the formation array, they paid their respects to Bai Xiaochun and started searching. Suddenly, from one of the beast storage bags on a female disciple, a crimson squirrel jumped out.

The moment the squirrel came out, it gave a piercing cry, charging straight out and leaving the crowd stunned, causing a change in everyone’s expressions. The past few days, the main thing the crowd relied on to locate the missing undergarments was this special war squirrel, which had a very keen sense of smell. In a close proximity, anything it smelled before, even if it was stored in a storage bag, could be easily locate.

The crowd initially thought that they might have made a wrong decision, but at the moment, all of them had their eyes wide open, charging into the formation array with Bai Xiaochun watching blankly. Bai Xiaochun’s brain had gone numb as he followed them with surprise until they all reached a room inside the pavilion. The instant the door was opened, countless undergarments of different colors poured down in a flash, squeezing against each other as they fell. With a glance, there were more than a thousand of them…

“Bai Xiaochun! You actually dare to say you did not do it?!”

“So it was you!”

“Bai Xiaochun, you, you, you… How are you so shameless?!” The crowd all fixed their gaze on Bai Xiaochun; the male disciples furiously glared at him and yelled angrily.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, his body trembling. He let out a sharp cry.

“Impossible!” The instant this word came out, the female disciples surrounding him all gave him a death glare, leaving his scalp numb as the glares landed. He quickly explained.

“It really wasn’t me! I don’t know…” He swallowed a mouthful of saliva, backing up a few steps, feeling extremely wronged. Yet, he didn’t know how to explain as the surrounding female disciples all stared furiously at him; some of them were even doing hand gestures in preparation to attack him.

“Damn it! How the hell did this happen?!” Bai Xiaochun was going crazy. He was in closed-door cultivation all this while, submerged in his cultivation without leaving the pavilion at all. He did not pay any attention to this room inside the pavilion. Just as he was panicking, outside the Hundred Beast Courtyard, the figure of Tie Dan suddenly appeared, and a red undergarment was hanging on its mouth. It quickly ran in their direction with an expression filled with bliss.

Before entering the formation array, Tie Dan stopped in its tracks, staring blankly at the people around him, dropping the red undergarment.

As it fell to the ground, the countless pairs of eyes all switched to Tie Dan.

Bai Xiaochun looked at Tie Dan, instantly feeling his head ache. To be able to enter and exit the pavilion at will and put down so many undergarments… Even if Bai Xiaochun was in closed-door cultivation, this was not something any outsider could have done.

Even the Nocturnal Beast would not be able to just enter and leave the pavilion’s formation array like that. The only one capable of doing so was… Tie Dan!

Tie Dan instantly began to tremble. It wasn’t afraid of the crowd’s rage; what it was afraid of the most was Bai Xiaochun getting angry. At that moment, it seemed that it was about to cry as it lay on the floor, letting out sounds of guilt.

The crowd had weird looks on their faces; the female disciples in particular, who had expressions of disbelief. Outside the pavilion, there was nothing but silence.

A while later, a female disciple’s mumbles could be heard.

“It couldn’t be Tie Dan, he’s such a good boy. There must have been someone who ordered it to do so!” It didn’t take long before many people started speaking in succession.

“That’s right! Tie Dan’s so cute, so innocent! It must have been bewitched; someone forced it to do that!”

“It’s Bai Xiaochun! He’s Tie Dan’s owner!”

In the end, almost all the female disciples thought Bai Xiaochun was the culprit. With even more rage than before, they glared at Bai Xiaochun. It was not that no one understood the possibility, but Tie Dan’s attitude every day was simply too cute, especially the look it was giving now — it seemed afraid, and that instantly earned everyone’s sympathy.

However, the fact was simply too strange, and while the disciples spoke that way, they didn’t cause any more trouble, only giving Bai Xiaochun death glares as they slowly departed.

Very soon, the place was at peace again. Taking in a deep breath, Bai Xiaochun raised his head and looked at the sky, wanting to cry. No tears came out as his eyes shone. Tie Dan knew it did something wrong, so quickly ran to Bai Xiaochun’s feet and rubbed around them.

“Tie Dan… you’re pretty smart usually. Why were you so dumb this time? You, you, you… You stole those undergarments, fine. However, you can’t make it seem like I did it… I created you; you could even say I’m your father… You can’t do that to your father…” Bai Xiaochun let out a deep sigh. He scowled as he squatted down in order to pat Tie Dan’s head.

“Remember, you must never implicate those at your own side… Those undergarments, you could’ve hidden them somewhere else! Why would you hide them in your own home? Tie Dan, you have to be smarter! You have to think before you act! What if you were exposed? What would we do then?” Tie Dan lowered its head and started whimpering, seemingly aware of his mistake.

Watching Toe Dan, Bai Xiaochun’s heart softened, causing him to stop scolding it. Turning back to the pavilion, he continued his cultivation in an extremely depressed state.

In the courtyard, Tie Dan made a few more whimpering sounds as it lay there. Viciousness was suddenly reflected out of its eyes as it turned to look at the direction of the disciples from the North Bank who were departing.

Late at night, it quietly climbed out, shaking its body and disappearing into the night, heading for the North Bank.

Dawn the second day, when the sky was just lighting up, a sudden scream of agony sounded out from the living quarters of the North Bank’s disciples.

“Damn it! Who did it? Who ate all my spirit beast pellets. It was hard for me to exchange for those; they were for the combat beasts’ evolution!”

Just moments after the first scream, a similar scream quickly sounded out, starting a ripple effect.

“Ah! My Ten Thousand Spirit Grass. I grew that for five years, there’s only roots left! It’s gone, it’s all gone… it’s all been gnawed to pieces…”

“A thief! This is too much. The food in my immortal cave I prepared for the combat beasts are all empty; that’s three years worth of food!”

“Oh god, the third stage Blood Beast’s bones I borrowed from Elder Li yesterday... I planned to observe the changes in the veins, it’s gone, it’s gone!”

Within both the inner sect and outer sect alike, the commotion grew louder and louder, and finally, there were hundreds of people angrily shouting. The victims, without any exception, were all men, and were the same men who went to Bai Xiaochun’s pavilion yesterday.

Just as the broken hearted disciples were roaring loudly and charging out in succession, they immediately saw Tie Dan with a blood-coloured bone in its mouth, running as it nibbled it, crushing the bone in the process.

From the crowd came a sharp shriek, and a disciple with disheveled hair rushed out like a madman, his eyes red with tears flowing down.

“Don’t bite, those are the third stage Blood Beast’s bones I borrowed from Elder Li… Ah… Ah… don’t bite on them…”

Crunch! Crunch!

Proudly, Tie Dan raised its head and shook its body, evading the incoming disciples, biting away in the distance. In just a moment, the entire bone was gnawed to dust, and after swallowing it, the disciple with disheveled hair felt his vision blur as he thought of the elder Li’s rage once he learned that he would never be able to return the bones. Raging in fury, he yelled and charged at Tie Dan.

Not only him, the hundreds of people all burned with rage as they charged after Tie Dan. Their speed, however, was lacking and they could only watch as Tie Dan ran away, going to the Iridaceae Mountain. As the crowd ran behind it, a harrumph with no hint of joy rumbled like thunder.

“What a disgrace, this many people scaring the good boy Tie Dan. Seems like you all have too much free time on your hands!” Following the voice, the ancestor of the Iridaceae Mountain, the old woman, slowly walked out, her eyes coldly fixed on the hundreds of disciples.

The disciples instantly shivered, and all of them orderly paid their respects as they saw Tie Dan behind the old woman. Its eyes were wide open as it obediently followed her, occasionally rubbing against her while making an adorable expression, as though it was aiming to curry favor.

This scene caused the hearts of all the disciples to burn with anger, however, none of them dared to open their mouths. Their hate for Tie Dan had already overflown the heavens.

“Didn’t he only eat some of your stuff, how big a deal could that be? What did it eat? I shall pay for it. Dismissed. Don’t ever bully Tie Dan!” The old woman gave the crowd a fierce glare, and lowered her head while instantly changing her face to a kind and gentle one, petting Tie Dan’s head with a motherly aura. Tie Dan had an even more adorable look as it stuck out its tongue to lick her like a puppy.

The disciples around them were all gritting their teeth, evidently dissatisfied. They didn’t feel that they were bullying Tie Dan, because in fact, it was Tie Dan who was bullying them.

Nonetheless, seeing how much the Iridaceae Mountain’s ancestor spoiled Tie Dan, there wasn’t anything they could do but endure their rage as they left, not wanting to cause any more trouble for Tie Dan. Thus, all their rage was directed towards Bai Xiaochun.

“It’s all Bai Xiaochun’s fault! It was him who created such a despicable combat beast!”

“This combat beast is way too despicable. A pervert who stole undergarments, and now it even stole our stuff to eat. Yet, those female disciples, elders and ancestors all treat it so well!”

Bai Xiaochun was just immersed in cultivation when he suddenly sneezed. Raising his head and looking at his surroundings, he regulated his breathing. The distance between his cultivation and the peak of the tenth level of Qi Condensation was gradually getting smaller.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4th guaranteed chapter of the week. As for the fifth, it will be delayed since it has extremely important terms which are still being checked/retranslated by atte’s tl team.

Translated by: Marcus

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Arch, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 - Sacred Land of Foundation Establishment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 140 - Sacred Land of Foundation Establishment

Another month had passed and Tie Dan’s behaviour had completely turned for the worst. Regardless of who it was, each and every single male disciple who had previously provoked Bai Xiaochun seemed to be extremely agonised to the point of being insane, yet they weren't able do anything about it.

At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s cultivation had finally reached the peak level of the tenth level of Qi Condensation, reaching the apex of the Qi Condensation stage. It was as if he had hit a barrier, causing him to become unable to forge onwards.

“The only thing left is Foundation Establishment!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath, his eyes revealed a hint of anticipation. The Foundation Establishment was divided into 3 stages: Common Pulse, Earthen Pulse and the legendary Heavenly Pulse. The increase in lifespan was also varied, with levels being one hundred years, two hundred years and five hundred years respectively.

As for Heavenly Pulse Foundation Establishment, Bai Xiaochun did not think twice about it. That was too much of an unfathomable matter. In the entire Spirit Creek Sect, only a small number of people had been able to reach the Heavenly Pulse Foundation Establishment level throughout the course of ten thousand years. All of them possessed the greatest destiny, enabling them to possess the Heavenly Pulse Qi and using it to reach the Foundation Establishment level.

“Generally speaking, the more common one’s Pulse is, the more Foundation Establishment Pills required. The Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment, on the other hand, requires the Earthen Pulse Qi… Moreover, the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment also has its strengths and weaknesses. It depends on how many times the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment can withstand the internal tides of the spirit sea during the Foundation Establishment! With the minimum being one and maximum nine times!”

“Furthermore, there is still the strength of my corporeal body which has already come in contact with the first Shackle of life. Regardless of whether I have broken through to the Golden Undying Skin or whether I draw the support from the success of the Dragon-Elephant Ocean Forming Foundation Establishment, both of them should be able to cause a breakthrough in the Shackles. If there is a dual breakthrough, maybe the effect would be even more tremendous!” Bai Xiaochun was muttering irresolutely to himself.

He remembered that contribution points could be exchanged for the Foundation Establishment Pill in the sect. Even though a huge amount of Contribution Points was needed, with Bai Xiaochun’s status, he was still able to exchange for the Foundation Establishment Pill. The only thing was that he was slightly unwilling to do so. After all, the Common Dao Foundation Establishment could only increase one’s lifespan by a hundred years.

As he was at a loss, Bai Xiaochun took out the sound transmission jade slip, and after thinking for a moment, he transmitted a correspondence to Li Qinghou, enquiring about matters regarding the Earthen Pulse Qi.

Very quickly, the jade slip emitted gentle rays of light. Li Qinghou had replied. Bai Xiaochun immediately blended his spiritual energy into the jade slip and Li Qinghou’s voice immediately resounded in his mind with a low tone.

“I was originally planning to tell you something. Three months later, the North Bank will be choosing a hundred and fifty people whereas the South Bank will be choosing a hundred people. All of them will be inner sect disciples who are at the tenth level of Qi Condensation. Everyone will be assembling at Zhong Dao Mountain’s main hall.”

“The three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands are about to open. You should go to the Meteoric Sword Abyss and fight for the Earthen Pulse Qi with everyone else, borrowing the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment from the land. Once you succeed, you can increase your lifespan by two hundred years. It would be a huge step forward in your desire to achieve immortality!”

Bai Xiaochun’s body shook as he stared at the jade slip, revealing excitement in his breathing.

“Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment. If I succeed, I can increase my lifespan by two hundred years!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes revealed his longing for longevity, but very quickly, he hesitated for a moment.

“There is bound to be killing when competing with others…”

“However, that is two hundred years!” Bai Xiaochun struggled for a very long time. The thought of executing his plan to achieve immortality completely exploded as his eyes immediately reddened.

Very quickly, news that the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands was going to open slowly spread throughout both the South Bank and the North Bank. Many Heaven’s Chosen were like Bai Xiaochun and had already known about this matter beforehand.

The three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands were the Meteoric Sword Abyss, Single Underworldly Secret Realm, and the Ancient Spirit Cave respectively. They would all simultaneously open once during the first year of the sixty-year cycle. The time for this opening was arriving soon.

这三处具备战略资源的区域，并非是灵溪宗独有，而是整个东脉下游修真界，包括灵溪宗在内的四个最强的宗门所共有，每次开启，四大宗都会派出弟子争夺。

These three areas were equipped with strategic natural resources.They really were not solely owned by the Spirit Creek Sect, rather, they were collectively owned by the all the forces in the Eastern Vein of the Cultivation World located downstream, inclusive of the four strongest sects along with the Spirit Creek Sect amongst them. Every time the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands opened, the four great sects would deploy disciples to fight over the resources.

Amongst them, the Meteoric Sword Abyss was the head with the Single Underworldly Secret Realm and Spirit Cave following after. The reason being, there was a legend that a wisp of Heavenly Pulse Qi was possibly hidden within the Meteoric Sword Abyss.

This legend had been around for a very long time, but ever since the Meteoric Sword Abyss had been discovered until now, every time it had been opened, no one was seen obtaining the Heavenly Pulse Qi either. Even the Earthen Pulse, every time there would be hundreds of people from the four sects going in, yet the people who were able to succeed did not exceed ten people.

It could be said that the fight for the Earthen Pulse was filled with bloody events. It was the survival of the fittest!

“The interior would definitely be a world of terror as everyone would be fighting over the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment resources. A lot of people die each time… I have heard that this is a one-time contest between the four great sects. The more people who succeed in achieving the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment, the greater the amount of people entering the next three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands during the next opening.”

“I am not satisfied. The disparity between the Common Pulse and the Earthen Pulse is extremely large. The Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment can completely crush the Common Pulse. They are basically not on the same level.”

Discussions regarding the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands spread very quickly in both the South Bank and the North Bank. All of the inner sect disciples who had cultivated to the tenth Qi Condensation level were all palpitating with eagerness with regards to this news.

However, there were also a few who were even more nervous about the rumours of bloody events. They would prefer to choose the meager Common Dao Foundation Establishment rather than that extra hundred years in their lifespan as well as the future glory that could completely crush the Common Dao.

Early morning three months later, following the sound of the chimes of the bell that resounded from Zhong Dao Mountain, which and echoed throughout the entirety of the sect, all of the Ancestors from the seven Mountain Peaks, located on both the South Bank and North Bank, soared through the air with serious expressions on their faces. Under the solemn chimes of the bell, tens of disciples followed behind them as they headed straight for Zhong Dao Mountain.

At this moment, all of the disciples in the sect raised their heads, looking at these silhouettes in the sky. Everyone could name every single disciple that was currently in the sky.

On the North Bank’s end, Beihan Lie, Xu Song, Gongsun Wan’er, Beihan Feng, Gongsun Yun as well as the person in front of all of them, completely enshrouded and coiled with black mist from top to bottom, Gui Ya…

The South Bank was the same. All of the disciples from the Green Peak Mountain, Scented Cloud Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain raised their heads. Xu Baocai was excited as he energetically recorded this scene that he had observed within the small booklet in his hands.

Shangguan Tianyou was even stronger than before. His whole being was like a sharp sword that had been unsheathed, emitting brilliant rays that dazzled everyone’s eyes. There was Zhou Xinqi as well. Her whole body was permeating with a blue colour, as though rich life vitality was spreading out from her body.

There was also Lu Tianlei who was like a flash of lightning that seemed as though it could split the heavens apart. There were also a few veteran inner sect disciples. At this moment, all of them had solemn and serious expressions on their faces as they followed the Sect Masters from the three Mountain Peaks, rapidly advancing forward.

“A hundred and fifty people from the North Bank. A hundred people from the South Bank. I do not know how many people amongst them can successfully emerge from close quarter combat between the other three sects, succeeding in achieving the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment! Also, how many of them would also be unable to return forever… The cultivation road is a cruel place where the strong prey on the weak.”

“I heard from the elders in my clan that the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands would be a world of terror every time they opened. It would seem as though the main objective would no longer be the Foundation Establishment, but rather, the most crucial point would be exterminating people from other sects. This is the four great sect’s battle every first year of the sixty-year cycle!”

“Then why do we still let these Heaven’s Chosen see themselves off to death? Even though the Earthen Pulse Qi cannot be preserved, the Common Dao Foundation Establishment is much more stable, Although much weaker, then there would not be so many deaths…”

“Humph! If one generation is weak, every generation would be weak as well! If it really is so, then the Spirit Creek Sect would wane away and be exterminated sooner or later!”

“To any sect in the four great sects, unless they believe that not a single disciple amongst them are able to achieve the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment, then they cannot flee from battle. If not, not only would this generation of disciples be weak, the sect’s control over the regions under their influence as well as the deterrence they have towards outsiders would substantially decline and cause unnecessary trouble!”

“Take the Pill Creek Sect for example who have consecutively fled three battles before. The sect’s combat strength has declined substantially, and as for the regions under their influence, groups of wolves that are power-hungry have already appeared in great numbers. The Spirit Creek Sect alone has snatched twenty percent of the resources under the Pill Creek Sect’s territory. This could not be helped as only then would their status be preserved, albeit barely, with the Pill Creek Sect participating a few times again in order to exchange the death of their disciples for Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment disciples.”

The Elders from both the South Bank and North Bank as well as a few veteran disciples were currently in a discussion.

At the same time, following the flight of the disciples from both the South Bank and North Bank, very quickly, they had arrived at the main hall of Zhong Dao Mountain. Each and every single one of them stood there under the leadership of their respective Ancestors. All of them had serious and concentrated expressions on their faces as silent killing intent filled the air.

All of them knew that the place that they were going to go in the next following moments was a place where fate and bloodshed coexisted!

Every single person was sizing each other up, but very quickly, there were many people who were surprised as they realised that there was one person missing from the surrounding crowd.

“How come Bai Xiaochun did not come?”

Not only were they astonished, the Ancestors from the seven Mountain Peaks located in both the South Bank and North Bank were also muttering irresolutely to themselves as they looked in the direction where the North Bank’s Hundred Beast Courtyard was at. Li Qinghou stood there, his expression remained calm. He believed that he did not make a wrong judgement about Bai Xiaochun. Even though Bai Xiaochun was naughty and mischievous as he was afraid of death, his persistence towards immortality was definitely not just half a star’s worth.

At this moment of time, Bai Xiaochun heard the chimes of the bell echoing inside the Hundred Beast Courtyard. He was silent for a very long time, up until a long time later, he viciously gritted his teeth. In these three months, he had cultivated with all his strength and had used a huge amount of Contribution Points in exchange for more than a thousand talismans, arming himself almost all the way up to his teeth. He had also attempted to completely breakthrough his Undying Silver Skin. Even though he failed to make a breakthrough, he had still advanced ahead vigorously.

At this moment, wearing clothes that were tidied up and ready for travelling, Bai Xiaochun had rejected Tie Dan’s request to accompany him as he now stepped on the Golden Crow Sword alone, flying out as he headed straight for Zhong Dao Mountain. Along the way, he had made a trip to the Spirit Stone Pavilion. He had used a large amount of Contributions Points in exchange for Fire Crystals that could substitute for the earthly fire so he could use it to refine medicine while outside the sect.

There were bloody veins visible in his eyes. In these three months, even though he had already made up his mind a long time ago, Bai Xiaochun still steadily went about with his usual life. Only, he was also researching numerous ancient records to learn more about his would be destination. From there, he knew of the savageness and bloody events that happened every time the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands opened. Even more so, he knew that the opening of these three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands was also a one-time display of external deterrence and power to the sects.

Following this realisation, his heart had even started trembling. Especially since there was once an incident, eight hundred years ago, when not even ten people had actually returned alive amongst the disciples from the Spirit Creek Sect who had entered the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands. Such level of brutality made Bai Xiaochun feel shocked.

The only good thing was that such a brutal matter had only appeared that one time. There were records indicating that such a matter had occurred because a boundlessly terrifying Heaven’s Chosen, the Everlasting Child, from the Blood Creek Sect and was unmatched in his generation, had appeared eight hundred years ago during the opening of the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands that time. He had completely crushed everything and swept across in all direction. Not only did the Spirit Creek Sect incur huge losses, but the other three sects were also similarly affected. It was precisely also because of that one time eight hundred years ago that the generation of disciples from the other three sects were almost annihilated in suppression, causing the Blood Creek Sect to surpass the Mysterious Creek Sect in one go, becoming the head of the four great sects.

As for that Everlasting Child, he was now the Blood Creek Sect’s Everlasting Daoist Master.

Moreover, during other times, every time the three great Sacred Foundation Establishment Lands opened, the deaths would not be so extreme. At most, it would be only half of the disciples. Even if one was unable to achieve success with the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment, if one were to be slightly more cautious and prudent, one could still preserve their life.

However, even if that was the case, the fifty-fifty probability of dying still made Bai Xiaochun tremble from the bottom of his heart. He really wanted to reject the opportunity that was given to him. He was alright with increasing his lifespan by a hundred years by condensing the Foundation Establishment Pill to the Common Dao Foundation Establishment.

However, his dream was not only to increase his lifespan by a hundred years, rather… it was immortality!

“I am not doing this for the sake of living a hundred years more. The thing that I want is immortality!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyeballs were even redder than before. After he had researched ancient records in this period of time, he was even clearer with regards to the Foundation Establishment. From those ancient records, he had discovered that there was not a single person that had cultivated to the Golden Core who was only at the Common Dao Foundation Establishment level since ancient times!

To successfully cultivate to the Golden Core, he needed to be equipped with the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment!

Moreover, if he was able to step into the Golden Core, even if it was the lowest level of the Golden Core, the increase in the lifespan far exceeded that of the Foundation Establishment. With that line of deduction, the higher the cultivation, the more promising were the chances of immortality.

“I can hide away this time, but how about a hundred years later…? What will I use to evade death? When that time comes, will I regret not going to the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment that year?” In these three months, Bai Xiaochun had asked himself this question time and time again. In the end, there were even more blood veins in his eyes, making his whole being seem as if he was a mad devil. He gritted his teeth and thoroughly made up his mind.

“Everything is for the sake of immortality!” Bai Xiaochun growled in a low voice, changing into a rainbow. He stepped on the Golden Crow Blade and headed straight to Zhong Dao Mountain at lightning speed. Not long after the disciples from both the South Bank and the North Bank had assembled in the main hall of the Zhong Dao Mountain, Bai Xiaochun’s silhouette finally arrived.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Final guaranteed chapter from last week. This chapter had a lot of new terms, so we had to ask one of the veteran translator, who was very busy with college, to retranslate the entire chapter. We will try to catch up as soon as we can. Again, we apologize for the massive delay.

Translated by: Nat

Edited by: Cannibaloid, Mantoulnv, Arch

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 - Meteoric Sword Abyss
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 141 - Meteoric Sword Abyss

The arrival of Bai Xiaochun attracted the attention of the over two hundred disciples who had gathered at the great palace, all of them directed their gazes towards him. Shangguan Tianyou, Zhou Xinqi, Lu Tianlei, Beihan Lie, Xu Song, Gongsun Wan’er, Gongsun Yun, Hou Yufei, and some others… even Gui Ya did as well!

One could see encouragement and mirth in Li Qinghou's eyes

Bai Xiaochun quickly landed in front of Li Qinghou and paid his deep respects to him.

“Stand behind me,” Li Qinghou noticed Bai Xiaochun’s bloodshot eyes, seemingly understanding his endeavor. This decision, for Bai Xiaochun, was an extremely difficult one.

Straightening his body, Bai Xiaochun took big strides, taking a spot behind LI Qinghou. Standing behind Bai Xiaochun was Hou Yunfei, evidently participating in the inner sect training during his time in the North Bank. Hou Yunfei was already an inner sect disciple, and with the assistance of his household, his cultivation had increased by leaps and bounds, reaching the Tenth Level of Qi Condensation!

Their eyes met, Hou Yunfei’s eyes shined with encouragement while Bai Xiaochun nodded his head in greeting. At the moment, there was a large number people in the area so it wasn’t suitable for Hou Yunfei and Bai Xiaochun to converse. A brief moment later, the doors of the great palace slowly opened.

Following the opening of the doors, Zheng Yuandong’s aged voice echoed out from within the palace.

“Ancient Spirit Cave. Although the time it came into existence was not the best, but before, there was only the Secluded Mystic Realm, and that was the only place where Earthen Pulse gathered in the entire Eastern Vein of the Cultivation World. Surrounding the Spirit Cave was countless conflicts until it finally fell into the control of the three great sects. Ever since the rise of our Spirit Creek Sect, it has been controlled by the four great sects!”

“Secluded Mystic Realm. Ten thousand years ago, it suddenly appeared in the Spectre Forest. It was a wasteland completely void of life. There were, however, evil Earthen Pulse beasts, and along with it coming into existence, conflict started once more. Finally, it was claimed by the four great sects, shared by them as it became the second sacred land of Foundation Establishment.”

“Meteoric Sword Abyss. Five thousand years ago, an indescribable great sword fell from beyond our sky, its size surpassing that of over a hundred Spirit Creek Sects, holding in its form a terrifying power feared by all. It pierced the vault of heaven, descended down, and embedded itself into the Bi Fang Mountain. Its Sword Qi went through the Nether Realm, and its body absorbed the Earthen Pulse Qi.”

That caused the inside of the sword body to form an area like the other two sacred lands, spawning uncountable amounts of Earthen Pulse evil beasts. Killing them will provide us Earthen Pulse Qi of different measures. With enough Earthen Pulse Qi collected, one could embody an earthen pulse Qi attractor, thereby attracting the earthen pulse Qi from inside the sacred land for their own use!”

“According to the great Ancestors of the four sect’s research results and judgement, the Meteoric Sword’s interior possibly holds a thread of Sky Pulse Qi. As it came from beyond our sky, there is that slight chance, that during its descent, the energy of the Heavenly Dao was absorbed into it!

As a result, the Sky Pulse Foundation Establishment became known as the Tian Dao Foundation Establishment!” Zheng Yuandong, after speaking to this point, paused a while as he raised his head, sweeping his gaze across the crowd like lightning.

“The path to cultivation grows narrower with each step. Only by stepping on countless corpses of your enemies could any of you reach… The greatest dao with nothing else above it!”

“During your journey towards the three Sacred Lands of Foundation Establishment… I request of you to annihilate the disciples of the other three sects as much as possible! This is a test, but it is also a great war of the four sects. Furthermore, it is also connected with the fate of our Spirit Creek Sect! I will announce the cause and effect upon your return!”

“At the same time, I believe, that the disciples of the three sects will also do all that is possible to kill anyone from a different sect. The Sacred Lands of Foundation Establishment is not a place where just anyone can go, as not everyone has the fate to reach Foundation Establishment. Resources are scarce, and this is ultimately the struggle to the peak of the great dao!” Zheng Yuandong swept his sleeve, emitting a sound like a crackling of thunder. As it rumbled, the two hundred inner sect disciples all made a low growl.

Like the lightning, their might shook the sky!

“For this Foundation Establishment test, the Ancestors of Iridaceae Mountain and Purple Cauldron Mountain, along with the Enforcement Department’s Elder Ouyang shall be leading. You have all been assigned to different places. One hundred to the Meteoric Sword Abyss, and two groups of seventy-five to the Secluded Mystic Realm and Ancient Spirit Cave. Activate the Spirit Creek teleportation array, and march onward to the three sacred lands of Foundation Establishment.

It wasn’t long before the rumbling grew even more intense. In the blink of an eye, the two hundred fifty people within the teleportation array blurred as their figures all disappeared. Outside the teleportation array, Li Qinghou looked into the distance, anticipation and worry were all over his eyes as if watching a young eagle spread its wings. Although below him was a hundred thousand foot deep abyss, in the distance, there was only a red sky.

Bi Fang Mountain was located in the very middle of Zheng Island. Once it competed with the Vault of Heaven in height, surpassing any mountain in the Spirit Creek Sect; its size was comparable to the entirety of the Spirit Creek Sect’s area.

However, things were different for a long time now. Half of the mountain was completely gone, alongside the land where that half once stood. Moreover, in the unmeasurable range of the Zheng Gong Island, a deep and large crack where not even grass grew stretched past a vast part of half of the island.

The land was not hospitable for normal people as much as it was inhospitable for vicious beasts. Even a cultivator, should they live there long enough, would suddenly die, their body exploding open and letting out lingering Sword Qi.

The cause for all this was the great sword that fell from the sky. It was quaint, with uncountable dim runes etched onto it as the sword stood in front of the Bi Fang Mountain. The greater half of it was stuck within the earth, and there were a great amount of cracks around it. Even the narrowest ones were some tens of feet wide, and as for the largest one, it was a hundred feet wide. Inside was a great darkness, as well as some cold air rising up to the sky.

There was protective light enveloping it, sealing of all of the entry points.

This sword was too big. Even the hilt and the blade visible up from the ground far surpassed Bi Fang Mountain immensely, to the point where a comparison of the two giants would be the same as a comparison between a palm and an ant.

The Bi Fang Mountain, compared to a cultivator, would become the palm, and the cultivator, who was on its peak, would become the ant…

At this moment, above Bi Fang Mountain, two sects had already arrived and were holding their own areas. One side had eighty people, while the other had a hundred. Both were led by Foundation Establishment cultivators, with not a care in the world as they discussed. The disciples following behind them all were weighing each other up; hostility was heavy in the air.

The eighty disciples occupying the left area were all in white, with the emblem of a pill on their sleeves. A herbal fragrance could also be smelled coming from their bodies.

They were the Pill Creek Sect!

And the Qi condensation cultivators on the opposite side, on the other hand, had deep blue clothes, with a formidable ripple within all of their bodies due to their cultivation, strong enough that their figures were blurred upon closer inspection. It was quite strange.

They were the Mystic Creek Sect!

Just when the disciples from the two sects were sizing each other up, a sudden rumble in the layers of clouds and uncountable runes, which were vividly shining, formed an enormous purple cauldron, with some sword light coming out from it. In the end, it was as if there was a black dragon swimming inside, letting out great roars.

A middle aged woman, the leader of the Pill Creek Sect, raised her head to the sky. With her eyes shining, she mumbled softly.

“The Spirit Creek Sect has arrived.”

The one leading the Mystic Creek Sect was an old person who had protruding bulges. He looked very sinister because of his slit eyes. Every time he blinked, he gave people a strange feeling. In this moment, he similarly raised his head, staring at the Spirit River Sect’s Cloud Layer Formation Array in the sky.

Soon, a beam of strong light shot down from the sky, landing straight on an empty area on Bi Fang Mountain. Afterwards, over a hundred blurry figures slowly started to form. The moment Ouyang Jie’s figure appeared, the woman from Pill Creek Sect and the old man from Mystic Creek Sect all had a change of expressions.

“Jackal Taoist!”

“My friends, Ocean Daoist, Forest Daoist. It’s been so long.” Ouyang Jie laughed with a coarse voice and waited for all the disciples to be transported. Only after that finished, did he wave his hand, dissipating the protection of the array formation, leading the way out.

As he reunited with the two Foundation Establishment cultivators, Bai Xiaochun used a lot of pressure to rub his forehead. After the vertigo, he was immediately attracted by the colossal great sword. Raising his head, he saw that the end of the sword was hidden from surrounding clouds— it was very shocking.

Around him, people started inhaling and shouting out. The disciples of the Spirit Creek Sect were all taken aback by the great sword.

Hearing the sounds, Bai Xiaochun realized that the amount of people here wasn’t correct. Before transportation, there were two hundred fifty people, but the people standing here, with him included, was only one hundred.

Zhou Xinqi wasn’t here, and Lu Tianlei wasn’t here. Shangguan Tianyou and Gui Ya, however, along with Beihan Lie, Gongsun Wan’er and Hou Yunfei were all in the crowd, all shocked by the great sword at the moment.

However, they soon stopped staring, crossing their legs and sitting down instead. Jade scrolls appeared in their hands as they started to attentively assimilate their Qi while they sized up the disciples from the other two sects.

The disciples from the other two sects also put their gaze in their direction, searching one by one for Bai Xiaochun. Their gaze was different— the Pill Creek Sect disciples had some dissatisfaction in their face, while the Mystic Creek Sect disciples had disdain in it.

While Bai Xiaochun was still lost in astonishment, Hou Yunfei went to his side and gave him a jade scroll, speaking quietly.

“You came late. Before you came, the three Ancestors and Elder Ouyang told us this time’s tragedy. They told us to kill off the other disciples from the other sects as much as possible without getting ourselves killed. They also gave each of us a jade scroll, with an introduction of the Meteoric Sword Abyss within it, and information regarding the disciples of the other sects. The information we have here is also possessed by the opponents.

Bai Xiaochun accepted the jade scroll, putting his Qi into it and instantly understanding the detailed introduction of the Meteoric Sword Abyss.

Meteoric Sword Abyss, also called the Meteoric Sword World— when it descended and impaled the Earth diagonally, half of it was left outside. The body of the sword formed a slanted world, stretching downwards. The further one went down, the stronger the Earthen Pulse beasts, and the greater the quantity of Earthen Pulse Qi it contained.

The entrance into the Meteoric Sword World was the tens of destroyed areas of the sword’s body.

Within the body of the sword, other than the Earthen Pulse evil beasts the Earthen Pulse Qi created, there also existed evil souls. According to speculation, everyone who was killed that year by this blade was hit by the impact of Earthen Pulse Qi. After that, while the souls didn’t possess the power they had when they were alive, they were still extremely dangerous. Fortunately, they didn’t have Qi Consciousness and won’t attack by themselves.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. He was especially wary of the evil souls; that kind of thing wasn’t any different from the ghost images.

At the same time, the jade scroll also introduced the Earthen Pulse Qi. Earthen Pulse Qi is divided into two parts, one came from the evil beasts; upon their death, they would release a faint Earthen Pulse Qi, which could be collected into the Dao Jar to accumulate and form an Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor. Like lock and key, the other Earthen Pulse Qi was the ninety-nine percent of the total Earthen Pulse Qi in the Meteoric Sword Worl, which was spread throughout the entire Meteoric Sword World, and out of one’s reach through normal means. However, it could only be gathered through the attractor.

The Earthen Pulse Qi was limited. In Foundation Establishment, according to the person’s quality and fate, their bodies would endure more than one Qi Ocean Tide, and at that time, the cultivator needed as much Earthen Pulse Qi as the same amount of Ocean Tides he could sustain. Due to that, the earlier one reach Foundation Establishment, the greater their advantage. As such, for each successful person, there would be a decrease in the Earthen Pulse Qi throughout the entire Meteoric Sword World. Usually, before someone was able to withstand eight tides appear, the Earthen Pulse Qi in the Meteoric Sword World would only be enough for approximately thirty or so people to succeed.

So, the faster one could enter the Foundation Establishment, the better. If one was too slow, even if they embodied an Earthen Pulse Qi attractor, the Foundation Establishment wouldn’t be successful due to the lack of Earthen Pulse Qi during the tide

...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the supposed sponsored chapter from two weeks ago. Special thanks to Nathanael C. for sponsoring chapter.

Announcement: As for the 10 guaranteed chapters that we missed, we will just have spread out in the coming weeks in order to catch up. Unfortunately, irl happened, mostly college, have doomed a bit of our schedule. We will try to catch up as soon as we can, and we very much apologize for the delay.

Translated by: Marcus

TLCed by: Ash

Edited by: Arch, Cannibaloid, Mantoulnv

From XianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 - The Heaven’s Chosen Of Each Sect
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 142 - The Heaven’s Chosen Of Each Sect!

Just from gazing at the entrance alone, Bai Xiaochun instinctively felt a feeling of trepidation from the Ancient Sword Abyss. He glanced at the jade slip as he frowned; portraits of three other sects disciples along with their description were detailed in the jade slip. Bai Xiaochun raised his head and inspected the area around him; under his scrutiny, he could identify the disciples of the Pill Creek Sect and the Mystic Creek Sect.

He paid special attention towards the disciples which the jade slip had put emphasis on during the introduction. Gradually, Bai Xiaochun became even more apprehensive and terrified.

“Pill Creek Sect’s Zhao Rou, an expert in the Illusory Body. Zhao Rou is suspected to have the Illusory Body. She once fought against three disciples of the same level, however, the three died from killing each other! Amazing! Her technique is like Gongsun Wan’er’s Illusory Technique!” Bai Xiaochun blinked for a short moment then stole a glance over at Pill Creek Sect’s area. Immediately, he saw one of Pill Creek Sect's disciples- a woman who was in her prime; a stunning beauty with skin so delicately tender and lovely, it was as if it would break with a single touch. She and Gongsun Wan'er were staring at each other at this very moment with a glint in their eyes. Even here, there was unexpectedly a secret contest.

“Mysterious Creek Sect’s Lei Shan. Lei Shan is a body refining cultivator who possesses the Thunder-Fire Mysterious Body. He possesses extraordinary strength and many exquisite techniques. A Foundation Establishment cultivator had once tried to kill him, however, he managed to escape for seven whole days without dying. It’s suspected that he possesses the Fire Spirit Body, and has a recovery speed which far exceeds ordinary people.” Bai Xiaochun glanced towards the Mysterious Creek Sect and almost immediately found Lei Shan.

Lei Shan was a bulky person who had a strong and burly body. Lightning-Fire seemed to curl around him as he sat cross legged; his aura was astonishing. He abruptly faced Bai Xiaochun and laughed maliciously as if he had sensed Bai Xiaochun’s gaze, a hint of killing intent glimmered in his eyes.

"His enemy ought to be Lu Tianlei as they both wield thunder." Bai Xiaochun hastily withdrew his gaze and looked to the jade slip once more.

“Pill Creek Sect’s Fang Lin. The number one Heaven’s Chosen from this generation of the Pill Creek Sect. Half a year ago, he didn’t have a prominent reputation, however, Fang Lin abruptly rose to prominence within this half a year. He’s an expert in the Dao of Poison and kills people decisively. Fang Lin cultivates the Cauldron Furnace of Heaven and Earth; allowing his strength to surpass the pinnacle of Qi Condensation. He is hard to evaluate. Only two of Fang Lin’s battles could be used to draw information from. He killed seven rebels of the full circle of Qi Condensation without being wounded at all. In another battle, he resisted the defensive treasure of one who was also in the Foundation Establishment, killing Spirit Creek Sect’s secret disciple who was away from the Sect.” Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes and hurriedly looked for the other party, and saw an emotionless youngster.

“Mysterious Creek Sect’s Jiu Dao. Within the three thousand years of the Mysterious Creek Sect, he is the first Heaven’s Chosen to master the Obliterating Life Technique. Rumour says that this technique can obliterate all life, and wherever it goes, it can make everything dissipate; it can even condense Lines of Obliteration. Previously, when he fought with an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator, they were equally matched!” Bai Xiaochun’s scalp was numb as he hurriedly raised his head to look around. Soon, he saw a cold faced youth. He wasn’t sure whether it was a misconception, Bai Xiaochun unexpectedly saw on the other party's body, strips of tailmans wandering around, as if they linked to form iron chains.

It was merely a single glance, but Bai Xiaochun already felt his eyes hurt, as if the world in front of his eyes was about to turn black. He hurriedly withdrew his gaze, feeling that the other party was too frightening. Looking at the Jade slip, Bai Xiaochun suddenly discovered that the description of the disciples from the Pill Creek Sect was the most detailed, and the details of the Mysterious Creek Sect was also quite comprehensive, but there was unexpectedly only two pieces of information about the Blood Creek Sect.

“Blood Creek Sect’s Xu Xiaoshan, ordinary aptitude, the single descendant of the bloodline of the Blood Creek Sect’s first generation patriarch. He has an exceedingly high status with the temperament of a pampered young master, and he has countless magical weapons!”

“Blood Creek Sect’s Song Que, the number one Heaven’s Chosen, and has been named the little Unbounded. He has the aura of the Unbounded from eight hundred years ago, and his techniques are not clear. He has only a single battle that goes against the heavens. With a cultivation of Qi Condensation, he killed a Foundation Establishment cultivator. It was an uprecedented matter. For a disciple of Qi Condensation, he is extremely dangerous, and killing him will be a great merit!” The first piece of information on the Blood Creek Sect was still counted as normal, and Bai Xiaochun didn’t care about it. But this second piece of information, after he looked at it, actually made him take an immediate deep breath. His eyes went round.

“Killed... killed a Foundation Establishment cultivator?” Bai Xiaochun’s heart was trembling; he felt that it was inconceivable. He made up his mind. This kind of ferocious person should be Gui Ya’s opponent. His own small life could not be thrown away here.

He discovered that the people from the four sects this time were too scary. He took a good long while before he reluctantly accepted these inconcivable information, and suddenly, his heart shook.

“I wonder whether there is information about me in the jade slips of the other three sects, and how did they portray me?” Bai Xiaochun was immediately curious. As his curiousity got stronger and stronger- so much so that he was considering to look for a disciple with a kind face from the other two sects to have a talk, and to see whether they could exchange information- All of a sudden, a powerful pressure descended from the sky.

The entire dome of heaven turned blood red; the Blood Creek Sect… descended!

It was different from the great teleportation formation of the Spirit Creek Sect. The Blood Creek Sect impressively appeared on this Bi Fang Mountain on an enormous blood coloured palm. This palm was extremely massive, seemingly covering a small half of the heavens, blotting out the sun, and dying the clouds in the sky scarlet.

At this moment, an enormous eye formed in the center of the palm, gradually opening to reveal a blood-shot pupil; the eye exuded a bizarre and chilling aura. With just a single blink, the entire Bi Fang Mountain immediately shook. Within the empty area amidst the three sects, hundreds of figures mysteriously emerged, their fuzzy silhouettes quickily becoming more distinct.

Following this, the immense pressure in the sky dissipated, as though the enormous palm in the sky would have descended with an earth-shattering force that would obliterate all; had anyone dared to take advantage of this time to sneak an attack in.

The heavens and earth shook. The figures that appeared from the Blood Creek Sect unexpectedly surpassed the number of people from any of the other three sects, with a total of hundred and twenty one people. Excluding the Foundation Establishment expert at the front of the group, the disciples numbered exactly one hundred and twenty people.

Those disciples from the Blood Creek Sect were all wearing a red coloured changpao, and held ice-cold expressions. They faintly had a killing intent, exuding a fondness for killing. When they looked to the rest of the surrounding three sects, they were akin to wolves that spotted sheep.

That kind of feeling caused each and every one of the disciples from the Blood Creek Sect to feel extremely savage. A strong Baleful Qi was emitted from their bodies, and they seemed to not hold any trust in each other. After they appeared, they immediately dispersed slightly, and there was a slight distance between each person, as they meditated in a cross-legged position.

The disciples of the Pill Creek Sect were all shocked. Only the eyes of Zhao Rou and Fang Lin brightened, and they were even more vigilant.

The Mysterious Creek Sect was also like this. Except for the few Heaven’s Chosen who were famous, the minds of the other disciples trembled, as they were deterred by the Baleful Qi exuded by the disciples of the Blood Creek Sect.

Gasps coud be heard amongst the members of the Spirit Creek Sect. Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes as he recalled introduction of the Blood Creek Sect within the jade slip.

The sect rules of the Blood Creek Sect and the Spirit Creek Sect were completely different. What they paid attention to was, “The strong preys on the weak,” and the threat of death that they faced at any time, was caused by the mutual killings of fellow sect disciples, making it close to being a Demonic Sect. Therefore, the disciples that were matured in this type of environment were mostly ones that were vicious and ruthless.

“So this is a Demonic Sect… These fellow sect disciples are actually brazenly killing each other in the open, how terrifying! Our Spirit Creek Sect is much better!” Bai Xiaochun swallowed a mouthful of saliva, and was more mindful towards the Blood Creek Sect, as he looked for the two people that were introduced in the jade slip.

What he paid the most attention to, was the Heaven’s Chosen from the Blood Creek Sect that went against the heavens and killed a Foundation Establishment cultivator, Song Que. It doesn't matter what method he used, the fact that he achieved it proved how terrifying of a person he was.

Bai Xiaochun easily found Song Que. This was a youth that had an ordinary appearance, but his body was full of a chilly aura. His changpao was different from others. It wasn’t a simple red coloured changpao, but a purple-red coloured one. Song Que was meditating in a cross-legged position, but there seemed to be no one within the several zhangs radius of his position.

His baleful aura was close to turning into a physical substance, far surpassing those of the other disciples. A simple glance and the onlookers could see in his surrounding emptiness, everything seemed to undergo a minute change.

In the instant that Bai Xiaochun looked at Song Que, concurrently, Song Que was also unexpectedly looking at Bai Xiaochun, as if he was also looking for Bai Xiaochun. When the gazes of the two people met, an intense feeling of danger made Bai Xiaochun’s heart madly jump. That sort of feeling, seemed to have instantly made him return to the nameless forest from that year when he fought with Chen Heng.

...

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1st guaranteed chapter of the week. (15 Owed). Sorry for the inconveniences over these past 2-3 weeks. Our ATTE team is currently super unorganised as of now and a number of chapters need to translation check and editing. Sorry for delaying our releases and we hope you can be patient. Our weekly guaranteed chapters will be lowered to 3-4 chapters a week with 2 sponsored chapters until we catch up. Sorry for the inconveniences!

Translator: Sean

TLC: Ayu

Editors: MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Ayu

From xianXiaWorld

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 - They Must Be Doing It Intentionally!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 143 - They Must Be Doing It Intentionally!

Bai Xiaochun sucked in a deep breath as he slowly withdrew his gaze. As he glanced at the surrounding crowd, he found Xu Xiaoshan, who was introduced in the jade slip.

Xu Xiaoshan was the easiest to recognise. He possessed a handsome appearance and wore a complacent expression. Whenever he looked at people, he would always lift his chin, as if there was nothing that would make him look at someone or something directly. Both Xu Xiaoshan’s appearance and temperament was that of a pampered young master; it was especially conspicious.

Beside Xu Xiaoshan were two extremely beautiful female disciple.

One of which was massaging his shoulders while the other was peeling fresh fruit by his side and feeding him.

Bai Xiaochun felt slightly envious as he gazed at the scene. At the same time, Bai Xiaochun gradually discovered that the disciples of the Blood Creek Sect were acting almost identically to Song Que and were occasionally sneaking a few glances at him.

Their gazes were completely different from the defiant gaze of those in Pill Creek Sect and different from the contempt from the Mysterious Creek Sect. A large number of gazes from the Blood Creek Sect carried a sense of restrained fear whenever glanced at him; killing intent could also be seen within their gaze.

Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun felt his mouth went dry. The gazes from the disciples of the Blood Creek Sect caused him to have a feeling of trepidation. The information within the jade slips which belonged to the disciples of the Blood Creek Sect contained a large amount of information regarding the other sects. This information aroused a strong sense of curiosity within Bai Xiaochun.

The cultivator leading the Blood Creek Sect was an elder who wore a long crimson robe. Even his hair was a scarlet red, and his complexion was quite fair. He had a slight hunched back but his eyes seemed to be awe-inspiring. The elder stuck out his tongue and licked his lips as he inspected the surrounding crowd.

As for his tongue, it was unexpectedly different from that of a normal persons’, it seemed to have a snake-like fork at the tip of his tongue; the sight of this caused the scalps the surrounding disicples to feel numb.

Ouyang Jie, the Hai-surnamed cultivator, as well as the Lin-surnamed cultivator* stopped their conversation, and instead simultaneously looked at the Blood Creek Sect, and when they looked at the snake tongued old elder from the Blood Creek Sect, the expressions of the Hai and Lin surnamed cultivators greatly changed as they took a deep breath. Even Ouyang Jie wore a solemn expression.

“She Linzi, your Blood Creek Sect has arrived late.” Ouyang Jie spoke abruptly in an unfriendly tone.

“Hehe, it’s not this old man who came late, but it was you three sects that arrived early.” The snake tongued old man rolled his eyes and revealed a fake smile as he spoke; murderous intent appeared in his eyes as he gazed at Ouyang Jie.

The glares of the two seemed to contain some sort of eye related magical technique, immediately activating in the instant that they met each other’s eyes. It was as if a soundless explosion occurred between the two. In the end, Ouyang Jie humphed in a depressed manner; his complexion was sightly pale. He flourished his sleeve and retreated a few steps before returning to the front of the people from the Spirit Creek Sect.

As for the snake tongued old man, his eyes also f lashed; and with the internal Qi and blood boiling, he retreated half a step back. When he raised his head, an odd light appeared in his eyes.

“Old man Ouyang, we haven’t met in a number of years! Your cultivation has improved incredibly. Nevermind, we still have lots of time to talk about old times. Since my Blood Creek Sect has arrived, let’s open the Meteor Sword Abyss so that we can begin refining and cultivating earlier!” As the snake tongued old man raised his right hand, a remnant piece of a jade pendant immediately flew out and floated in midair.

The two people, Hai and Lin, glanced at each other and also took out their respective remnant pieces of the jade pendant. The pair threw the jade pendants in succession, followed by the fourth jade piece which had been tossed out from within Ouyang Jie’s sleeve; the four jade pieces immediately joined up in midair, forming a complete jade pendant.

Rays of light began to potrude from the protective barrier on the earth beside the Meteor Sword; the barrier slowly began ripping apart, forming cracks. Judging from its appearance, a gateway should open in almost half an incense stick’s worth of time.

This scene attracted the attention of all of the surrounding Qi Condensation cultivators. The moment Bai Xiaochun looked over, Ouyang Jie’s voice echoed throughout the ears of every disciple from Spirit Creek Sect.

“There are over forty entrances to the world within the sword. A maximum of ten people can pass through each entrance, and every time, the first battle would be the struggle for entrances. The issue of ambushes always happens each time, so you should join forces as much as possible, and hold your own in there!”

“Remember what I explained to you earlier. If you encounter disciples from the other sects, you cannot be softhearted. Under the circumstances of protecting your own life, if you can kill - kill. You should collect as much Earthern Pulse Qi into your Dao Jar as quickly as possible. By condensing it into the Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor, we would be able to shake the Earth Pulse Qi in the entire Meteoric Sword Abyss!”

When Ouyang Jie was quietly briefing the people from the Spirit Creek Sect, the Foundation Establishment group leaders from the other three sects were also currently briefing similar words to the disciples from their respective sects.

Ouyang Jie waved his right hand, and a hundred small blue bottles immediately flew straight towards the crowd, and everyone got one.

“This is a Dao Jar!” At this moment, loud booms were echoing out from the protective light screens on the cracks in the area surrounding the Meteoric Sword. It was quickly torn apart, forming a three zhang long gap.

After entering this gap, follow the cracks of various sizes in the ground to enter the abyss. In the abyss area, numerous gaps in the Meteoric Sword would be visible, allowing you to enter the world within the sword by stepping into any one of those cracks.

“The four great sects mutually controls this area, and there are also the patriarchs from either side that makes sure that Foundation Establishment cannot step inside. However, the time taken cannot be too long; the opening of the holy land can only be maintained for three months. After three months, you have to leave, no matter whether you succeeded or failed. When you leave, I will be waiting for you outside.”

“Furthermore, although it’s impossible for you to encounter an extreme situation, past generations of disciples who have entered the holy land have always been told that this holy land has four teleportation arrays that have been set up by the patriarchs of the four great sects in the past. The formation array will only be activated when an extreme situation that results in an unavoidable situation occurs in the area. It will teleport you all back to the sect by differentiating you all according to the techniques that you have cultivated. Even if an error occurs, it will still send you to the continent that the sect is located at.”

“An unavoidable situation does not include the fights that occurs between the disciples of the four sects! Finally, regardless whether an Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment succeeds or not, I hope that you all can… come back alive!” Ouyang Jie’s gaze swept across the crowd. His previous ice-cold complexion turned gentle, one could see encouragement in his eyes as he gazed at his disciples. This was especially true when his eyes landed on Bai Xiaochun and Gui Ya, he had high expectations for them.

At this moment, after noticing the exposed entrance, the disciples of the Blood Creek Sect flew out in an instant, heading directly towards the entrance.

Within the Spirit Creek Sect, Gui Ya was the first one to charge out. Shangguan Tianyou subsequently flew out, causing the various Heaven’s Chosen to hastily follow suit.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath and using his fastest speed, he instantaneously took out seven or eight pieces of leather clothing from his storage pouch, wearing them as he flew out. He also took out a big black pot, and when he carried it on his back, a hint of resoluteness appeared in his eyes. As he endured his trembling heart, he stepped into the entrance with clenched teeth. He didn’t move alone, and instead, he followed the many disciples of the Spirit Creek Sect and stepped in together.

Very quickly, the disciples from the four great sects all stepped into the crack one after the other. After they disappeared, Ouyang Jie and the snake tongued old man, as well as the two cultivators Hai and Lin looked at each other without saying a word. They respectively sat in a cross-legged position at the position of the entrance. They were vigilant, and at the same time, they were guarding the entrance as they silently waited.

There were numerous cracks of various sizes on the ground surrounding the Meteoric Sword. The disciples of the Spirit Creek Sectdidn’t choose to be all together. For example, Gui Ya, Beihan Lie as well as Gongsun Wan’er and the others respectively set off on their own.

The other disciples split into two batches, according to the North and South Bank, and chose different cracks to step into the abyss from. The Pill Creek Sect and the Mysterious Creek Sect were more or less similar to them. Only the disciples of Blood Creek Sect, for the most part, moved alone as they had no trust in each other. Even if some of them joined hands, it would be two or three people working together at most.

Bai Xiaochun was carrying a big black pot, and with a wary face, he nervously followed behind the disciples of the South Bank. When he entered the abyss he felt his surroundings suddenly become freezing cold; with bursts of cold air continuously rising from the abyss below, as if it wanted to drill into his body and freeze his blood and Qi. However, perhaps it was because his skin was too thick, this cold air actually couldn’t drill into his skin...

The more he went downwards, the more cold air there was. Fortunately, the distance between this place and the surface wasn’t far. After the crowd operated their cultivation, the cold air was forced out of their bodies, and for the most part, they were unimpeded.

Merely, when these disciples of the South Bank saw that Bai Xiaochun was actually following behind them, they felt flabbergasted from the bottom of their hearts. That feeling quickly changed to being pleasantly surprised. With Bai Xiaochun around, they felt that their own safety had increased by a large amount. They were all at the tenth layer of Qi Condensation, and although they had an air of arrogance, towards Bai Xiaochun- no matter what they thought about Bai Xiaochun- they did acknowledge him in terms of strength.

At this moment, each and every one of the disciples stepped aside, and circled around Bai Xiaochun as they cupped their fists as a greeting.

“I pay my respects to Senior Uncle Bai!”

“Senior Uncle Bai’s loyalty and righteousness is as high as the heavens! Instead of being like Shangguan Tianyou and the others who left us alone, you stayed with us.”

“Now this is what being our south bank's Heaven's Chosen is about. Senior Uncle Bai, I am Zhou Youdao, do you still remember me? That time your acid rain left me in a miserable state…”

Bai Xiaochun looked at the dispersing crowd, and suddenly, he saw that he had actually reached the front; he was immediately startled. In actuality, he planned to follow behind the crowd so that it will be slightly safer. But, once he heard the words of the surrounding people, he blinked his eyes and immediately coughed as he lifted his chin up, assuming the appearance of a senior.

“Haha, you don’t need to worry, with me, the senior, here, who dares to give us any trouble!”

Everyone was happy, and crowded around Bai Xiaochun as he advanced, especially that inner sect disciple from the Purple Cauldron Mountain, Zhou Youdao, who had a face full of smiles.

Hou Yunfei was beside Bai Xiaochun. Looking at Bai Xiaochun’s equipment and looking at his expression that was like a senior’s, Hou Yunfei smiled. It was as if he had returned to the previous battle with the Fallen Chen Clan.

“Xiaochun, keep it up! You must succeed in getting an Earth Pulse Foundation Establishment!” Hou Yunfei spoke with a deep voice.

“I wish it too. Do you think that these people are doing it intentionally… I originally planned to follow behind them, how did it became them following behind me, now.” When no one was paying attention to him, Bai Xiaochun took advantage of that and sullenly spoke quickly to Hou Yunfei.

Hou Yunfei’s expression turned odd, and he let out a dry cough. He suddenly felt that with Bai Xiaochun around, no matter how serious and dangerous a region is, it would instantly become weird and joyful…..

“Nevermind. After all, I am the Honourable Disciple and the Sect Head’s Junior Brother. During that year in the South Bank, I made them suffer when I implicated them in my pill refining. I, Bai Xiaochun, am a reasonable person” Bai Xiaochun comforted himself and stuck out his chest, displaying the face of an expert. In actuality, he was very nervous as he advanced cautiously.

Within these cracks, there were also disciples from other sects. Some of them were alone and some of them were in groups of three to five. Seeing this group of over ten people, everyone immediately avoided them and did not provoke them. Even the ones that thought of themself as rather powerful only looked at the group with cold light flashing in their eyes and left rapidly without stopping.

Soon, a crack on a sword’s body appeared in front of everyone. Two rainbows beside the crack speeded towards them and the distance between it and the group was not far.

Seeing this, Bai Xiaochun immediately didn’t dare to proceed. The several tens of disciples from the Spirit Creek Sect who were surrounding him, each had a hostile expression as all of them made finger gestures, and within the blink of an eye, numerous magical techniques roared over.

The cultivators within the two long rainbows came from the Blood Creek Sect. The complexions of the two people changed, and they immediately turned around, hurriedly avoiding them. However, there were too many magical techniques in the surroundings, and though they avoided a few, there were still some that landed on their bodies. When they spat out fresh blood, they rapidly retreated; looking ferociously at the people from the Spirit Creek Sect.

Bai Xiaochun was pleasantly surprised. He discovered that there was truly strength in numbers, and it was so easy to obtain a gap. However, due to his status, he coughed and didn’t step inside, and instead let other people go in first.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2nd guaranteed chapter of the week. (15 Owed) (If anyone would like to join ATTE’s discord server, I’ll leave this here - https://discord.gg/BwFapQG )

Translator: Sean

TLC: GT

Editors: MantouInv, Cannibaloid, Ayu

From XianXiaWorld

Footnotes:

Condensing the Earthen Qi Pulse Attractor: It is mention previously in 141: " Earthen Pulse Qi, which could be collected into the Dao Jar to accumulate and form an Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor. Like lock and key, the other Earthen Pulse Qi was the ninety-nine percent of the total Earthen Pulse Qi in the Meteoric Sword World, which was spread throughout the entire Meteoric Sword World, and out of one’s reach through normal means. However, it could only be gathered through the attractor."

Through condensing the Dao Jar with Earthern pulse qi, it will become an Earthen pulse qi attractor which can pull the earthern pulse qi unattainable through normal means from the Meteoric Sword World to whomever holds the Earthern Pulse Qi Attractor.

Hai and lin: Means Ocean and forest respectively (Hai and lin was translated to english directly in 141 as they greeted Ouyang Jie as Jackal Daoist, the Jackal word having no correlation to his name. It is now revealed that these might be their surname and has hence been reverted to chinese pinyin.)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 - Grandpa Bai Will Fight It Out With You!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 144 - Grandpa Bai Will Fight It Out With You!

As for whether or not there would be an ambush at the entrance, this issue couldn’t be helped, you could only rely on yourself. Jade slips were also unable to transmit information. However, if there were many disciples from the same sect entering, generally, there wouldn’t be any big incidences unless it was an extremely deadly ambush.

After four disciples entered the crevice, Hou Yunfei also chose to step through. However, the moment before he entered, he spoke to Bai Xiaochun, hoping he would take care of his junior brother Hou Yunqing if he experienced any unexpected accidents. Hou Yunqing, besides Hou Yunfei, was the most valued child of the Hou family. He hadn’t entered Spirit Creek Sect yet and was instead cultivating within the clan.

Bai Xiaochun immediately consoled him, causing Hou Yunfei to become less pessimistic. He covertly gave Hou Yunfei a handful of paper talismans, which caused caused him to be startled by the handful of paper talismans. Gazing at the amount of paper talismans, Hou Yunfei sucked in a deep breath, seemingly moved. He nodded towards Bai Xiaochun before gravely stepping nside.

Following Hou Yunfei’s fading figure, the crevice slowly dimmed closed. Only after this did the crowd speed along downwards. Although Bai Xiaochun was worried about Hou Yunfei, after some thought, he believed the possibility of encountering any problems would be low as there were five people. Thus, he lead the crowd and continued moving forward.

After an incense stick’s worth of time, the group started to chat. They brought up events that happened when Bai Xiaochun resided within the South Bank and conversed about their future plans and dreams. The moment Bai Xiaochun smacked his chest and proudly announced that his dream was to become an immortal, it provoked the laughter of the large crowd of disciples; Zhou Youdao even loudly announced that his dream was to become the patriarch of the Spirit Creek Sect.

On the seemingly cruel road to Foundation Establishment, in this moment, the participants seemed to be relaxed. Under Bai Xiaochun’s lead, the crowd of disciples steamrolled their way through. The instant they caught a glimps of a crevice, they would instantly fight for it, while Bai Xiaochun’s voice would incessantly echo out in this abyss.

“Beat him up!”

“This is ours now!”

“Get out of here! This place is ours!”

“Hey! You actually dare to glare at me, beat him up!”

Along this boisterous journey, the crowd of Spirit Creek Sect disciples who fought alongside Bai Xiaochun gradually decreased. The moment before every disciple stepped into a crevice, they would express their gratitude to Bai Xiaochun.The feeling that with a single wave of his hand, he would receive a hundred responses and each of these surrounding disciples would move, also left Bai Xiaochun feeling incredibly excited.

“This is the feeling of being a Heaven’s Chosen, it’s no wonder that so many people wish to strive to become a Heaven’s Chosen.” Bai Xiaochun breathed a regretful sigh, until a battle with unexpectly more than ten people suddenly came into his line of vision. They fought ahead in the area surrounding the Sword’s Body, and impressively, there were three crevices there. However, two disciples from Blood Creek Sect occupied the area around each of the crevices, totalling up to six disciples altogether. The six disciples were quite powerful, and they unexpectedly blocked the intrusion attempts of the surrounding eight or nine people.

Seeing that the battle was currently in a deadlock, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened. The remaining disciples of the Spirit Creek Sect also became excited. Following Bai Xiaochun’s ear-piercing roar, the crowd of Spirit Creek Sect disciples rapidly charged over.

“This is ours now!”

The six disciples from the Blood Creek Sect were carrying out a mission from the sect and had been holding their ground here for a long time. However, at this moment, they were somewhat exhausted. The moment the crowd of disciples from Spirit Creek Sect arrived, the expressions of the six changed. Without hesitation, the Blood Creek Sect disciples unexpectedly entered the crevice in the instant that Bai Xiaochun and the others arrived, disappearing upon their appearance.

The surrounding eight or nine disciples from the Pill Creek Sect and the Mysterious Creek Sect were about to charge in, but they were immediately blown away by bursts of magical techniques. When they looked over again, the three crevices had already been directly occupied by Bai Xiaochun and the others.

“Humph! Obediently step aside! Today, your Grandpa Bai is in a good mood and won’t bother you.” Bai Xiaochun relied on the fact that he had a great number of disciples following him as he proudly commanded. The expressions of the surrounding eight to nine people gradually changed one by one.

“It’s him again!!”

“This person is called Bai Xiaochun, he’s too despicable! During this journey, he and his crowd have robbed me three times!”

“Damn it! He has also robbed me twice! If he hadn’t come, I would’ve already entered the world within the sword!”

They were from different sects, and so it was hard for them to join hands. Furthermore, even if they presently joined hands, they still wouldn’t have as many people as Spirit Creek Sect’s. Thus, they helplessly and furiously gazed at the Spirit Creek Sect disciples as they disappear one by one after entering the three crevices.

Bai Xiaochun’s heart was full of satisfaction as he watched the first crevice dim after five people entered, and again watched the second crevice dim after three people entered. He felt that he had done an enormous deed for the sect.

At this moment, he dryly coughed, feeling that he could retire after doing a meritorious deed. Thus, with the remaining five disciples of the Spirit Creek Sect, he approached the third crevice. The surrounding eight or nine people from the Pill Creek Sect and the Mysterious Creek Sect had a light in their eyes, but they knew that they would be too late, even if they made a move to block him now.

Even if the crevice didn’t dim after the Spirit Creek Sect entered and still allowed people to enter, they didn’t dare to enter, worried that there would be an ambush inside.

They were about to disperse and hurry to look for the next crevice. However, right at this moment, the eyes of the present disciples sharpened. Some were even blank for a moment, then a fiendish look appeared in their eyes and they sneered.

In front of their eyes, that third crevice, after the fifth disciple of the Spirit Creek Sect, Zhou Youdao, entered; in the instant that Bai Xiaochun tried to enter, it suddenly...dimmed.

“This can’t be possible!!”

Bai Xiaochun was also stunned. The instant he was forcibly expelled out, he swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Hastily, he turned his head, only to see the eight to nine disciples surrounding him. Each and every one of them had a hostile gaze as they slowly approached him.

Each one of them was at the peak of the tenth layer of Qi Condensation and every single one of them was a Heaven’s Chosen in the current generation of their respective sects. All of them were well known within their sects, and some were even worshipped by their fellow sect disciples. Despite not being equal to those disciples in their respective sects that would make people despair, they were still people with quite the talent.

“Bai Xiaochun, go ahead and enter, quickly go in.”

“Yeah! If you don’t go in, we’ll help you. Maybe if we cut you into pieces, you might be able to enter.”

“Haha! This is retribution. Previously, you brought people to rob me three times. This time, what are you going to do?” The crowd sneered as their cruel aura filled the air. The Bai Xiaochun at this moment had already become their common enemy.

Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. The moment the eight odd people made a move, his right hand immediately reached for his storage pouch, and immediately took out a big handful of paper talismans. Then he ruthlessly slapped them on his chest in an instant. A brilliant light shined in an instant and in a couple seconds it even became glaring to the eyes. In the circle twenty zhang surrounding Bai Xiaochun, everything impressively turned into a world of light!

There was even a slamming sound that continuously echoed out. This sound gradually became even more and more concentrated until it almost became ear-splitting.

The eight odd disciples widened their eyes, their minds buzzed, incapable of believing the Bai Xiaochun in front of their eyes. Looking at the brilliant colours within the twenty zhang surrounding him, there were over a hundred layers of protective light screens surrounding him. This made every single person feel their scalp numb. They had never seen a scene like this in their entire lives.

“This… How many paper talismans are there?”

“Heavens! How rich is this guy?! Damn it! This protective screen…Even if the number of disciples here were several times more, they wouldn’t be able to blow this apart within a short period of time, not to mention us!” The minds of the eight odd disciples were shaken, they were thoroughly shocked by Bai Xiaochun. A shocked expression appeared in their eyes as they gazed at Bai Xiaochun.

Bai Xiaochun stood straight with his head high and chest out as he clasped his hands and raised his chin. His face had some melancholy, as if he had the loneliness of an expert…

“You guys are such bullies! Come! Your Grandpa Bai will fight with you!” Bai Xiaochun loudly roared, seemingly wanting to fight.

Following Bai Xiaochun’s roar, the Magnetic Yuan Wings in the big black pot on his back suddenly swept out. His body abruptly sped up and had already appeared infront of a disciple. Directly colliding with the body of a long faced youth from the Mysterious Creek Sect.

To be accurate, he did not directly collide with the youth. The long faced youth from the Mysterious Creek Sect was the one who collided with Bai Xiaochun’s protective light screen, letting out a miserable shriek that could be heard even after he was sent flying twenty zhang away. Although he managed to stop some distance away with some difficulty, he was driven mad as he wiped away his fresh blood. Gazing at the thick protective light screen on Bai Xiaochun’s body, his expression turned complicated. He let out a mournful sigh as he turned around, soaring into the distance.

He was depressed; however, he was unable to do anything about it. He didn’t think that he had the ability to shatter Bai Xiaochun’s protective light screen. Rather than wasting his magical power, it would be better to enter the world within the sword earlier.

This scene caused the minds of the surrounding crowd tremble. After realising that they were not be able to do anything to Bai Xiaochun, the group of eight odd disciples felt depressed as they dispersed; they used their full speed to leave.

After all, they still hadn’t entered a crevice and they were not willing to fight with their lives against Bai Xiaochun here.

“Don’t run! Let’s have a decisive battle until dawn!”

“You guys are despicable bullies! Come back right now!” Bai Xiaochun’s voice incessantly echoed out. The group of disciple had a headache from Bai Xiaochun’s voice, causing them to leave at an even quicker speed.

Instantly, the surroundings were emptied. Bai Xiaochun blinked, feeling relaxed from the bottom of his heart. If the eight odd disciples cooperated, even he would have to spend a large amount of time fighting them, however, the Earth Pulse Foundation Establishment was the most important thing at this time.

After keeping the protective tailsmans on his body, only half of each paper talisman were used up, and they could still be re-used.

Bai Xiaochun raised his chin and assumed the image of a lonely expert as he flourished his sleeves.

“I, Bai Xiaochun, am not a pushover!”

His body blurred as he advanced deeper at a high speed. His body constantly made jerking motions as he followed the surrounding rocks which protruded out of the rock walls as well as the cracks. He continuously headed deeper, looking for a crevice within the massive sword.

As for entering the world within the sword with a slower speed, there were also advantages and disadvantages.

If one entered the world within the Sword’s Body earlier, one could slaughter Earth Pulse Evil Beasts in there earlier and obtain the Earth Pulse Qi. But there are also very serious disadvantages. After all, the more one head deeper in the world within the Sword’s Body, the Earth Pulse Qi that has been accumulated by the Earth Pulse Evil Beasts will also increase. If you head deeper and managed to kill an Evil Beast, the amount of Earth Pulse Qi which can be obtained is comparable to over ten Evil Beasts from the surface*[1].

If one wished to condense the Earth Pulse Qi, the amount of Earth Pulse Qi that is needed would also be enormous.

At the same time, the size of the world within the Sword’s Body was too large, and there were also special evil spirits that existed within it which had to be avoided most of the time. Thus, if one wanted to hurry to the depths of the Sword’s body, it would be faster to move from outside of the sword blade.

Only, the deeper you went outside the Sword’s Body, the stronger the coldness from the abyss will be. And if you reached a certain point, it wouldn’t be an area that Qi Condensation can enter. On the contrary, you would receive the protection of the Sword’s Body in the world within the sword, and so you wouldn’t have such concerns. So, the choice to enter in advance or not depended upon the strength of the individual, and it was hard to decide whether it was good or bad.

Towards the cold air here, Bai Xiaochun had some resistance towards it. Bai Xiaochun pondered for a bit, however, since he couldn’t enter earlier, he decided not to worry, and might as well head to the deepest area that he could go to, and choose a crevice from that place, allowing him to be ahead of many people.

Time passed, Bai Xiaochun’s speed was extremely fast. There seemed to be no one in his surroundings, and unknowingly, he had already surpassed the boundary where a cultivator from Qi Condensation could step into. The surrounding cold air was becoming increasingly strong, till it reached the point where he also felt bodily discomfort. His four limbs were slowly stiffening. If he continued heading down, he would suffer serious injury.

Only then did he take a deep breath, and lowered his head to look downwards. This abyss seemed to have no end, and was pitch-black.

“At most, I can only go down one hundred zhang more…” Bai Xiaochun attempted to use a cold resisting paper talisman, but after he discovered that it had no use, he shook his head, and started to look for crevices in the big sword as he was running out of time. Suddenly, after he descended over thirty zhang, his body suddenly paused. Unexpectedly he faintly saw that there was a figure not too far away from him, beside the big sword.

This person also immediately noticed Bai Xiaochun, and in an instant, when the gazes of the two people were only separated by the cold fog, Bai Xiaochun immediately recognised this person who had a fierce, cold gaze.

“Blood Creek Sect, Song Que!”

“Spirit Creek Sect, Bai Xiaochun!”

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Second guaranteed chapter of the week. (17 Owed) We made a mistake in the last chapter, it was meant to be the first guaranteed of the week, and this would be the second guaranteed chapter.

Translator: Sean

TLC: Sliver, Ayu

Editors: MantouInv, Ayu, Cannibaloid

From XianXiaWorld

Join us on ATTE’s Discord Server to discuss about Bai Xiaochun’s immortal turtle shenanigans

Footnotes:

[1] Surface here is meant further up in the Sword’s Body, not so much “from the surface”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 - You Must Be Killed!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 145 - You Must Be Killed!

Bai Xiaochun felt as if he had been hit on the head. The person in front of him was indeed able to kill a cultivator at the Foundation Establishment. He was an unprecedented fierce person who would confront the heavens. In Bai Xiaochun’s thoughts, such a person should’ve already entered the world within the sword. Why would he still be in the abyss outside the sword, moreover, why would he come to this sort of this deep area?

Bai Xiaochun immediately felt a strong sense of peril as he sensed a wave of killing intent spreading out from Song Que as he stared at Bai Xiaochun. It was as if the moment he moved, it would immediately attract the killing intent and causing it to erupt instantly.

Song Que was also apprehensive. He never thought that there would actually be a second person that was also able come here. It should be known that the intensity of the cold air here far surpassed the limits of Qi Condensation, and even if it was a Heaven’s Chosen, it would also be very hard to come here. However, this Bai Xiaochun actually came here like it was nobody’s business, and he seemed as if he could move unrestrainedly.

At this moment, as he was gazed at Bai Xiaochun, Song Que’s gaze became increasingly serious. Recalling the sect's jade slip’s introduction of Bai Xiaochun, his gaze slightly sank.

The two were silent, not a single person moved. In Song Que’s awareness, the Bai Xiaochun was unfathomable. Although there was no killing intent shown, his intuition told him that, if he made a move, he feared that … between the two of them, undoubtedly one of them will die, and he didn’t have the complete confidence that the person who would live would be him.

After a long time, Song Que abruptly spoke.

“There’s a crevice twenty zhang below.”

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flashed. Supressing his quickening heartbeat, he slowly moved deeper. Unbeknownst to him, following his movement downwards as he increased proximity to Song Que, Song Que’s heartbeat also quickened as he watched Bai Xiaochun’s body, making his preparations for a counter attack if the other party made a move.

When the distance between him and Song Que was only several zhang, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes swept. Song Que suddenly shifted, having had the area of the sword blade behind him covered, a fierce look appeared in his eyes.

“Being so suspicious, he’s definitely up to no good!” Bai Xiaochun thought in his heart as he cautiously moved deeper. After moving down twenty zhangs, sure enough, he saw a crevice. He carefully examined it, and only after he confirmed that it had no problems did he relax and step into the crevice with one step.

Song Que also similarly relaxed. But whenever he thought about Bai Xiaochun’s introduction in the sect’s jade slip, he didn’t dare to lower his guard. Only after Bai Xiaochun stepped into the gap and disappeared, did he feel thoroughly relieved. A fierce look appeared in his eyes. Ever since his cultivation reached the sixth layer of Qi Condensation, he had never been as careful as he was today, and he actually told the other party the location of the crevice on his own accord.

“Although this Bai Xiaochun is impressive, once my plan is completed, killing him will be like crushing ants!” A hint of killing intent appeared within Song Que’s eyes; when he turned around and looked towards the sword body behind him, the killing intent in his eyes turned into ferventness, it even had a hint of madness within it.

“As expected, Senior Wu Ji’s analysis was not wrong. This is the location of a node!”

Within the Meteoric Sword Abyss, the moment Bai Xiaochun stepped into the crevice, it seemed like he had penetrated through a layer of water and appeared in a world of black and white.

The sky was white coloured while the earth was black coloured; it was as if the entire world was an ink painting...

He could see the mountain ranges undulating, the black coloured river silently flowing, and even further into the distance, there seemed to be many pairs of eyes in the sky, like stars that were slowly blinking.

The most astonishing thing was that the entire world was slanted. As Bai Xiaochun stood there, he felt like the entire world was like a hillside.

It took a long while for him to get accustomed to this kind of strange phenomenon.

“What is this sword?! It actually birthed a world inside it. Although it’s very small compared to the real world, it’s still inconceivable.” Bai Xiaochun sucked in a deep breath as he inspected his surroundings. There weren’t any people in this area. According to his judgement, although this place wasn’t the deepest area, it was already too deep for those disciples from the four sects that had entered earlier.

Bai Xiaochun pondered for a moment before running downwards whilst carrying a sense of vigilance, leaving the place that he entered from. After half an incense stick’s worth of time, he crossed a small hill, however, his expression changed dramatically. He immediately raised his right hand and using two fingers, revealed a dazzling silver light and suddenly pinched towards the side of his body.

An invisible being on the side of his body undulated, causing a black snake around the thickness of a finger to unexpectedly appeared out of thin air. It was if it had taken the initiative to deliver itself into Bai Xiaochun's hand, allowing him to grasp its head whilst its mouth was agape.

That small snake let out a shrill yell, breaking the silence within the area as it struggled. Its body instantly twisted around Bai Xiaochun’s arm, ruthlessly tightening itself onto Bai Xiaochun’s arm.

The powerful strength of the snake caused Bai Xiaochun to become shocked. Were it not for his corporeal body’s strength reaching the level of touching upon the first layer of the shackles of life, perhaps this small snake could struggle free.

At this moment, he forcefully pinched his two fingers, and with a snapping sound, he directly blasted the skull of the small snake into smithereens. The snake could no longer struggle. It could be seen with the naked eye that the body of the small snake had turned into a strand of grey qi in the black and white world. It was as thick as an incense stick, and it floated there without scattering.

“So this is the Earth Pulse Qi?” Bai Xiaochun immediately took out his Dao jar, and after opening it, he absorb the strand of Earth Pulse Qi. It flashed in his hand, causing Bai Xiaochun to discover that this strand of Earth Pulse Qi had turned into a drop of grey coloured water within the Dao jar.

“If I want to fill it up, I more or less need one thousand more drops…” Bai Xiaochun was somewhat speechless as he looked upwards. He estimated that if he stayed within this area, he would need to kill at least one thousand more evil beasts, however, in the areas above* [1], he feared that the number one needed to kill would be even greater. Perhaps it wasn't certain that killing ten thousand beasts would be enough.

“I need to do it as quickly as possible so I can immediately condense the Earth Pulse Qi.” Bai Xiaochun sprinted forward at a terrifying speed in order to look for Evil Beast. He sprinted throughout the entire journey, and three days later, Bai Xiaochun glanced into his Dao jar, he had accumulated approximately thirty drops of the grey coloured liquid, causing him to furrow his brows.

During these three days, he had killed several tens of evil beasts and had only obtained this much liquid. He felt that this speed was too slow.

“With this speed, I’ll need two or more months to be able to condense the Earth Pulse Qi.” Bai Xiaochun clenched his teeth and felt that he should go even deeper in order to obtain better gains. Thus, his body flashed as he moved forward at extreme speeds. After twelve hours, his footsteps suddenly paused. In front of him not too far away, unexpectedly, there were two corpses.

This was the first time that Bai Xiaochun saw an outsider during these three days. Clearly, the other party had rapidly rushed in after entering, or had a special opportunity to be able to be ahead of Bai Xiaochun.

One of the two corpses was wearing the clothes of the Spirit Creek Sect, and was an inner sect disciple of the South Bank. The other corpse was wearing the clothes of the Pill Creek Sect. The two people seemed to have mutually killed each other. The hand of that disciple from the Pill Creek Sect still held his Dao jar.

Bai Xiaochun looked at that dead disciple of the South Bank. He glanced at the dead disciple, recognising him as Zhou Youdao from the inner sect of the Purple Cauldron Mountain, he was also one of the last five people who entered the third crevice. He enthusiastically called him Senior Uncle Ba within the abyss outside the sword and on their journey, they had also fought together to crush the other sects. Bai Xiaochun never would’ve thought that he would die here.

This was a feeling that was very hard to describe. Several days ago, they were laughing together, however, when they met each other again, they were already separated forever by the line between life and death. It seemed as if death shrouded this world, turning into a constant pressure reminding Bai Xiaochun that this place was full of the dangers of death, and if he was even a little bit careless, he would definitely die. Even if he died, he would be used by others as a trap.

Anger filled Bai Xiaochun’s eyes as he tightly clenched his fist. Besides Feng Yan from that year, this was Bai Xiaochun’s first true meaning of seeing a fellow sect member die. He felt sad and sorrowful in his heart. He remembered that Zhou Youdao had once said that his dream was to become the patriarch of the Spirit Creek Sect.

“Cultivation is for an even better life, for your dreams… but why… is there fighting and killing… is this the price for a better life?” Bai Xiaochun became silent. He could obviously tell with a glance that this was a trap, however, he still chose… to walk over.

It was at this moment when he approached the two corpses that suddenly, bursts of explosions echoed out from the surrounding area. It was as if a pill had exploded, causing its content to spread out and form mist. This extremely poisonous mist spread directly towards Bai Xiaochun.

At the same time, a flying sword flew amidst this mist, it approached at an extremely terrifying speed which seemed to resemble the speed of lightning. An illusory scorpion twisted around the flying sword, letting out bursts of mournful cries, it was as the sword was crying out instead!

On the other side, several explosive pills which contained impressive power suddenly arrived, causing the sounds of spatial collapse to echo out.

On the left, there was a flying sword; on the right, there were explosive pills. There was also the poisonous mist formation array surrounding the area, turning it into a death arena. If an ordinary person stepped into it, he would undoubtedly die without question.

“Die!” When a cold snort resounded out from within the mist, Bai Xiaochun’s qi was submerged within his dantian. His complexion turned gloomy, and the supressed emotions in his heart exploded out like a volcanic eruption.

“It’s you who is going to die!” His voice sounded like booming thunder, it even caused an endless gale to rise. It turned to its surroundings, suddenly attacking like it was toppling the mountains and overturning the seas.

His hair flew upwards, his eyes held killing intent, and his aura seemed to shocked the heavens!

Bai Xiaochun’s thunderous voice which carried his sorrows but also carried his anger, echoed out towards the heavens and earth; the loud voice shook the heavens and his attack turned into a series of sonic booms instantly pushing away the poisonous mist that surrounded Bai Xiaochun, causing it to rapidly drift towards its surroundings.

Within the blink of an eye, the poisonous mist was pushed away ten zhang, causing the flying sword and explosive pills on both sides of Bai Xiaochun to instantly become exposed. There was a male and female, disciples of the Pill Creek Sect, whose faces were overwhelmed with shock.

That scorpion atop the flying sword let out a mournful screech, and as if it was ink, was instantoy wiped away by Bai Xiaochun’s hand. The sword blade let out cracking sounds and dimmed after losing its spirit power; it trembled as it was directly swept into the distance.

As for the numerous explosive pills, although they had exploded, the power that was contained inside seemed to have been deeply supressed, and unexpectedly, it was unable to detonate in Bai Xiaochun’s direction. Instead, they all exploded in a different direction.

At this moment, something indistinct seemed to have appeared in the heavens and earth, causing an even more astonishing aura to erupt around Bai Xiaochun’s body. His figure seemed to have grown larger and his voice resounded in all directions.

“Those who have killed the disciples of my Spirit Creek Sect must be killed!”

His words struck as if it was thunder! His words seemed if they could kill!

The surrounding attacks became even stronger, and beneath the explosions, the strength of the gale reached its pinnacle. Perhaps the gale wasn't merely wind, and it also contained Bai Xiaochun’s killing intent! On Bai Xiaochun’s body, the aura formed by the Spirit of Life after comprehending the Water Nation Technique suddenly appeared!

This aura seemed as if it was a huge hand which could topple mountains and overturned seas! So much so that bursts of water vapour formed in the surroundings; the Water Nation Technique… seemed to have descended upon the world as if it were a god!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Third guaranteed chapter of the week. (17 owed) 146 won’t be coming out for a while as it has yet to be translated and our translators are currently MIA. If there’s anyone who wishes to join ATTE as a translator, please apply! Come chat with us on ATTE’s discord server: https://discord.gg/4VyB4WV

Translator: Sean

TLC: Sliver, Ayu

Editor: MantouInv, Ayu, Cannibaloid

Footnotes:

[1] Areas above: Meant here as the parts of the sword closer to the surface, but not necessarily above the surface or at a level higher, merely futher up along the sword, compared to Bai Xiaochun’s current location which is deeper within the sword.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 - Valiant!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 146 - Valiant!

The faces of the two disciples from the Pill Creek Sect were deathly pale. Their hair flew up as their clothes wildly danced, even their exposed skin had marks left by deep depressions.

Their terror was such that their souls practically left and scattered*[1], and their panic reached its pinnacle. In the centre of the gale, their bodies resembled a lone boat amidst raging waves, and in an instant, their bodies were pushed with a strength strong enough to topple mountains and overturn seas. Facing this monstrous force, the duo fell back involuntarily, spurting out fresh blood uncontrollably as they retreated.

The female disciple was bleeding from all seven apertures of the head: the eyes, ears, nose, and mouth; her body seemed to resemble a shuddering sieve. The moment she retreated, her eyes turned bloodshot, and her body was ultimately unable to withstand the crushing force of this imposing power, and unexpectedly, she let out a mournful blood-curdling scream. Instantaneously, her eyeballs raptured, her skull burst, and her body exploded!

Her entire body instantly became a blood mist as it drifted into the distance.

"No!" The male disciple whose entire body was incessantly spurting blood was dumbstruck. It was as if the whole world turned black in a blink of an eye, and he let out a mournful scream. Never in his dreams would he have imagined that the person he provoked would unexpectedly be this much of a ... indescribable person that defies the heavens.

This kind of imposing air, this kind of oppressive power; he had only ever seen it upon the body of a sect elder. Seeing this kind of oppressive power on a Qi Condensation disciple was unprecedented. Even if it was their sect’s strongest Heaven’s Chosen, Fang Lin, he too wouldn’t be able to do so!

“The information is wrong! The information our sect has on him is completely wrong!!”

"Please don't kill me! I..." the male disciple pleaded, crying as his body incessantly trembled. His mind was on the verge of collapse. He didn't want to die; he was extremely afraid and terrified. However, before he could finish speaking, Bai Xiaochun’s figure came close. Bai Xiaochun headed towards the male disciple with extreme speed, appearing before him in an instant. He then raised his right hand, grasping the neck of the blood-covered youth from the Pill Creek Sect.

“Ah... My Nephew Zhou didn't want to die, I too, do not wish to kill people.” Bai Xiaochun muttered. He was not a person of camaraderie or brotherhood, his heart belonged only to Spirit Creek Sect.

Regardless of what happened, he would always side with Spirit Creek Sect, because that was his home! *[2]

Bai Xiaochun’s right hand viciously clamped down. A moment later, the sound of an explosion echoed out; the neck of the Pill Creek Sect youth was completely crushed. The disciple’s eyes bulged, his legs flailed for an instant, and after a few breaths, he died!

The surroundings slowly quietened, and Bai Xiaochun loosened his grip; returning to the South Bank disciple's corpse side. He sighed softly.

“Zhou Youdao, I will send you back to the Sect.” Bai Xiaochun said quietly. Once he removed the Dao Bottle, he placed Zhou Youdao’s body within the storage pouch; with the rest of his possessions left untouched.

The Pill Creek Sect’s disciples, however, had all their possessions looted by Bai Xiaochun. Eventually when Bai Xiaochun was a fair distance away, he condensed the grey liquid from the four Dao Bottles. The combined total of the four disciples, compared to the previous amount Bai Xiaochun alone had, filled up half the Dao Bottle.

Likewise, Bai Xiaochun finally got to look at the introduction that the Pill Creek Sect disciples had on him within the information jade slip

“Spirit Creek Sect’s Bai Xiaochun: suspected to be a genius in the way of medicine, and possibly the person behind Spirit Creek Sect’s Turtle medicine symbol. His techniques are unknown and his battle strength is vague; strong at times, other times weak. He is believed to be in possession of many treasures, and suspectedly, Gui Ya conceded in his battle against Bai Xiaochun to hide his strength, hence, Bai Xiaochun became number one in the Heaven’s Chosen War. Compared to his indistinct battle strength, his medicinal skills are the main focus. When fighting against this person, bring two people to encircle him and attack.”

Bai Xiaochun didn’t know how Pill Creek Sect got their information, and after seeing it, he was even more curious about Mysterious Creek Sect’s and Blood Creek Sect’s information of him. Following this, Bai Xiaochun turned around and walked away, only staying for a short period of time.

Four hours later, a youth with an expressionless face walked over. This youth was Pill Creek Sect’s number one Heaven’s Chosen, Fang Lin. The moment he saw the condition of the area, his eyes glimmered as he carefully inspected the place.

Not long after he stood where Bai Xiaochun bellowed, with eyes closed as if in thought, his expression swiftly changed; when his eyes abruptly opened, he was breathing rapidly.

“So strong!”

“Who was it… Song Que, Gui Ya, or was it Jiu Dao?” Fang Lin sucked in a deep breath, a desire to fight slowly appeared in his eyes. After looking around, his gaze stopped at a particular direction. This direction was the exact same direction that Bai Xiaochun had left for. Fang Lin's eyes glimmered as he muttered to himself. Unwilling to make contact with Bai Xiaochun at this moment, he switched to another direction.

After 4 hours, another figure arrived. It was a big man who had thunder and fire encircling his whole body, and his figure was huge and towering. The man stood and inspected the area, and after some time, a spirited look slowly appeared in his eyes whilst his chest heaved.

“It’s not Song Que, and it’s also not Jiu Dao. Could it be Gui Ya? Damn it! I don’t want to provoke any of these three!” This burly man was precisely Mysterious Creek Sect’s Lei Shan. He scanned his surroundings and hesitated for a bit. He was unsure in which direction the person who released the terrifying pressure went. Lei Shan clenched his teeth and picked a direction to run towards to.

This direction was exactly the same direction that Bai Xiaochun left for.

Time passed quickly, and in the span of three days, a large number of people passed through this area. Some people could figure out what happened, and these people were endlessly shocked; there were also others who didn’t sense anything and left quickly.

This scene continued until the evening of the third day. Song Que slowly walked over, and his footsteps paused when he walked passed this area. Although most of the marks in this area had dissipated, he immediately sensed that something was wrong. Squatting down, he pressed his right hand to the ground. After a long period of time, a spirited look flashed through his eyes.

“This pressure...isn’t Jiu Dao’s. It isn’t Fang Lin’s either, and definitely isn’t Gui Ya’s. In that case, it can only be… Bai Xiaochun’s!”

Song Que narrowed his eyes and his body blurred as he ran into the distance. At the same time, Bai Xiaochun’s speed during these three days within the Sword World was rather fast. Each time he encountered a Earthen Pulse Fiend Beast, he would immediately make a move and collect the Earthen Pulse Qi.

The grey liquid within the Dao Bottle had slowly accumulated. However, the disparity between the current amount and the forming of the Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor was still far too large. Although the Earthen Pulse Qi obtained from killing a Fiend Beast here was much greater than previously, almost all of the time and energy which was expended was wasted on scouring the area for Fiend Beasts.

Additionally, the Earthen Pulse Fiend Beasts here seemed to dwell between reality and illusion; they could merge into the nothingness in order to hide their tracks. Everytime he made a move on the Fiend Beasts, they would disappear and reappear at random. Were it not for Bai Xiaochun’s sharp senses, it would be extremely difficult to detect them.

The bodies of the Earthen Pulse Fiend Beasts would only appear from the nothingness whenever he approached them, If he didn’t approach them, he would be unable to detect their presence.

“I need to think of a way. It’d be best if I could draw all of the Earthen Pulse Fiend Beasts over here. If not, it’d truly be too slow if this continues. Even if I attacked the disciples of the other sects, although I’ll obtain their Earthen Pulse Qi, it would still be too slow.” Bai Xiaochun muttered to himself. Suddenly, his body paused; a whooshing sound echoed out from the space in front of him as a scaly claw appeared, grabbing only empty space as it missed. The moment it was about to withdraw, Bai Xiaochun’s right hand swiftly moved and grasped the beast claw.

He fiercely pulled it, causing a crashing sound that resembled the sound of a mirror shattering to echo out. An enormous monkey-like Earthen Pulse Fiend Beast- over a zhang tall- was directly pulled out from the nothingness by Bai Xiaochun.

(TL note: 1 Zhang = 10 feet = around 3m)

The monkey had no hair on its body. Instead, its entire body was covered in black scales. The moment it was dragged out of nothingness by Bai Xiaochun, it immediately let out a low roar. A hint of viciousness appeared within its eyes, and it seemed to have little intelligence. Bai Xiaochun’s eyes glimmered as the monkey whirled and continued to pounce at Bai Xiaochun. He immediately raised his left hand and grasped the neck of the monkey. However, Bai Xiaochun didn’t break its neck as he usually did. Instead, he brought it in front of him and carefully examined it. After doing so, a strange glint appeared in his eyes.

“If I could create a spirit medicine which can attract and gather the Fiend Beasts to this area, then it could solve all my problems and allow me to use the quickest possible speed to directly complete the Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor. This speed… would be even quicker than snatching it from other people.”

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened as he thought of this. After looking around, he lifted the struggling monkey as he directly headed towards a valley in front of him.

Within the valley, he found a hidden location. As he looked towards the Fiend Beast in his hands, Bai Xiaochun’s gaze made the unintelligent and seemingly vicious Fiend Beast tremble for a moment. His gaze was incomparably sharp, as if it could penetrate through the body of the Fiend Beast and see through the entire structure of its body.

However, this didn’t mean that Bai Xiaochun was actually able to do it. Instead, his current self had already turned the Fiend Beast into a guinea pig, similar to his research of the snakes when he was in the Thousand Snakes Valley some time ago. If he wanted to create a spirit medicine that was especially effective towards a type of vicious beast, he would have to thoroughly understand the body structure of the Fiend Beast.

Bai Xiaochun’s gaze turned fiery as he patted his storage pouch with his right hand. Instantly, a flying sword appeared within his hand. Bai Xiaochun gently slashed the chest of the Fiend Beast with an obsessed expression, and as soon as he split it open, he started his research.

A day later, both of Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were completely bloodshot as he muttered to himself.

“The body structure of this Fiend Beast isn’t very different from vicious beasts. They both have five viscera and six bowels [3], and the Fiend Beasts has blood as well...however, the instant the Fiend Beast died, all of this will dissipate and turn into Earthen Pulse Qi”.

“However, the body of the Earthen Fiend Beast contains no food... do they not need to eat?” Bai Xiaochun quickly caught another Earthen Pulse Fiend Beast as he muttered to himself. He started his research once more.

After several days, more and more disciples from the four sects gradually appeared in the area, although it was already the lower half of the Sword World. During the time these disciples were either killing other people to snatch Dao Bottles or killing Fiend Beasts while running about, Bai Xiaochun had already conducted research on more than ten Fiend Beasts. The redness in his eyes had gradually increased, and his hair had already become disheveled. Altogether, he seemed slightly mad.

“Their eyes degenerate, and their sense of smell becomes ineffective. However, their senses are still sharp… How do they merge into the nothingness? How were they transformed by the Earthen Pulse Qi? Why do they want to kill cultivators?” Bai Xiaochun was already immersed in the state of medicine refining. As he muttered to himself, he pondered about many questions. During this journey, all the Earthen Pulse Fiend Beasts that he had encountered took the initiative to kill him. The bloodthirstiness of the Fiend Beasts were particularly obvious.

“Hmm?” Bai Xiaochun’s heart started to race. He felt as if he had caught onto something important. Bai Xiaochun suddenly raised his head and hastily continued forward. He wanted to find another Fiend Beast to verify his conjectures.

Finding another Fiend Beast didn’t take a long time. Impressively, a three zhang tall Earthen Huge Bear was standing in front of Bai Xiaochun; its body was full of black scales. The Earthen Huge Bear seemed to have ferociously swallowed one of the surrounding five disciples that were trying to siege it.

The people who were besieging this beast were all wearing blood-coloured Changpaos *[4]. They were all disciples of the Blood Creek Sect, and at this moment, they were all filled with killing intent. Even though their comrade had died, they payed no attention to it and continued attacking.

Bai Xiaochun’s eyes brightened as he gazed at the scene from a distance away. His body turned into a rainbow as he instantly approached. In the instant when the four disciples of the Blood Creek Sect were about to continue their attacks, Bai Xiaochun’s figure had already appeared before the four people. He instantly raised his right hand and slammed it towards the huge bear.

The surrounding disciples of the Blood Creek Sect were stunned. Although they didn’t immediately recognise Bai Xiaochun, they noticed the clothes on Bai Xiaochun which signified his position as a disciple of the Spirit Creek Sect. They gave Bai Xiaochun a mocking gaze as a sneer appeared at the corner of their mouths. As they fought the huge bear, they clearly understood that the Earthen Pulse Beasts within this area were somewhat special and the power of their fleshy bodies were terrifying.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sponsored chapter of the week, special thanks to Tennyson Lu, Arien Freymuth and Christian J Wilkes for sponsoring the chapter. We currently owe 20 chapters, however, our translator has returned. As stated before, we will remain at 3 chapters a week until we catch up. We will start to speed up in the next week or two. Sorry for any inconveniences.

Join Us at our ATTE discord server: https://discord.gg/4VyB4WV

Translator: Sean, Ayu

TLCed by: Sliver

Editors: MantouInv, Ayu

Footnotes:

1: A direct translation would be "Practically their spirit/soul left and scattered." It is an idiom meaning one is terrified out of their minds, and are absolutely terror-stricken.

2: “Home” here is used in the same way as a Country to its countrymen. Kind of like patriotic sentiments, but to his Sect.

3: In Chinese medicine, the internal organs in a human body can be classified into five viscera organs (Wu Zang) and six bowel organs (Liu Fu). (http://www.acupuncture-and-chinese-medicine.com/five-viscera.html)

4: Traditional Chinese clothes worn by men. Female version is Qipao.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 - A Strange Pill is Born！
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 147 A Strange Pill is Born！

“Impudent!”

“The Spirit Creek Sect are a bunch of arrogant contemporaries. This is a Middle Grade Fiend Beast, and it is far superior to the other Low Grade Fiend Beasts. This person is courting death!” The four surrounding Blood Creek Sect disciples sneered one after the other. They could imagine what would happen next; without a doubt, the Fiend Beast would rip alive the body of this Spirit Creek Sect disciple into shreds.

However, it was in this instant that sneers appeared on the faces of these four people. Then suddenly, their whole bodies violently shuddered. They widened their eyes and revealed an expression of disbelief and shock.

In their eyes Bai Xiaochun with his dishevelled hair, raised his right hand. In that instant he pressed his hand towards the gigantic bear, this huge bear roared and let out bursts of frightening snarls. The huge bear suddenly raised its head, as though it wanted to ram into Bai Xiaochun’s arm, waiting to strike Bai Xiaochun’s body along with his arm into a pulp of flesh.

However, it was in this instant that the bear’s head touched Bai Xiaochun’s hand that this huge bear’s body seemed as though it had been pushed down by a mountain with a loud bang, actually not having any resistive power. With a loud bang, the huge bear had actually been pressed to the ground by Bai Xiaochun’s right hand which was pressing against its throat.

A huge sound rang out from the whole of the earth and quakes as well as fluctuations appeared. Each and every single one of the four Blood Creek Sect disciples in the surroundings inhaled deeply as they found it difficult to believe everything that they had just seen.

“This…”

“How can this be!”

“His strength is actually so enormous!”

The four of them swallowed a mouthful of saliva, but they were not willing to just leave like that. They looked at each other once and were somewhat hesitant. In this instance that they hesitated, Bai Xiaochun’s actions trembled the minds of these four people once more.

Bai Xiaochun simply did not pay any attention to these four Blood Creek Sect disciples beside him. In this moment, he had already completely immersed himself in his research. When he raised his left hand, a flying sword appeared and had actually cut open the fiendish beast’s arm in front of the four Blood Creek Sect disciples. Bai Xiaochun was as the same as before when researching, attentively looking at the arm after pushing them aside.

Fresh blood was shed and they turned into bursts of Earthen Pulse Qi. When that fiendish beast’s blood-curdling screech echoed out, Bai Xiaochun seemed to feel that it was noisy and conveniently cut the fiendish beast’s neck with a flick of the knife. When the sound spontaneously came to an end, the eyes of the four Blood Creek Sect disciples in the surrounding immediately protruded out of their sockets. Their bodies were trembling as they simultaneously retreated. When they looked towards Bai Xiaochun, they actually revealed a revered expression on their faces.

Bai Xiaochun was not aware of that in the slightest. Very quickly, that whole fiendish beast’s corpse had been directly separated by Bai Xiaochun in half an incense’s worth of time, turning into neatly cut up pieces of meat. Even though they were all rapidly disappearing, these scenes made those four Blood Creek Sect disciples feel as though their scalps were about to explode open.

“He… Is it that he has a grudge with the fiendish beast or is it that he likes behaving this way every time he encounters an opponent? My goodness, he is more frightening than our Blood Creek Sect!”

“It must be a special hobby of his…”

“He is…Bai Xiaochun!” Amongst the four of them, after one of them quickly took out their jade slip and identified who Bai Xiaochun was, the complexion on his face gravely changed. Once the three words, Bai Xiaochun, left his mouth, the other three people also inhaled deeply. There was no longer any hesitation left between one another as they rapidly retreated. They fled in a flash, disregarding everything.

After a long time, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes revealed excitement. His inhaled deeply and stood up with enthusiasm, walking about here and there as he waved his hand in the air from time to time.

“I now understand. These fiendish beast and fearful beasts may look alike, but they are essentially different. To them, spiritual Qi is like a huge supplementing item, similarly just like how the Earthen Pulse Qi can help Foundation Establishment cultivators! Therefore, that disciple that had been swallowed had actually disappeared without a trace and been completely engulfed in a flash…”

“Haha, I will definitely be able to refine my medicine pill!” Bai Xiaochun raised his head and looked up at the sky, loudly laughed out. He looked around at his surroundings, bearing some astonishment at the bottom of his heart. He remembered that there seemed to be a few other people here just now, but in this moment, there actually was not a single person left.

Shaking his head, Bai Xiaochun’s body swayed and he immediately dashed into the distance. After finding a cave, he retrieved a flint and started refining medicine. He had created a pill recipe in his mind. Now, he started to refine pills according to the pill recipe as well as his understanding towards the fiendish beasts in these few days.

Other than medicinal herbs, he also added a few drops of his own blood. Even then, he still felt that it was not enough, also adding a few mutually neutralising items. According to his understanding, he finally mixed them all together.

During the medicine refinement this time, when it had been carried out for four hours, a loud rumbling round came from the pill furnace. After the rumbling gradually dissipated, a medicine pill appeared. Bai Xiaochun quickly picked up the medicine pill and went out to search for fiendish beasts. Not long after, he had found one and under his experimentation, he found out that this medicine pill did not have any attractions towards the fiendish beast and was immediately disappointed.

“Something is wrong. Where exactly did the problem come from?” Bai Xiaochun was racking his brain, deep in thought. In the following days, he was once again immersed in searching for fiendish beasts. In his life of researching fiendish beasts, more than twenty days had already passed very quickly by from the time when the Meteoric Sword Abyss had opened up.

In these twenty days, it seemed as though the overwhelming majority of the disciples from the four sects had arrived at the depths of the Inner Sword World. At the same time that they were killing fiendish beasts in different regions, they were also engaging in hand-to-hand combat with one another.

The Blood Creek Sect disciples were the strongest in terms of strength and were especially savage. The Mysterious Creek Sect and Spirit Creek Sect were evenly matched adversaries, whereas the Pill Creek Sect was the weakest with the least amount of people.

Similarly, there were also battles that occurred between the Heaven’s Chosens who were recorded in each of the four great sect’s source of information. The most well-known battle was the battle between Gui Ya and the Mysterious Creek Sect’s Jiu Dao. That battle had gone on for a full day. Rumbling sounds echoed throughout and was world-shaking. In the end, Qiu Dao was defeated and he fled, sustaining serious injuries. Gui Ya had ascended to the peak with this one battle and was proclaimed as the person that could battle with Song Que.

At the same time, Gongsun Wan-er and Zhao Rou had also engaged in multiple hand-to-hand combats. They each had their own victories and defeats, yet they were still unable to kill one another.

Shangguan Tianyou on the other hand was also splendidly glorious in the Meteoric Sword Abyss trial this time. He had actually encountered the Pill Creek Sect’s Number One Heaven’s Chosen, Fang Lin, the first time he killed the fiendish beast. The two were evenly matched adversaries and it was difficult to determine the outcome of the battle.

The Blood Creek Sect’s Song Que appeared and disappeared unpredictably. He did not make his move, and there were very few people who saw him. However, the other person from the Blood Creek Sect who was in the Spirit Creek Sect’s source of information, Xu Xiaoshan, had also established an extremely large reputation for himself in this Sword Body World.

This person had so many magical treasures that it enrage/pissed off others. Everytime he attacked, it seemed as though the whole sky was filled with magical treasures, causing everyone who battled with him to view it to the point where their scalps were numb.

Yet, the person who was proclaimed as the dark horse this time amongst the disciples within the four sects was… the Spirit Creek Sect’s Beihan Lie. That person practically was not much introduced in the information that was in the jade slip of the other three sects. He was only viewed as an ordinary Heaven’s Chosen. However, no one would have thought that a huge battle would ensue a few days prior to encountering the Mysterious Creek Sect’s Lei Shan.

He was actually an evenly matched adversary with Lei Shan in this battle. Beihan Lie’s reputation suddenly spread everywhere. It needs to be noted that Lei Shan is indeed the Mysterious Creek Sect’s ranked second Heaven’s Chosen. Other than Jiu Dao, the number of people who could battle with Lei Shan in this generation of Mysterious Creek Sect disciples could be counted on the fingers.

Moreover, before this, only Beihan Lie from the Spirit Creek Sect’s Heaven’s Chosen had actually accomplish such a feat and this surprised many people.

Other than the coquettish friction and attacks respectively lead by these powerhouses within the Heaven’s Chosen, the close quarter combats between the other disciples in these more than twenty days were similarly tragic. There would be people dying every single days. Even more so, there were even some that were unlucky and had been sucked into dried humans while they were still alive after encountering the fiendish beasts that occupied this region.

Similarly, under this intense close quarter combat as well as the fight over the Earthen Pulse Qi, all of the disciples who had survived had accumulated somewhat varying amounts of Earthen Pulse Qi in their hands. In the end, as the Earthen Pulse fiendish beasts had to be in proximity to be visible, it was very difficult to find Earthen Pulse Qi. Therefore, the real close quarter combats was in the process of slowly beginning!

Regardless of whether they acted together or whether it was a trap; or if it was a powerful attack, all kinds of methods were carried out. The whole of the Meteoric Sword Abyss World was currently rapidly turning into a huge mess.

Everyone seemed to have reddened eyes, killing their enemy in order to forcibly take the Earthen Pulse Qi away, using their quickest speed to form the Earthen Pulse Qi Attraction. All of them did not want to become that last batch and all wanted to become the first batch!

It was under this intensity that Bai Xiaochun had also sensed that the whole world was filled with murderous auras. His silhouette did not appear often as he was researching and refining medicine most of the time. However, in these few times where he appeared, he had seen seventeen corpses that belonged to Spirit Creek Sect disciples.

Everytime he encountered such a corpse, he would collect the corpse without saying a word. He wanted to bring them back to the sect.

Even if he was going outside to search for fiendish beasts, he would also launch his full speed, frequently carrying out his objectives like lightning. After he immediately grabbed ahold of a fiendish beast, he would drag it away and leave, starting his research after which he would then refine medicine once more.

Under this unconscious state, the grey coloured Earthen Pulse liquid inside his Dao bottle had already accumulated to about three folds of the original. However, the matter that he paid more attention to was the refinement of his own spirit medicine.

Until now, he had already failed tens of times even to the point of failing five or six times in a day. However, the more he failed, the more Bai Xiaochun did not give up. He already understood the fiendish beast’s body like the back of his hand and was also well acquainted with the fiendish beast’s structure in his heart. So much so that he who had once sunk into a crazy state had personally experienced how the fiendish beast killed cultivators for a moment.

When he felt that that was not an attack on the flesh, rather it was a kind of opportunity to live by engulfing oneself, all of the experience that he had accumulated all these days exploded. He chose a remote cave and cultivated with reddened eyes.

This time, he had refined for as long as five days. In these five days, he did not take a single step outside. In these five days, he had failed tens of times. Finally, when dusk fell on the fifth day, when the sky was a dusky panorama while many regions in this world are fighting at close quarters, the pill furnace in front of Bai Xiaochun let out a tremendous explosive sound like the sudden clap of thunder. In the instance when this sound rang out, the explosive sound even spread to half of the Meteoric Sword World.

Bang, bang, bang, bang!

This sound continuously echoed as if the heavenly thunder that split the heavens and earth apart had exploded. Even a field of black clouds had appeared in mid air outside of Bai Xiaochun’s cave dwelling and was currently intensely rolling about. Within the black clouds, wisps of white gas that were curled up could actually be faintly seen!

In this half Meteoric Sword World, all of the disciples from the four sects all paused for a moment and simultaneously looked in the direction that Bai Xiaochun was at.

Gui Ya was currently speeding along. After he heard this noise, both his eyes flashed.

At another place, Song Que was currently attentively examining an unremarkable stone wall. When he heard this noise, he too was stunned for a moment.

“What is this commotion?”

“The most valuable treasure is born!” In this moment, the Blood Creek Sect’s Xu Xiaoshan eyeballs were bulging out. He was breathing rapidly and accelerated as he sped along.

Additionally, the Mysterious Creek Sect’s Lei Shan was not especially far away from there. He clearly had the same thoughts as Xu Xiaoshan. In this moment, his eyes revealed excitement and curiosity as his speed was even faster.

This thunder and strange occurrence not only attracted cultivators, but also… fiendish beasts!

Even more so, this attracted… In the Meteoric Blade World, the most mysterious and incomparably strange… fiendish soul!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator: Nat

Editors: MantouInv

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 - Big Brother, Come Play With Me...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 148 - Big Brother, Come Play With Me…

在这半个陨剑世界内，此刻无数的区域，快速的模糊扭曲，似乎在这虚无里，有一头头沉睡的煞兽，在这一瞬，不知是被天雷唤醒，还是冥冥间感受到了白小纯的灵药，此刻竟全部在震动中，睁开了眼。

At this moment, the numerous regions within this half of the Meteoric Sword Abyss were quickly becoming warped and indistinct; it was as though in this void, multiple evil beasts that were sleeping, instantly opening their eyes in the midst of the tremors (word shake is used in raw, need check 147 for the context of the shaking here). It was unknown whether it was Heaven's Thunder (again, I need to check 147 for context) that roused them, or them sensing Bai Xiaochun's medicine.

有一些煞兽苏醒的地方，附近有四宗弟子，可绝大多数煞兽苏醒的区域，没有修士，它们全部在这一刹那，以狰狞的双目，看向白小纯所在的方位，那目中露出贪婪与疯狂，似乎有无数的嘶吼咆哮。

Close to some of the places where the evil beasts awoke, there were several disciples from the Four Sects, but for the great majority of the areas where the beast regained consciousness, there were no cultivators near them. In that split second, all of the beast glared at Bai Xiaochun with ferocious eyes revealing greed and insanity,accompanied numerous roars.

紧接着，随着多处区域虚无如水波一样的波动，这半个陨剑世界内的煞兽，竟齐齐而动，于虚无中穿梭疾驰。

Along with the the water-like rippling fluctuations of the many areas, the evil beasts in half of the Meteoric Sword Abyss simultaneously started moving out in an orderly fashion, galloping madly out of the void.

可……比这些煞兽更惊人的，则是在这半个陨剑世界内，一些没有煞兽敢出现的区域里，慢慢虚无中凝聚出了一个又一个身影。

Yet… More astounding than the horrifying evil beast were the figures that slowly appeared one after another in the territories that the beasts did not occupy, in this half of the Meteoric Sword Abyss

有男有女，有老有少，最小的是一个穿着白色衣衫的小女孩，抱着一个没有皮的血色小熊，正茫然的漂浮，更有一些通天大陆从没有出现过的凶兽。

There were figures of all age and gender, with the youngest one being a white clothed little girl with a skinless blood colored teddy bear in her arms, floating in mid air. With them were vicious beasts never before seen in the entire Babel Continent!

它们是……煞魂！

They were… Evil Spirits!

是这把天外大剑，在无尽的岁月里，被其主人持有所灭杀的生命，于这地脉中，衍变而出的死魂！

They were the lives taken by the great sword that fell from the sky, during the endless ages, that evolved and developed into dead souls in the earth pulse!

诡异无边，神秘莫测，可以肯定的是……这些煞魂生前，绝非……通天大陆之人，他们，来自传说中可以永恒的天外！

It was extremely bizzare and mysterious, with only one thing for certain… The past lives of these evil spirits, were not from the Babel Continent. In the legends they came from the eternal outer sky!

这些身影零散，分布在陨剑世界的偏僻区域，它们所在的地方，是煞兽的禁区，没有任何一头煞兽敢于靠近。

The figures scattered, distributing themselves to secluded regions of Meteoric Sword Abyss. Whenever they took over a place, those areas became forbidden to the evil beasts, and none dared to venture near the evil spirits.

而此刻，这些身影，在各自的区域里慢慢从虚无中走出，有的穿着古老的服装，有的穿着战甲，有的身体长满鳞片，样子各异，身体多有残缺，要么失去了手臂，要么只剩下半个头颅，还有的在腹部有巨大的窟窿，阵阵黑气散出，挥发不断。

At this moment, these figures started walking out slowly from the void of their respective territories, some with ancient clothing, others with armor, and a couple with scales covering their entire body. They they display strange characteristics, with many missing parts from their bodies, either without an arm or with the upper part of the head gone. A few even had holes in their abdomen, with black qi spreading out from it.

每一个煞魂，都带着茫然，它们没有神智，没有记忆，所过之处，所有煞兽都颤抖，任由这些煞魂漂过，若是恰好被煞魂碰到了身体，这些煞兽就立刻碎灭消散。

Every evil spirit seemed as if they were lost, unaware and without memory. Wherever they passed swiftly, the evil beasts trembled and shivered, letting them float by. Should the spirit coincidentally make contact with their bodies, the beasts would directly dissipate and scatter into nothingness.

尤其是那些凶兽样子的煞魂，更是模样诡异，如拼凑出来！

The evil spirits that look like vicious beasts, in particular, were most perculiar, it is as if they were scrambled and awfully patched up together!

煞魂降临，穿梭虚无时，速度之快，难以形容，超越了一切空间的阻隔，所去的地方……正是白小纯所在之地！

As the spirits descended out of the void, with incredible speed, passing all boundaries of space… Their destination- where Bai Xiaochun was!

数量众多，从四周八方，齐齐而去！

Great in numbers, they came orderly from all directions!

途中，一些四宗弟子察觉到了不对劲，他们看到了四周的虚无扭曲，看到了一个个煞兽的虚影若隐若现，原本正惊喜要去厮杀，可很快就头皮发麻，骇然的发现，这里的煞兽太多了。

On the way, some of the four sects’ disciples sensed that something was wrong. They saw the space around them distort and twist before the ghostly figures of evil beasts appeared, just before they begun slaying them, their scalp went numb, as they quickly realizing that the numbers were too great.

成群而去，如同煞兽之潮！

They travel in such a large group, that it was like a tide of evil beasts!

“怎么会事！”

“What’s going on!”

“天啊，这里的煞兽很难找，可如今怎么全部都自己出来了，数量居然如此庞大！”

“Oh god, the evil beasts here are really rare, yet now they all came out by themselves now? And the number of them, it’s just too much!”

“一定是出了什么变故，该死的，那些是什么……煞魂，那些是煞魂！”半个陨剑世界内，四宗弟子的惊呼，很快回荡，尤其是当他们看到那些煞兽中，居然出现了煞魂时，一个个顿时倒吸口气，赶紧飞奔逃走。

“Something must have happened, damn it. What are those… Evil spirits, those are evil spirits!” In the half of the Meteoric Sword Abyss, the exclaimed cries of the disciples from all the four sects quickly reverberated, as they took a deep breath and start deeply and running away without hesitation especially when they saw the evil spirits coming out among the evil beasts.

对于煞魂的恐怖，四大宗的长老，对于弟子的叮嘱都是一样的，煞魂……陨剑深渊特有的存在，绝不可招惹，遇之立避！

As for the terror of the evil spirits, the elders of all the four sects gave the same lecture to the disciples. Evil spirits… were an existence only in the Meteoric Sword Abyss, and should never be trifled with- one should run away immediately upon contact with them!

“居然连煞魂都被吸引，那个方向，到底出了什么事情！”

“all the evil spirits seemed to be attracted to that direction, what is going on over there!”

“我们远远的跟着，去看一眼！”四周的四宗弟子，要么三五成群，要么单独，此刻都被这煞魂与煞兽之潮震撼，纷纷深吸口气，暗中跟随。

“Let’s follow from far behind to take a look!” Some of the disciples of the four sects formed groups of three to five, while others went alone. They breath rapidly as they followed secretly in the darkness, taken aback by the tide of evil beasts and spirits.

这一刻，半个陨剑世界，全部因白小纯灵药出世前的九声天雷，震动而来。

At this moment, the half of the Meteoric Sword Abyss is rumbling, all because of the nine thunder cracks before Bai Xiaochun’s pellets came into existence.

山洞内，白小纯身体都消瘦了一圈，头发散乱，死死的盯着面前的丹炉，看着每一次轰鸣传出时，丹炉都会多出一道裂缝。

In the cave, Bai Xiaochun had thinned down a lot, his hair was a mess as he stared deadly at the furnace in front of him, seeing a new crack form every time a roaring came from the furnace.

直至九声后，丹炉猛地颤抖，骤然间崩溃爆开，整个丹炉，直接四分五裂，与此同时，有四道黑色的幽光，瞬息就从崩溃的丹炉内飞出。

It was the ninth crack when the furnace violently shook, exploding abruptly as cracks covered it, four beams of black dim light appearing at the same time, instantly flying out from the broken furnace.

白小纯早有准备，袖子一甩，紫气驭鼎功全面爆发，近乎形成了一片领域般的掌控，笼罩四周，将那四粒要冲出的灵药，直接压下，一把抓在了手中。

Bai Xiaochun was long prepared. With a sweep of his sleeve, his purple qi cauldron technique went into full swing outbreak, forming a force field, enveloping the surroundings ,directly pressed down on the four escaping pellets. With a grab, he got all of them in his palm.

“想跑？”白小纯得意的哼了一声，低头看向手中的四枚丹药，目中露出火热，赶紧出了山洞，想要去找个煞兽看看效果。

attempting to escape?” Bai Xiaochun snorted with delight as he looked down at the four pellets in his hand, passion burning in his eyes. With haste, he left the cave in search of an evil beast to observe the results.

可就在他走出山洞的刹那，突然的，白小纯神色微动，身体猛地退后半步，在他退后的刹那，一条黑色的蝎尾，刹那从虚无中出现，从白小纯之前所在的位置，蝎尾呼啸而过。

Just when he went out the cave, however, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes lit up suddenly, his body quickly stepping half a step backward, following after it was the swipe of a black scorpion tail that slashing through the space Bai Xiaochun was just occupying, that came from nothingness.

一击不中，一条一丈多长的黑色蝎子，从虚无中幻化，目中露出疯狂与贪婪，死死的盯着白小纯右手的四枚丹药，刹那扑来。

With the first attack being unsuccessful, the ten foot long black scorpion appeared from the void, its eyes full of greed and insanity as it fixed its death glare on the four pellets in Bai Xiaochun’s right hand, stubbornly lunging at him once more.

气势凶猛，不似低阶煞兽，更是与当初的巨熊一样的中阶。

Its imposing aura was strong, no weaker than the lesser evil beasts, even matching that middle level great bear from before.

白小纯目光一闪，左手快若闪电，超越了蝎子的速度，一把伸出抓住蝎尾，向着一旁的岩壁狠狠一轮，轰的一声砸下时，他的灵力瞬间迸发出来，轰入这蝎子的体内，直接碎灭了几处蝎体中最脆弱的几个区域，蝎子挣扎了一下，身体软了下来，飞快模糊，化作地脉之气被白小纯收走。

Eyes flashing, Bai Xiaochun’s left hand moved like lightning, surpassing the scorpion’s speed as it latched onto the scorpion’s tail. With a violent movement, Bai Xiaochun sent the scorpion crashing into the boulder beside him, and in a blast, the qi within him instantly came out, going inside the scorpion’s body and without delay destroying some of the weakest areas in the scorpion’s body. It struggled for a while before the body softened down, quickly blurring into earth pulse qi that Bai Xiaochun collected.

若是换了寻常修士，对付这不俗的中阶煞兽，即便是听过宗门前辈提点，也难以这般简单的灭杀，可对研究了数十近百头煞兽的白小纯而言，他一眼看去，就能找出煞兽的脆弱点，杀之容易。

Should it be some other ordinary cultivator, they would not have been able to handle a middle level evil beast like that. Even with the hints the sects gave, it would prove to be a difficult task to kill it that way.However, for Bai Xiaochun, who had researched more than a hundred evil beasts, all it took was a glance for him to locate the weaknesses of the evil beast, making the kill much simpler.

“刚一出丹，就能引起煞兽的注意，哈哈，我白小纯的丹药，的确是成了！”白小纯振奋，更有强烈的得意感，正琢磨要不要将这四枚丹药炼灵时，他四周的虚无，肉眼可见的出现了一层层水波般的波纹，放眼看去，在四方远处，这波纹更多更强烈，甚至还有一头头煞兽的身影，若隐若现。

“I just used the pellet, and it attracted an evil beast’s attention so fast. Haha, Mypellet, is indeed complete!” Bai Xiaochun was excited as his body was overflowed with bliss. Just when he was thinking about whether he should refine the four pellets, the nothingness around him had noticeable layers of water-like ripples. At a glance, in the radius around him, the ripples were much more intense, with evil beast after evil beast appearing.

“这么多，够了够了，哈哈，如此一来，我白小纯一定可以第一个筑基！”

“This many, that’s enough. Haha, if this goes on I, Bai Xiaochun, will be the first one to reach Foundation Establishment!”

白小纯眼看这些煞兽，更激动了，手舞足蹈，正要大干一场，可忽然面色一变，睁大了眼，看到在远处，赫然有一个只存在了半个头颅的身影，穿着一身灰色的长袍，仅剩下的一只眼内露出茫然，正漂浮而来，穿梭虚无时，头颅微动，那茫然的双眼在看向白小纯时，竟出现了一些神采波动。

As Bai Xiaochun looked at the evil beasts, he grew more excited, waving his fists and legs as he prepared for a big fight. His expression, however, changed suddenly as he looked into the distance with widened eyes, seeing a figure with only half a head, clothed in a long grey robe, the remaining eye looking lost as the body floated to his direction, going past the void. The head moved slightly, and when that disoriented eye landed its sight on Bai Xiaochun, an expression could be felt.

这波动，似蕴含了渴望，瞬间如锁定了白小纯，准确的说，是锁定了白小纯手中的丹药，急速而来。

That expression showed desire. It instantly locked onto Bai Xiaochun, or, more precisely, on the pellets in Bai Xiaochun’s hands. it sped quickly towards bai Xiaochun's direction.

它四周的煞兽，看到这身影出现，立刻颤抖，不敢动弹，被那身影飞速掠过时，足有七八头煞兽，身体被碰触，直接崩溃消散，惨叫都没有传出。

The surrounding evil beasts, upon the appearance of this figure, started to tremble immediately, unable to move as the figure went past them with incredible speed. Seven or eight of the beasts immediately dissipated into nothingness upon contact with the figure.

“煞魂？！怎么连煞魂都被引来了，好在只有一……啊？”这一幕，看的白小纯面色变化，可他的话语还没等说完，突然的，在远处又出现了一道煞魂的身影，这煞魂没有双臂，披头散发，穿着一套残破的铠甲，一样在看向白小纯时，露出渴望，急速靠近。

“Evil spirit?! Why did it attract evil spirits? Luckily there’s only one… Ah?” The scene following that changed Bai Xiaochun’s expression as he watched, before he finished his words another ghostly figure appeared in the distance, clothed in armor It had two arms and an unkempt hair, as it looked at Bai Xiaochun with the same urge, speedily gaining space.

没有结束，更远处，还有一个老者，腹部有一个巨大的窟窿，也幻化出现，一步步走来。

It didn’t end there. Somewhere further away was an old man, with a huge cavity in his abdomen, coming into form as he walked towards him step by step.

白小纯头皮发麻，倒吸口气，正要后退时，骇然的发现，这里的煞魂绝非三个五个，而是……一群！！

Bai Xiaochun’s scalp grew numb as he took a deep breath. He was just taking a step back when he abruptly realized that the evil spirits here weren’t just three or five, but… a whole group!

放眼四周，此刻虚无扭曲间，一个又一个的煞魂身影，陆续的出现，每一个煞魂身上，那渴望的目光，都让白小纯面色苍白，有种要被活活撕了的感觉。

Taking a broad view of his surroundings, he saw that the space was twisting as evil spirit after evil spirit appeared in succession, all of them with the same urge in their eyes, making Bai Xiaochun go pale with a feeling that he was being torn apart.

“怎么会这样！”白小纯欲哭无泪，身体猛地后退，他可不想面对这些煞魂，在这陨剑的世界内，别说是凝气修士了，就算是各宗的长辈，在这煞魂的手中，也有很大的可能陨落。

“Why is this happening!” Bai Xiaochun wanted to cry, but no tears came out as he quickly stepped backwards. Never mind a qi condensation cultivator, even the elders of the sects would have huge trouble facing these evil spirits.

可就在白小纯后退的瞬间，那些煞魂一个个猛的抬头，有一些发出了一声声尖锐的嘶吼，那嘶吼带着震慑，让四周的煞兽更为颤抖，白小纯全身一震，神智都要模糊，一个踉跄时，只觉得脑海如被一个重锤直接轰击，喷出一口鲜血，吓的浑身发抖，一样尖叫一声，咬着舌尖，借助疼痛清醒，加速逃遁。

But the instant Bai Xiaochun moved backwards, all the evil spirits raised their heads and let out a piercing scream, some of them accompanied with shock and awe. The evil beasts trembled as well, and Bai Xiaochun was shaking as his consciousness went blurry. With a stagger, he felt that his mind was hit directly by a hammer. He sprayed out blood from his mouth, terrified to the point where his body was quivering as he screamed, biting his tongue hard to make himself alert with the pain. He immediately started running.

他冷汗流下，背后大黑锅内的翅膀，挥舞到了极致，速度之快，刹那间出现了残影，直接远去，可他的速度虽快，但那些游走在虚无中的煞魂，速度更快。

As cold sweat dripped down, the wings behind the big black pot waving to the extreme carried him with maximum speed, putting distance between him and the evil spirits that suddenly emerged. He was fast, but the evil spirits that walk within the nothingness, were faster.

眨眼间，这四周的数十个煞魂，全部向着白小纯不断地漂浮，越来越近……

In a blink of an eye, more than ten evil spirits surrounding Bai Xiaochun were all floating towards him, getting closer and closer…

尤其是里面有几个煞魂，速度最快，除了最早出现的半个头颅的身影外，还有一个则是那穿着白色衣服的小女孩，这小女孩一声不发，面色阴冷，唯独目中茫然里，渴望强烈。

Some of the evil spirits among them, in particular, were the fastest. Other than the one with half a head, who was the first one to appear, there was a little girl in white clothing, silent. Her face was ghastly cold, with the longing desire in her eyes much stronger and intense.

远远的，不少四宗的修士跟随归来，看到了这一幕后，一个个都头皮发麻，其中灵溪宗的弟子，更是焦急，有一些试图去引走那些煞魂，可这些煞魂根本就不理会旁人，只追白小纯。

Far away, many of the sects’ cultivators followed, and upon seeing this scene, all went numb. Some of the Spirit River Sect’s disciples were even more worried, some of them trying to distract the evil spirits, to no avail as they chased only after Bai Xiaochun.

“杀人了！！”白小纯惨叫，夺命狂奔时，眼泪都快流出了，他没想到自己只不过是炼了吸引煞兽的丹药，不知为什么，居然牵扯出了这些煞魂。

“I’m gonna die!” Bai Xiaochun screamed as he ran for his life, tears almost coming out of his eyes. He never expected that the pellets he created for attracting evil beasts would involve these evil spirits as well.

“该死的，一定是我刚才炼药时，弄错了什么地方，又炼出了怪丹！”白小纯悲哀，眼看这些煞魂越来越近，一个个疯了一样的追着自己，白小纯一咬牙，忍着心痛，将四枚丹药中的一枚，向着远处狠狠的扔出。

“God damn it, there must have been something wrong when I was refining the pellets, I’ve made odd pellets again!” Bai Xiaochun felt miserable. As he felt the evil spirits closing in, madly chasing after him, Bai Xiaochun clenched his jaw and felt a stab of pain in his heart as he fiercely threw out one of the four pellets far away into the distance.

就在这丹药扔出的刹那，四周的所有煞魂齐齐一顿，头颅全部抬起，绝大多数改变方向，直奔丹药冲去，使得白小纯终于逃出，到了远处时，他忍着胆颤，回头看了一眼。

The moment the pellet was thrown out, all the evil spirits paused in unison, all their heads raised as the vast majority of them changed direction, charging straight for the pellet, allowing Bai Xiaochun time to escape successfully. As he got farther away, he manned up and turned back for a look.

这一眼，他看到自己扔出的那枚丹药，在众多的煞魂争夺中，赫然被那个穿着白衣服的小女孩，以突然爆发出的极致速度，直接抢到，一口吞了下去。

As he looked, he saw that the pellet he threw was being fought for by the many evil spirits, and surprisingly, it was the little girl in the white clothing that got it in a flash with an explosion of absolute speed. She swallowed it with one gulp.

几乎在吞下丹药的瞬间，这小女孩目中的茫然，竟消散了不少，有一丝幽芒闪过，神色更为阴冷，仔细一看，似乎在她的身上，仿佛多出了一些灵动！

In the instant that pellet was consumed, the sense of being lost reflected in that girl's’ eyes faded a lot, and a quiet glow flashed through, it could be seen that her expression grew even colder and gloomier. With a closer and careful look, it was as if there were more qi movements on her body!

遥遥的，小女孩转头，与白小纯的目光对望。

In the far away distance, the girl turned her head and locked eyes with Bai Xiaochun.

二人目光凝聚的刹那，白小纯头皮猛的一炸，耳边传来一个诡异的幽幽之声。

As the two locked eyes, Bai Xiaochun’s scalp seemed to explode as a ghostly and spooky sound sounded out from beside his ear.

“哥哥，陪我玩吧……”这声音出现，立刻让白小纯全身汗毛都竖起，头也不回的展开全速，疾驰远去。(未完待续。)

“Big brother, come play with me…” The voice made Bai Xiaochun’s hairs stand up on its end, and he didn’t even turn his head when he charged away at full speed.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Translator: Marcus

Editors:

TLCed by: Sliver, Ayu

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 - That Just Depends On Uncle Bai“s Will
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“这哪里是什么煞魂，这些分明就是厉鬼！”白小纯心惊肉跳，急速逃遁，心肝都在颤抖，方才与小女孩目光对望的一瞬，他清晰的感受到了一股生死危机，那种感觉，极为强烈，仿佛全身的每一寸血肉都在尖叫。

“These aren’t evil beasts, they’re freaking devils!” Bai Xiaochun’s heart was beating loudly as he ran for his life, trembling. The instant his eyes had locked onto that little girl's, he clearly felt that his life was being threatened, an extremely intense sensation, as if each inch of his blood and flesh was all screaming at once.

他有种预感，若是自己逃的慢了，会死在这里！

He had a feeling that if he was too slow in his escape, it would be his death!

死亡的感觉，让白小纯身体颤抖时，呼吸急促，眼中出现了血丝，此刻速度更快，顺着陨剑世界，向着深处飞奔。

That sensation of death made Bai Xiaochun tremble. Breathing rapidly, his eyes reddened as he increased his speed, flying along through the Ancient Blade World as he headed into the deeper parts.

只是一天后，他多次回头观察，确定没有煞魂追来，尤其是那个小女孩没有出现，这才长长的松了口气。

One day later, he looked back multiple times to make sure that there weren’t any evil spirits chasing him, especially that little girl. Only then did he let out a sigh of relief.

“那白衣小女孩不对劲！她原本与其他煞魂一样，可吃下了那枚怪丹后，整个气息都变了！”白小纯回想一天前的那一幕，心有余悸。

“There’s something wrong with that little girl in the white shirt! She was originally the same as all the other evil spirits, but her Qi, her soul (I don't know if you meant soul but it seems right), all changed after she ate that odd pellet!” Bai Xiaochun recalled the very frightening scene from yesterday.

“我到底是什么地方炼错了……”白小纯哭丧着脸，有心放弃，可一想到丹药的确能吸引煞兽，他就舍不得，此刻一咬牙，再次前行中，一边寻找煞兽，一边研究自己的药方，又过去了三天，终于的，他将自己的药方改良后，用了好大的决心，才重新开炉，又炼了一炉丹药。

“What went wrong in refining the pill this time…?” Bai Xiaochun made a crying face as he wanted to give up slightly, but after remembering that the pellets could actually attract evil beasts, he decided not to. Clenching his teeth, he moved forward once more, searching for evil beasts as he researched the possible errors in his own recipe. Three days passed, and finally, after making adjustments to his recipe, He gathered his determination before reopening the furnace to start refining again.

这一次没有雷霆，没有异变，药香散开时，白小纯炼出了四枚紫色的丹药，拿着丹药，他小心翼翼的外出尝试，做好了一旦再次将煞魂引来，就立刻逃走的准备。

This time, there wasn’t any lightning, and no odd changes as well. As the medicinal fragrance came out, Bai Xiaochun refined four purple pellets, and with them, he carefully went out to try them out, ready to escape the moment that any evil spirits appear again.

很快的，四周虚无波动，一头头煞兽被吸引过来，白小纯不敢立刻出手，而是飞速退后，谨慎的看着四周。

It wasn’t long before the nothingness around him rippled, evil beast after evil beast shot towards Bai Xiaochun’s direction, attracted by the pellets. Bai Xiaochun didn’t dare to attack immediately, instead quickly flying back to observe his surroundings.

直至被丹药吸引来的煞兽超过了二十多头，依旧没有煞魂出现，白小纯这才松了口大气，振奋激动起来。

There were over twenty evil beasts being attracted, and still no evil spirits appeared. Only then did Bai Xiaochun let out a sigh of relief, excitement replacing his worries.

“成了！”白小纯大笑，取出符箓贴在身上，全身上下立刻防护之光弥漫，冲向煞兽群内，他速度飞快，皮糙肉厚，手中木剑化作长虹，不断的穿梭，与这二十多头煞兽直接开战。

“Success!” Bai Xiaochun laughed out loudly as he took out a talisman to stick onto his body, instantly enveloping him in a protective multi-coloured light. He charged into the group of evil beasts, his speed fast, and his skin tough as the wooden blade in his hand turned into a rainbow, fluttering like silk as the battle with more than twenty evil beasts ensued.

随着一头头煞兽死亡，白小纯目中露出狂喜之意，一道道地脉之气急速而来，融入道瓶内，使得道瓶中的灰色地脉液体，不断地增加。

With the death of each evil beast, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes shone with more and more crazy glee. Wave after wave of earth pulse qi went to him, collected by his dao bottle, the grey liquid inside it was increasing continuously.

半晌后，当四周的煞兽全部被灭杀后，白小纯看着手中的道瓶，内心充满喜悦，仅仅是这么一会的时间，就堪比他之前数日的收获。

A while later, after killing off all the evil beasts in the area, Bai Xiaochun looked happily with satisfaction at the dao bottle in his hand. In only a short while, he had managed to collect a few days’ worth.

他深吸口气，收起丹药改变方向，选择了另一个区域，再次取出丹药，期望的等待起来，很快的，一头头煞兽出现，白小纯哈哈一笑，立刻出手。

Taking a deep breath, he put away the pellets and changed direction, choosing another area. He took out the pellet and waited with anticipation, and soon after, evil beasts started appearing. With a loud laugh, Bai Xiaochun immediately started attacking them.

时间流逝，在丹药的帮助下，白小纯道瓶内的灰色液体，与日俱增，这种收集的速度极为惊人，又过去了数日，这一天，正是白小纯进入这片陨剑世界的第一个完整月，他的道瓶内，已积累了近乎八成的地脉之气。

Time passed, and with the help of the pellets, the grey liquid in Bai Xiaochun’s dao bottle increased with each passing day. This speed of collecting was shocking, and after another few more days, marked the first complete month of Bai Xiaochun’s time in the Ancient Blade Abyss world since he had first stepped in, and his dao bottle was filled to almost eighty percent with Earth Pulse Qi.

“就差最后两成了！”白小纯更为激动，他不知道其他人都搜集到了什么程度，可他觉得能比自己多的，应该没有多少人。

“Twenty percent left!” Bai Xiaochun was excited, he didn’t know the progress of other people, but he felt that the people who had collected more than him shouldn’t be more than a few.

不过他性格喜欢稳妥，此刻打定主意，要一口气冲击十成！

But his personality dictated that he preferred a more stable progress. Making his decision, he decided to charge up the bottle to a hundred percent with one breath!

“我需要更多的煞兽！”白小纯舔了舔嘴唇，咬牙之下冲向陨剑世界的更深处，找到了一个四通八达的区域后，白小纯一口气取出了两枚丹药，这一次为了吸引更多煞兽，他索性将丹药捏碎，挥发在了四周。

“I need more and more evil beasts!” Bai XIaochun licked his lips as he flew to the deeper parts of the Ancient Blade World, teeth clenched. After finding an area with many openings, he took out two pellets at once, decisively crumbling them into dust and scattering them about in order to attract more beasts.

很快的，远处就有虚无扭曲，一头头煞兽，呼啸而来，白小纯立刻出手，轰鸣之声回荡四方时，他的身体外，随着一头头煞兽的死亡，一缕缕地脉之气不断地来临，融入道瓶。

Soon, the space started twisting in the distance, and evil beasts started coming out in waves. Bai Xiaochun attacked without delay, and as the rumbling of the battle echoed, silks of Earth Pulse Qi assimilated into the dao bottle with the death of each evil beast.

因白小纯捏碎了丹药，更因这个位置，虽不是这片世界的最深处，可也无限的接近，所以此地的煞兽数量极多，若是寻找，或许因煞兽沉睡，只有靠近才会出现，但眼下，却是一个个自行苏醒，不断地来临。

Because Bai Xiaochun crumbled the pellets into dust, and because of the location, which, despite not being the lowest and deepest area, was still very close to the bottom, and the evil beasts here were very large in number. If one were to search for them, the beasts would only appear when one gets close to them, perhaps because of the deep sleep most of them were in. At the moment, however, the beasts were all waking up by themselves and charging in Bai Xiaochun’s direction.

慢慢，这里的煞兽不再是数十，而是近百，甚至绝大多数都是中阶，偶尔也会出现高阶煞兽，这样的煞兽，单独一个需要数个天骄联手才可。

Slowly, the evil beasts here weren’t just a few tens in number, but almost a hundred, with most of them being at the middle level and the occasional high level Great Evil Beast. Only one of these Great Evil Beasts needed the allied efforts of a few Heaven’s Chosen to take it down.

甚至到了最后，白小纯击杀的速度不如此地煞兽增长，渐渐这四周的煞兽，足有二百多头，还在不断增加，这是一个让任何修士看到后，都会疯狂的数量。

Towards the end, the rate of Bai Xiaochun’s killing became lower than the rate of increasing evil beasts, and the evil beasts in the vicinity, slowly, reached two hundred, still increasing. This was a number that any cultivator would go crazy after seeing.

已经有四宗的弟子注意到了这里，赶来此地，在周边猎杀，尤其是有一个少年，本是路过此地，看到这里的煞兽后脚步一顿，仔细的扫了一眼所有人，收回目光后踏入煞兽群内，立刻出手。

There were already some disciples of the other four sects noticing this, and they quickly made their way over to kill some of the beasts on the sides. When one youth in particular was passing by, he paused after seeing the evil beasts gathering there. With a careful look at everyone present, he stepped into the crowd of evil beasts and started attacking as well.

这少年出手极为狠辣，他的出现，立刻让丹溪宗的弟子纷纷振奋，白小纯遥遥看去，立刻认出此人就是丹溪宗的第一天骄方林！

The youth’s attacks were cruel and vicious. His appearance instantly made the Pellet River Sect disciples grow excited, and as Bai Xiaochun glanced at him from a distance, he quickly recognized the person as Pellet River Sect’s number one, Jiao Fanglin!

自己引来的煞兽，却被别人抢杀，白小纯有些不甘心，可一想到自身很难快速杀完，于是哼了一声，也就没去在意。

The fact that the evil beasts that Bai Xiaochun himself had attracted were being killed by other people displeased Bai Xiaochun a little, but after realizing that it would be hard for them to kill the beasts faster than himself, he snorted, and didn’t think much of it afterward.

慢慢的，在这片区域的修士，数量超过了四十多人后，这才与煞兽的增长达到了一个平衡，每个人都狂喜，不断地联手灭杀煞兽。

Slowly, when the cultivators in the area reached more than forty people, a balance was met between the arrival of new beasts and the people ready to kill them, all of them were very delighted as they slew them together.

尤其是里面有一些是灵溪宗的弟子，也看到了白小纯，纷纷靠近，在白小纯的照顾下，收获更大。

Some of the people there were, in fact, Spirit River Sect disciples, and upon noticing Bai Xiaochun, they slowly made their way to him, and under his wing, reaped an even larger harvest.

白小纯振奋，他看着道瓶内的地脉液体，此刻已到了九成，再有一些煞兽，就可以化作地脉气引，可就在这时，突然的，远处的天地间，有十多道长虹呼啸而来。

Bai Xiaochun was very excited as he looked at the dao bottle’s Earth Pulse Liquid, already ninety percent full. With a few more beasts, he would be able to form an earth pulse qi attractor*. In this instant, however, a sudden burst of ten rainbows came soaring down from far above. *(I don't know if you want to put this in capitals or not)

这些长虹内的身影，穿着一致，全部都是玄溪宗的弟子，领头之人，是一个大汉，身体四周有雷电环绕，气势惊人。

The figures in the rainbow all wore the same clothing, all of them were Mystic River Sect disciples. Their leader was a huge man, with lightning surrounding his body, he was intimidating.

他的出现，立刻让这片区域的四宗弟子，一个个面色变化，唯独丹溪宗方林，看都不看一眼，依旧杀戮四周煞兽。

His appearance caused the faces on all the four sects’ disciples to change, with only the Pellet River Sect not even bothering to take a look, too busy killing the evil beasts around them.

“雷山！”

“Lei Shan!”

“玄溪宗第二天骄雷山，该死的，他若一个人出现也就罢了，怎么还带着这么多人！”

“Mystic River Sect’s top two, Heaven’s Chosen Lei Shan. Damn it, if it was only him it wouldn’t be that bad, but why does he have so many people following behind him!”

在这四周众人神色变化时，雷山看到如此多的煞兽，顿时狂喜，他也是途中遇到了同宗之人，听说此地出现了这么一个奇怪的兽潮，这才赶来。

But just as the expressions on the people gathered here changed, so did Lei Shan’s, bursting into a delightful face as he saw the amount of evil beasts here. He heard about a weird pool of beasts forming here from a disciple of his own sect who was on his way, quickly rushing here.

“我只差四成就可以凑出一份地脉气引，杀了这里所有的煞兽，就可以成功了！”雷山仰天大笑时，他身边的玄溪宗弟子立刻知晓其意，有一个长脸青年，嘿嘿一笑的迈步走出，向着这片区域，阴冷的开口。

“I only have forty percent left before I can make an earth pulse qi attractor. If I kill all the evil beasts here it’d be completed!” Lei Shan was laughing at the sky when the Mystic Sect disciples beside him understood his meaning. One long faced youth stepped out with wide strides as he chuckled, speaking coldly out at the entire area.

“此地非我玄溪宗弟子，立刻滚开，这里属于我们玄溪宗了！”他话语一出，这片区域内的其他三宗弟子，纷纷怒视，而原本就在这里的玄溪宗弟子，却一个个笑了起来，很快与雷山汇合

在一起，人数足有三十多个。

“Any people not from the Mystic River Sect, scram immediately, this is Mystic River Sects' territory now!” As he spoke, the disciples of the three other sects stared back angrily, and the Mystic River Sect disciples already present started laughing, quickly joining Lei Shan’s group, numbering thirty people.

这三十多人，在雷山的带领下，立刻强行驱赶，若是有要反抗的，顿时就被雷山带人直接灭杀，一时之间，此地大乱。

These thirty people, under Lei Shan’s leadership, took control of the area by force, killing anyone who tried to resist instantly. It wasn’t long before the place erupted into chaos.

“十息之内，留下你们的道瓶，都滚出这里！”

“Within ten breaths, leave all your dao bottles and get out of here!”

“不愿意走的，就把命也留下好了。”玄溪宗众人一个个目光闪动时，血溪宗在这里的**人相互看了看，一个个立刻退后，遥遥远去。

“Those who refuse to leave, why don’t you leave your lives here as well!” As the Mystic River Sect’s crowd’s eyes shone, the people from the Blood River Sect looked at each other, immediately stepping back and leaving.

血溪宗的弟子，大都单独，如同孤狼，即便是雷山也不愿逼的太紧，任由血溪宗这**人离去。

The disciples of the Blood River Sect were all solitary people, similar to foxes and wolves, making even Lei Shan unwilling to force them too much. He allowed the Blood River Sect disciples to leave peacefully.

丹溪宗无奈，只能退避，雷山迟疑了一下，他也看到了兽群内的方林，对于这方林，他不想招惹，他怀疑自己半个月前看到的那处恐怖的战场，就是方林与人战斗时弄出的。

The Pellet River Sect disciples felt helpless, their only option for them was to leave. Lei Shan hesitated, seeing Fanglin in the middle of a group of evil beasts. He didn’t want to go against someone like Fanglin, suspecting that the terrifying war zones he saw half a month earlier was caused by Fanglin while he was battle with other people.

而他对于那片战场很是心惊，此刻迟疑中，任由那些丹溪宗弟子离去，至于方林那边，雷山打定主意，彼此互不相犯。

He was also very shocked at the battlefield, and in his hesitation, allowed the Pellet River Sect disciples to leave as well. As for Fanglin, Lei Shan made a note to himself, to never cross paths with him, so long as he didn’t cross his.

眼看血溪宗与丹溪宗都离去，灵溪宗的弟子，纷纷看向白小纯。

Seeing the departure of Blood River Sect and Pellet River Sect, the disciples of the Spirit River Sect all looked towards Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯气愤，可对方人数太多，自己这里只有不到十人，一旦争执，或许他这里不会有事，可其他人必定死亡惨重。

Bai Xiaochun was furious, but the opponent simply had too many people, with his own people numbering less than ten. A fight here might not get him killed, but that wasn’t the same for the other people with him, it’d be a gruesome death count.

“我们走，不就是一个兽潮么，一会师叔带你们再弄一个！”白小纯咬牙，正要离去，可就在这时，雷山遥遥的看了白小纯等人一眼，忽然笑了。

“Let’s leave, it’s just a beast tide, after all. Uncle Bai will make another one for you guys later!” Clenching his teeth, Bai Xiaochun was just about to leave when Lei Shan, who was watching them from afar, started laughing suddenly.

血溪宗人人都凶残，他不愿太过为难，丹溪宗有方林在，他不想招惹，而灵溪宗这里，雷山目光一扫，只看到了一个白小纯，其他人都是寻常之辈，一想到宗门玉简内对白小纯的介绍，雷山目中露出轻蔑。

The people from the Blood River Sect were all vicious, so he didn’t want to force them too much. The Pellet River Sect had Fanglin with them, and so he didn’t want to mess with them either. The Spirit River Sect, however, had only one Bai Xiaochun, while all the others were normal disciples. Recalling the introduction regarding Bai Xiaochun in the sect jade scroll, Lei Shan looked down on him, his scorn reflecting in his eyes.

“灵溪宗的人，走可以，留下你们的道瓶！否则的话，你们一个也别想走！”雷山眼中杀机一闪，灵溪宗众人面色变化，白小纯更是生气了。

“Spirit River Sect disciples, you can go, but the dao bottles stays! Otherwise don’t think that any of you are leaving!” The killing intent in Lei Shan’s eyes shone, and the faces of the Spirit River Sect disciples changed. Bai Xiaochun got angrier.

“抢我煞兽，还要夺我道瓶，你们太欺负人了！”

“You stole my evil beasts, and now you want my dao bottle? Isn’t that a little too much bullying?”

“欺负的就是你们，要怪，就怪你们中没有强者！”雷山冷哼，身体一晃而出，直奔灵溪宗而来，其他玄溪宗弟子，也都狞笑的从四周疾驰靠近。

“That’s what we’re doing. You want to blame something, blame the fact that there’s no strong people in your group!” Snorting coldly, Lei Shan flung his body out, heading straight for the Spirit River Sect. The other Mystic River Sect disciples grinned as they closed in from all sides.

“白师叔！”

“Uncle Bai!”

“我们怎么办，白师叔！”灵溪宗的弟子，一个个焦急时，白小纯眼中出现了血丝，他右手猛的抬起时，手中出现了一枚黑色的丹药，正是吸引煞魂之丹。

“What do we do, Uncle Bai!” Just as the disciples of the Spirit River Sect was worrying, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes reddened. Raising his right hand, he revealed a black pellet in his palm, the pellet that was attracting the beasts.

“等我扔下丹药后，你们……”白小纯红着眼，神色肃然的开口时，他身边的所有灵溪宗弟子，一个个在看到白小纯取出丹药后，全部倒吸口气，面色比之前玄溪宗到来时，更要惊恐，根本就没等白小纯话语说完，齐齐展开了全速，爆发出了超过以往的速度，疾驰后退，就要避开。

“After I throw this pellet down, you guys…” With red eyes, Bai Xiaochun had just started speaking solemnly, when all the disciples around him took a deep breath, upon seeing what he took out, their faces were more shocked and worried than when the Mystic River Sect came. At full speed, all of them exploded away, avoiding it before Bai Xiaochun had even finished his words.

“那是……传说中的发情丹？”

“That’s… The legendary aphrodisiac pellet?”

“天啊，莫非这些煞兽也管用！”

“Oh god, don’t tell me they work on the evil beasts as well!”

“白师叔是神人啊，对煞兽有没有用，只看白师叔想不想了……赶紧走，慢了就危险！”

“Uncle Bai is a godlike figure, whether it works on the beasts or not, that just depends on Uncle Bai’s will… Leave, quickly! It’ll get dangerous if you’re not fast enough!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 - Big Brother Has Something To Do
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 150 - Big Brother Has Something To Do

这几个灵溪宗弟子，一个个心惊胆颤，刹那远去，哪怕是玄溪宗弟子要阻拦，也都不如他们此刻在白小纯丹药的威慑下爆出的速度。

Terrified, the Spirit River Sect disciples instantly furthered themselves from Bai Xiaochun. Even if the Mystic River Sect disciples were starting to stop Bai Xiaochun, their speed was inferior to the disciples running full speed away that instant from the imminent wrath of Bai Xiaochun’s pellet.

白小纯眼看这几个同门瞬间逃走，他自己也都愣了一下，以为自己拿错了丹药，低头看了眼，确定没错后，他干咳一声，大吼中将丹药仍在了地上，轰的一声直接爆开，化作了阵阵黑雾向着四周扩散。

Seeing his sect’s disciples run away so fast, Bai Xiaochun blanked out himself for a second, thinking that he took the wrong pellet out. After lowering his head and confirming that there was no mistake, he cleared his throat, throwing the pellet at the ground with a roar. It exploded with a rumble and turned into black mist spreading out in all directions.

雷山皱起眉头，四周的玄溪宗弟子，也都立刻避开，担心有毒，在这四散中，四周的那些煞兽，一个个闻到了丹药爆开形成的黑雾，顿时目中露出狂热，发出惊人的嘶吼。

Lei Shan frowned. The Mystic River Sect disciples around him instantly jumped away, afraid of the possibility of poison. The evil beasts, on the other hand, smelled the black mist caused from the explosion of the pellet, all of them going into a heated craze as they roared loudly.

与此同时，雷山目光如电，透过雾气，看到了白小纯在扔完丹药后，正要快速逃走，他冷哼一声。

At that instant, Lei Shan’s eyes pierced through the mist like lightning, seeing that Bai Xiaochun was just about to run after throwing the pellet. He snorted coldly.

“想走？留下你的道瓶！”雷山袖子一甩，立刻全身雷电轰鸣，向着四方炸开，将这黑雾推散时，他身体一冲而出，直奔白小纯。

“Wanna leave? Leave your dao bottle behind!” Lei Shan swept his sleeve to the side, his body rumbling with lightning as he blasted them outwards, parting the black mist and charging out straight at Bai Xiaochun.

他的速度太快，身体外雷电闪耀时，脚下更有火焰，冲刺之下，刹那追近，右手抬起向前一指，立刻天空轰鸣，一片火海骤然幻化，阻挡在了白小纯的前方，形成了火墙的同时，更是从那火墙内，弹出了一道道闪电，直奔白小纯而去。

His speed was too fast. As his body was flashing with lightning, flames came out from under his feet. In his charge, Lei Shan neared Bai Xiaochun instantly as he rised his right hand forward, pointing. A rumbling from the skies followed, and a sea of flames came into existence, blocking Bai Xiaochun’s path. As the wall of flames formed, flashes of lightning burst out, shooting straight at Bai Xiaochun.

玄溪宗的弟子看到这一幕，一个个目中露出讥讽，在他们看去，白小纯在雷山面前想要逃走，根本就是痴人说梦。

As the Mystic River Sect disciples witnessed the scene, ridicule could be seen in their eyes. To them, Bai Xiaochun would be dreaming an idiot’s dream if he wanted to escape Lei Shan.

“雷山师兄当年被一个筑基散修追杀七天，生生逃走，在速度上，九岛大师兄都赞叹。”

“Senior brother Lei Shan was once hunted down by a foundation establishment cultivator for seven days once, barely making it out alive. In speed, even senior brother Jiu Dao had praise for him.”

“尤其是雷火之法，雷山师兄更是走到了极致，等闲之辈绝非对手，这白小纯自己找死！”

“The Lightningflame technique in particular was pushed to the extreme by senior brother Lei Shan, ordinary people are no match for that. This Bai Xiaochun is digging his own grave!”

在这些玄溪宗弟子讥讽时，白小纯心中焦急，他不知道煞魂什么时候会被吸引来，能早一些离开自然是更好，此刻眼看前方被阻挡，他眼中精芒一闪，猛的冲出，直接与那些闪电撞在了一起。

As the Mystic Sect Disciples ridiculed him, Bai Xiaochun panicked inside. Unsure of when the evil spirits would appear from the pellets’ attraction, he thought that the sooner he left, the better. At that instant, upon seeing his path blocked, his eyes shined as he burst forward, directly colliding with the lightning.

轰轰轰！

Boom!

闪电在碰触白小纯的刹那，居然肉眼可见的全部崩溃，化作无数弧形电光四散，而白小纯的身体没有丝毫停顿，直接就撞在了火墙上，巨响滔天，这火墙一样崩溃，被白小纯直接穿透而过。

The instant the lightning and Bai Xiaochun made contact, it visibly collapsed, turning into uncountable streaks of small lightning, disspating. Bai Xiaochun, on the other hand, was completely unscathed as he directly crashed into the wall of fire, the explosion piercing the skies as the wall collapsed as well. Bai Xiaochun pierced through directly.

“不可能！”

“Impossible!”

雷山睁大了眼，倒吸口气，神色内露出无法置信与骇然，他了解自己的术法，他有信心，除了九岛，鬼牙、宋缺以及方林外，其他凝气弟子，遇到自己的雷火之法，不死也要重伤。

Lei Shan had his eyes wide open as he took in a deep breath, his eyes aghast and full of disbelief. He understood his own spells well, and he was confident that other than Jiu Dao, Gui Yao, Song Que, and Fang Lin, any other qi condensation disciple would have severe injuries if not death upon meeting his lightningflame technique.

可眼下，白小纯居然就这么的生生撞了过去。

But what he was seeing was Bai Xiaochun just charging through it like that.

“此人……”雷山呼吸急促，正骇然时，忽然的，他全身猛地一寒，一股强烈的无法形容的危机，瞬间降临，他猛的回头，立刻就看到在远处的天地间，此刻虚无不断地扭曲，在那扭曲里，赫然有一道又一道煞魂的身影，正带着渴望，急速而来。

“This man…” Lei Shan was breathing heavily, aghast. Abruptly, he felt a chill in his entire body, a strong and intense feeling of undescribable intuition that he was in great danger. It came to him immediately as he quickly turned back, immediately spotting many twistings in the emptiness some distance away. From those twists he saw figures of evil spirit after evil spirit appearing, speeding towards them with longing.

“煞魂！！”雷山倒吸口气，正要后退，可紧接着整个人差点魂飞魄散。

“Evil spirits!” Lei Shan took a deep breath, and was just about to back away when he was scared witless.

“这么多！！天啊！！”他立刻就看到，这四周的出现的煞魂不是三五个，而是数十，甚至随着远处虚无扭曲，还有更多，四面八方，粗略一看足有上百。

“This many! Oh god!” He immediately saw that the evil spirits that were coming out weren’t just three or five, but tens of them, coming out of more twists from farther away. Coming from all directions, there seemed to be a good hundred of them.

尤其是这些煞魂中，有一个穿着白色衣服的小女孩，抱着一个小熊，一脸阴冷，目光幽冥，明明没有表情，可偏偏在雷山以及数十个玄溪宗弟子的耳边，却听到了咯咯的笑声。

Among the evil spirits was in particular a white clothed little girl. With a teddy bear in her arms, her face was cold and her eyes ghastly. She didn’t have an expression, but near the ears of the Lei Shan and the tens of Mystic Sect Disicples, a giggle could be heard.

这笑声诡异，阴气森森，让所有人听到后都心神颤抖，即便是远处兽群内的方林，此刻也都睁大了眼，倒吸口气，急速后退。

It was a chilling laughter, a terrifying one. Everyone shivered upon hearing that, the evil beasts in the forest far away widening their eyes as well, backing away as they breathed rapidly.

远处正夺命狂奔的白小纯，也隐隐听到了这个笑声，头皮发麻，大黑锅内的翅膀都模糊了，速度爆发到了极致，呼啸远去。

Bai Xiaochun, who was running for his life, faintly heard the laughter as well, his scalp going numb. The wings of the black pot were already blurring as he pushed his speed to the extreme, bursting into the distance.

“哼，让你们抢我的煞兽，你家白爷爷的煞兽，岂能是那么好抢的！”白小纯哼了一声，速度更快。

“Hmph, that’s what you get for stealing my evil beasts. Grandpa Bai’s evil beasts can’t just be stolen without a price!” Bai Xiaochun snorted as he increased his speed.

雷山勉强咽下一口唾沫，面色苍白，顾不得兽群内的同门，急速后退。

Struggling as he swallowed a mouth of saliva, Lei Shan’s face was pale as he backed away, incapable of helping all his sect’s disciples.

就在这时，那穿着白衣服的小女孩，身体一晃，竟穿梭到其他煞魂的最前方，第一个出现在了丹药爆开的区域，站在这里，猛的一吸，立刻四周丹药化作的黑雾，立刻翻滚，化作了七股，顺着小女孩的七窍，瞬间钻入。

At that moment, the girl in white clothing swayed, bursting to the very front of all the other evil beasts, arriving first to the area where the pellets exploded. Standing there, she took a deep breath as all the black mist formed by the pellets around her started rolling and transforming into seven streams, burrowing into the girl’s eyes, nostrils, mouth, and ears immediately.

与此同时，这四周的煞兽，也都一个个颤抖中，身体逐渐的崩溃，成为了飞灰，而那数十个玄溪宗的弟子，也都身体不受控制的颤抖，阵阵白气从七窍内散出，被那小女孩连同黑雾，一起吸走。

At the same time, the evil beasts around her were in the middle of trembling as their bodies slowly collapsed, turning into ash. The tens of Mystic Sect Disciples couldn’t help but tremble as well as streams of white qi were pulled out from the eyes, nostrls, mouth, and ears, sucked away along with the black mist by the little girl.

“哥哥，你们陪我玩吧……”小女孩的表情不再是阴冷，而是出现了诡异，嘴角扯了一下，似乎在笑，可这笑容的惊恐，让所有看到的修士，都心神狂震。

“Big brothers, come play with me…” The little girl’s expression was no longer cold, but very strange. The edge of her lips were pulled slightly, as if she was smiling- but the horror of her smile sent all the cultivators who saw it into panic.

而她的声音如从虚无中传来，阴森无比，回荡八方时，她四周的那些玄溪宗弟子，如魂被抽走，身体肉眼可见的枯瘦下来，仿佛失去了魂，成为了会动的尸体，僵硬的来到了小女孩的身边，手舞足蹈，似乎在陪着她玩耍……

Her laughter, on the other hand, came fro the emptiness, incomparably ghastly as it reverberated all around. At that time, the Mystic Sect disciples around her seemed to have their souls sucked out, their bodies visibly thinning down as if losing their souls, becoming walking corpses sa they walked unnaturally to the side of the little girl, dancing, as if they were playing with her…

枯萎的身躯，僵硬的四肢，诡异的舞蹈……这一幕幕，让远处的雷山与方林，面色瞬间苍白，二人心惊胆颤，骇然到了极致，疯了一样的逃遁。

Skinny bodies, stiff limbs, strange dance… The scene paled the faces of Lei Shan and Fang Lin immediately, who were watching from afar, the two of them terrified, running away like mad as they reached their limits.

“这是什么煞魂！”

“What kind of evil spirit is this!”

“宗门的资料里，没有记录过有这样的煞魂，居然会说话，这不可能啊！”

“The sect’s information doesn’t have any records on this kind of evil spirit, it can even talk, that’s impossible!”

雷山颤抖，方林哆嗦，二人向着不同的方向，不惜用出保命之法，只为让速度更快。

Lei Shan trembled, and Fang Lin mumbled. Going different directions, they used the techniques they saved for protecting their lives with no hesitation as long as they could run away faster.

小女孩四周的煞魂，一个个没有吸到丹药的黑雾，纷纷安静，很快重新露出茫然，在这四周漂来漂去。

The evil spirits around the little girl did not suck in any of the black mists made by the pellets, all of them quiet as the lost look in their eyes came back once more, drifting about the area.

唯独小女孩，站在一群煞魂中，双眸漆黑，更为诡异，缓缓抬起了头，没有去看向雷山以及方林逃走的方位，而是遥遥的，凝望白小纯离去的地方，嘴角一扯，似又有笑容浮现，半晌后，她一晃，飞向雷山逃走的地方。

Only the girl, who stood in the middle of the evil beasts, raised her head slowly, her eyes pitch black. She didn’t look at where Lei Shan and Fang Lin ran off to, but looked in the direction of Bai Xiaochun, who was far away. The edge of her lips was pulled once more as another smile emerged. A while later, she swayed her body and flew to where Lei Shan was running.

陨剑世界深处，白小纯一连飞奔了两天，这才停顿下来，对于煞魂中的那个白衣小女孩，他很是心惊，可一想到自己的地脉之气已九成多，很快就会凝聚一份地脉气引，又振奋起来，小范围的使用吸引煞兽的丹药，再次累计地脉之气。

In the depths of the Meteoric Sword World, Bai Xiaochun had been flying without rest for two days before finally stoppin. Regarding the white clothed girl among the evil spirits, he was still very shocked. When he thought about how his earth pulse qi had already reached more than ninety percent and how he would be completing an earth pulse qi attractor soon, his excitement rose again. Using his pellets in a small area, he started attracting evil beasts and resume collecting earth pulse qi once more.

两天后，当他在另一片区域，凝聚了数十头煞兽，正不断地厮杀时，终于，他的道瓶内，地脉之气凝聚完整，那灰色的液体瞬间沸腾，肉眼可见的凝固，很快的，道瓶传出咔咔之声，骤然碎裂。

Two days later, when he gathered the earth pulse qi from tens of evil beasts in another area, the earth pulse qi in his dao bottle neared completion finally as he killed relentlessly, the grey liquid boiling as it was visibly solid. Soon, the dao bottle started making cracking sounds as he abruptly shattered.

随着碎裂，一枚灰色的晶石，出现在了白小纯的手中，握住晶石，白小纯有种感觉，似乎自己与这个世界，产生了一丝共鸣，这晶石，成为了他与这个世界之间的钥匙。

Following the shattering of the bottle, a gray gem stone appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s palm. Holding it, he had a feeling that a resonance was seemingly created between him and this world- the gem stone, the key between him and this world.

“成了！”白小纯呼吸急促，他感觉很强烈，只要自己灵力大量的融入，就可以去筑基，此刻他深吸口气，知道自己不能草率，要选择一个相对安全的地方筑基，否则的话，一旦被干扰，将会悔恨终生。

“Success!” Bai Xiaochun breathed rapidly, feeling very intense. All he had to do now was to put in massive amounts of his qi, and he would reach foundation establishment. Taking a deep breath, he understood that he couldn’t be careless. He had to choose a comparitively safer place to ascend to foundation establishment- otherwise, if he was interrupted, he’d regret that for the rest of his life.

“筑基，筑基，哈哈！”白小纯压下兴奋，正要寻找安全的地方时，忽然觉得背后阴风阵阵，脖子凉飕飕的，白小纯一愣，下意识的回头，一眼就看到了在自己的身后，几乎是紧贴着自己，不知存在了多久的……一张脸！

“Foundation establishment, foundation establishment, haha!” Bai Xiaochun held down his excitement, and was just about to find a safe place when he suddenly felt a cold air blowing at his back, his neck feeling cool as Bai Xiaochun stood there stunned. Subconsciously, he turned his head and saw that there was soething almost sticking onto him for who knows how long… a face!

那是一个表情诡异，扯着嘴角露出笑容的……小女孩的脸！

That was a creepy expression, the lips tightly pulled into a laugh… The face of a little girl!

四周瞬间寂静……白小纯猛地睁大了眼，全身汗毛竖起，生命之火都在摇晃，所有的直觉都告诉自己，眼前这个小女孩，非常危险！

Everything quieted down instantly… Bai Xiaochun widened his eyes big as the hairs on his body stood up, the fire of his life flickering as all his insticts screamed at him- the girl before him was extremely dangrous!

“哥哥，你陪我玩吧。”

“Big brother, why don’t you play with me.”

她声音阴森，在传出时，四周一下子冰寒起来，也正是在这一瞬，白小纯注意到了小女孩怀中抱着的没有皮的血色小熊……

Her voice was eerie, and when it sounded out, the surroundings chilled. It was at that instant that Bai Xiaochun noticed a blood colored teddy bear with no skin in the arms of the little girl…

这一看之下，白小纯心神轰鸣，那哪里是什么小熊，那是……被剥了皮，身体缩小的修士，仔细看去，分明是之前欲拦住白小纯的雷山！

Upon a closer look, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes and heart rumbled. That wasn’t a teddy bear, that was… a skinned, skinny cultivator! Another closer look showed it to be clearly the Lei Shan that blocked Bai Xiaochun earlier!

堂堂玄溪宗第二天骄，此刻被小女孩抱在怀里，而雷山明显没有死亡，可却失去了舌头，发不出声音，只能痛的不断颤抖。

A great second Heaven’s Chosen of the Mystic River Sect, at this moment was obviously still alive as he was in the little girl’s arms. He had, however, lost his tongue, unable to make a sound as he trembled non stop.

白小纯口干舌燥，猛地后退，全身都颤抖了，更有强烈的惊恐，尤其是想到对方可能在自己身后很久，而自己居然始终没有发现，白小纯就更为颤抖。

Bai Xiaochun’s tongue was dry as he quickly stepped backwards, his whole body trembling as an intense fear enveloped him, especially when he remembered that the girl was behind him for a long time without him even realizing that. It made him shudder with fear even more.

“哥哥有事……那个，你找别人玩吧……有个家伙叫宋缺，还有个家伙叫九岛，对了，之前有个叫方林的你也看到了，你……你去找他们玩吧。”白小纯都快哭了，快速退后时，他看到小女孩诡异的冲着自己笑了笑，居然靠近过来，猛的一吸。

“Big brother has something to do… Um, why don’t you go find someone else to play with you… There’s this guy called Song Que, and another guy called Jiu Dao. Oh yeah, there was also that Fang Lin you also saw earlier, you… you can go get them to play with you.” Bai Xiaochun was almost crying as he quickly steeped backwards, seeing the girl creepily charge at him as she smiled, closing in and sucking in a deep breath.

这一吸，白小纯只觉得脑海嗡的一声，全身上下所有的生机，居然在这一刻被撼动，似要从身体内被抽出，若是换了别人，这一瞬立刻就会生机脱体。

That suction made Bai Xiaochun’s brain buzz as all his life in his entire body shook, as if it was being sucked out of his body. If it was anyone else, that life would leave his body instantly.

可白小纯肉身强悍，不死长生功的银光，在这一刻骤然散出，勉强支撑时，白小纯发出一声凄厉的嘶吼，那种生死之感，让他立刻取出第三枚怪丹，狠狠的向着远处一把扔出。

But Bai Xiaochun’s body was very strong, and the undying longevity technique’s silver light shined out abruptly as it barely held out. At theat moment, Bai Xiaochun let out a miserable roar as he felt his very life being threatened, forcing him to take out three odd pills and throw them far away with a big throw.

丹药飞出的一瞬，小女孩眼中露出幽芒，似很开心的不再理会白小纯，一晃直奔丹药飞去。

The instant the pellets shot out, the little girl’s eyes shined as she happily took her attention off Bai Xiaochun, darting off after the pellets.

白小纯面色苍白，趁着这个机会，转身不顾一切的爆发速度，轰鸣远去。

Face pale, Bai Xiaochun took the chance and turned, running away with explosive speed, not caring about anything else as he rumbled into the distance.

小女孩没有去追，拿着丹药放在了嘴里，瞳孔更为漆黑，脸上带着诡异的笑容，遥望白小纯离去的方向。(未完待续。)

The girl didn’t chase after him, putting the pellets into her mouth as her pupils grew even darker, her face turning to where Bai Xiaochun was running with a creepy smile on it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 - Bai Xiaochun, You Think You Can Take Me On?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

一想到方才的凶险与危机，白小纯就心颤，此刻天色渐晚，四下看不到身影，白小纯找到了一处山洞，气喘吁吁，一边打坐，一边警惕的看着四周，这山洞他觉得还算隐蔽，正考虑要不要选择这里筑基时，忽然的，他眼前出现了扭曲。

Recalling the extreme danger that threatened his life earlier, Bai Xiaochun’s heart shook. The sky was getting darker, and it was getting hard to see. Finding a cave, Bai Xiacohun breathed heavily as he sat down with his legs crossed, alertly looking at his surroundings. He felt that the cave was hidden well enough, and was just about to choose the spot for foundation establishment when suddenly the space before him twisted.

这扭曲只是一瞬就恢复，分不清是这世界扭曲，还是自身的眼睛扭曲，总之，在恢复之后，他的面前，无声无息的出现了一道身影。

The twist lasted only an instant, and it was hard to tell if it was the world twisting or his own eyes twisting. After the twist ended, a figure appeared in front of him without a sound or breath.

正是那穿着白衣服的小女孩，黑色的眼睛，死死的盯着自己。

It was the little girl clothed in white, her eyes black as she stared at him.

“哥哥，你不要走，陪我玩……”

“Big brother, don’t go, play with me…”

白小纯要崩溃了，他眼珠子通红，掐诀间立刻灵力散开化作紫色的大鼎，轰的一声砸向前方。

Bai Xiaochun was falling apart. Eyes red, he pinched his fingers and immediately spread his qi, forming a great purple cauldron that shot out forward with a rumble.

地面颤抖时，他身体一跃而出，低头看去时，发现根本就没有那白衣小女孩的身影，之前的一切，如同是自己的幻觉。

As the ground shook, his body leapt out, and when he lowered his head to take a look, he realized that the little girl couldn’t be found anywhere at all. Everything from before was like an illusion.

“该死的！”白小纯面色难看，他察觉出了不对劲，也猜测那诡异的小女孩，或许是在自己身上，下了什么术法。

“Damn it!” Bai Xiaochun didn’t look good. He already felt that something was wrong, guessing that the creepy girl might ver well be above him, using some kind of spell.

无心休息，白小纯咬牙，再次前行，要尽可能的远离这里，又过去了一个时辰，他遥遥的看到了三个修士正在彼此厮杀，白小纯刚一靠近，脚步猛地一顿。

With no mood for rest, Bai Xiaochun clenched his jaw and moved forward once more, trying to get away from the place with any means necessary. Another hour passed, and he faintly saw three cultivators killing each other in the distance. As he neared, his footsteps stopped completely.

他前一刻看那三人四周还是空旷，没有其他身影，可眼下却看到在三人的身边，那白衣小女孩，诡异的站在那里，冲着自己微笑，只不过这笑容越来越大，到了最后，赫然化作了一张大口，向着自己瞬间扑来。

What he saw before was just the three people, their surroundings empty, and no one else was there. As he stared, there was now that white clothed girl beside the three, standing creepily as she charged at him with a smile- a smile that grew bigger and bigger until finally turning into a gaping mouth as she continued to charge toward him.

白小纯头皮一炸，全身修为散开，右手握拳，不死长生功爆发，一拳轰出，地面震动，小女孩消失，不远处那三个修士，此刻都骇然的看着白小纯，他们亲眼看到白小纯出现后，如发狂一样，居然一拳轰在一块山石上。

Bai Xiaochun’s scalp went numb as he released all his cultivation, right fist clenched as his undying longevity technique exploded. Shooting out his fist, the floor rumbled and the little girl vanished. Not far away the three cultivators all abruptly stared at Bai Xiaochun, and after seeing him with their own eyes they seemed to go insane, punching a fist into a boulder.

眼看那山石成了飞灰，三人倒吸口气，立刻避开。

Seeing the boulder turn into dust, the three took a breath of relief and left immediately.

白小纯沉默，看向四周，咬牙之下继续远去。

Silent, Bai Xiaochun looked around his surroundings, leaving with his jaw clenched.

很快过去了两天，白小纯整个人疲惫不堪，这两天里，他太多次的看到了白衣小女孩，甚至连自己打坐也都可以看到对方的身影。

Two days passed by quickly, and Bai Xiaochun’s entire body was exhausted. In the past two days he’d seen too much of the little girl in white clothes, to the point where he could even see her figure when he meditated.

且这种状态越来越严重，开始时还间隔一个时辰，可眼下几乎每隔三百息，就会发作一次，根本就无法去筑基。

Furthermore, the situation was worsening. At the beginning there was an hour of interval between the little girl’s appearances, but now it was a mere interval of three hundred breaths. It was impossible for him to reach foundation establishment.

而在这两天里，白小纯也遇到了一些四宗弟子，甚至灵溪宗的弟子也都遇到，可没有一个能看到白衣小女孩，他们的眼睛里，白小纯是独自一个人。

And in these two days, Bai Xiaochun also met some of the disciples from the four sects, even chancing upon Spirit River Sect disciples. None of them, however, was able to see the white clothed girl, seeing only Bai Xiaochun alone in their eyes.

就在这第二天的黄昏，白小纯双眼血丝弥漫，他明显感觉到，自己的身体在这疲惫中，似乎生机难以锁定，竟出现了要飘散出去的征兆，甚至头脑也都有些昏昏沉沉。

And on the second day’s dusk, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were bloodshot as he felt a prominent exhaustion in his body, finding it difficult to lock his life with the place, with even the indication that he would float out. His head was slightly dizzy as well.

“下一次的发作，就快到了……”白小纯沉默，索性不再前行，而是坐在一块大石上，握紧了拳头，他的身上还有一枚怪丹，可他不敢继续扔出，他有种直觉，自己之所以没死，就是因为这枚丹药还在自己手中。

“It’s almost time for the next attack…” Bai Xiaochun was silent, determined to not go forward anymore, instead sitting on a huge boulder with his fists clenched. He still had one odd pellet with him, but he didn’t dare throwing that out. His gut told him that he only survived in the past attacks because he still had the pellet with him.

一旦扔出，被那小女孩获得，那么自己很有可能……会与雷山差不多的下场，这一次的事情，也给他敲响了一个前所未有的警钟，丹药……不可随意去炼。

If that was to be tossed out, and taken by the little girl, then he would verylikely… meet the same fate as Lei Shan. The recent events gave him an alertness he never had. The pellet… it can’t be refined without second thoughts.

“这种似真非真，似幻非幻的事情，可以看成是一种毒，只要找到解毒的办法，就可以痊愈！”

“This sort of thing that seems real and unreal, illusory and not illusory at the same time, can be seen as a sort of poison. If I find the antiode to the poison, then I can be cured!”

白小纯沉吟时，突然的，远处有一道长虹呼啸而过，原本是要路过而去，但在靠近白小纯这里时，却突然停了下来。

As Bai Xiaochun was moaning, a sudden rainbow swept past in the distance. Oiginally supposed to pass by, it abruptly stopped when it neared where Bai Xiaochun was.

“咦？”这是血溪宗的青年，一脸纨绔的样子，此刻看向白小纯时，目中露出火热，他的手中拿着一个罗盘，眼下这罗盘的指针，指向白小纯时，发出刺目的强光。

“Eh?” This was a youth of the Blood River Sect, with the air of someone well dressed as he looked at Bai Xiaochun, passion burning in his eyes. In his hand was a compass, and it was, at the moment, pointed at Bai Xaiochun, emitting a blinding light.

“你居然搜集到了足够的地脉之气，形成了地脉气引……这也太快了！！”

“You managed to collect enough earth pulse qi and formed an earth pulse qi attractor… That’s way too fast!”

“哈哈，这是命中注定啊，我许小山这一次可以名震四宗，第一个筑基！”这青年，正是血溪宗的许小山，此刻他激动，又看了白小纯一眼。

“Haha, this is destiny! I, Xu Xiaoshan, will be able to shake the four sects with my name this time, the first foundation establishment cultivist!” This youth was none other than the Xu Xiaoshan of the Blood River Sect. In his excitement, he shot Bai Xiaochun another glance.

“别烦我，一边玩去！”白小纯心烦，他正计算时间，还有十几息，再次发作的时间就到了。

“Don’t disturb me, go play in a corner!” Bai Xiaochun was troubled, and was calculating the time. More than ten breaths before, the time for the attack came again.

“我知道你，你叫白小纯，在你们灵溪宗内，被誉为是杀手锏般的弟子，可惜你现在的状态，居然虚弱到了如此，你的生命之火黯淡的随时可以熄灭，我许小山的机会来啦！”

“I know you, you’re called Bai Xiaochun, named the mace-like killer disciple in your Spirit River Sect. Too bad your conditions are so bad right now, you’ve weakened to this point! The flame of your life is flickering and could extinguished any moment, the time for Xu Xiaoshan has come!”

“白小纯，你身上有一枚地脉结晶，咱们商量一下，你借我玩玩怎么样。”许小山目中露出贪婪，仰天大笑，身体一晃，掐诀时立刻他的四周，居然出现了七八种法器，每一个都散发晶芒，透出不俗的气势，在他的挥舞下，直奔白小纯而来。

“Bai Xiaochun, that earth pulse qi attractor you have on you, let’s talk about it, why don’t you let me play with it for a while.” Xu Xiaoshan’s eyes exposed his greed as he laughed loudly at the sky. With a shudder of his body, he pinched his fingers and seven to eight types of magical items appeared around him instantly, all of them glowing with crystal light, letting out a formidable aura. Under his command, they charged at Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯抬头，冷眼看了许小山，正要出手，可就在这时，他眼前忽然扭曲，白衣小女孩的身影，再次出现，站在许小山的身边，向着白小纯诡异的笑，笑容越来越大，最终化作一张大口，眼看就要扑向白小纯。

Bai Xiaochun raised his head and gave Xu Xiaoshan a cold stare. He was just about to make his move when at that moment the space before him twisted, and the white clothed girl’s figure appeared once more, standing beside Xu Xiaoshan as she smiled crepily at Bai Xiaochun. The smile grew larger and larger until finally forming into a massive mouth, seemingly ready to pounce on Bai Xiaochn.

可就在这时，许小山突然尖叫起来，居然猛的退后，看向身边空旷的区域，目中露出恐惧与骇然，身体强烈的颤抖。

But at that moment, Xu Xiaoshan screamed suddenly, hastily backing away as he watched the open area around him, his eyes full of terror as his body shuddered violently.

“有神智的煞魂，天啊，这里怎么可能还存在有神智的煞魂，不是都被灭了么，该死的，你居然被这样的煞魂盯上，难怪你如此虚弱，这是被诅咒了啊，你死定了！”许小山倒吸口气，急速后退，退后时右手抬起，取出了一枚古玉。

“An evil spirit with consciousness, god, how can a conscious evil spirit still exist here, weren’t they all wiped out? Damn it, you just had to be targeted by this kind of an evil spirit, no wonder you’re so weak, you’ve been cursed! You’re so dead!” Xu Xiaoshan took a deep breath, quickly backing away as he raised his right hand, taking out an ancient jade.

这古玉上有一片褐色的区域，如同鲜血沁入，在取出的刹那，许小山明显松了口气，急速后退。

The ancient jade had a brown area on it, as if blood had seeped into there. Just as he took it out, Xu Xiaoshan obviously let out a breath of relief as he continued backing away.

下方的白小纯，此刻猛地睁大了眼，呼吸急促。

Below, Bai Xiaochun had his eyes wide open as he breathed heavily.

“你能看到她？！你手里是什么宝物！”他的世界里，他看到白衣小女孩原本在许小山察觉后，看了许小山一眼，可紧接着，随着许小山取出古玉，白衣小女孩居然神色一变，瞬间后退。

“You can see her? What is that in your hand!” In his world, he saw the white clothed girl look at Xu Xiaoshan when she first appeared, but her expression immediately changed when she Xu Xiaoshan took out his ancient jade, backing away quickly.

许小山根本就不回话，转身急速就要离开这里，还没等逃远，白小纯身体瞬间冲出，背后翅膀一扇，整个人轰的一声，直接出现在了许小山的面前，右手抬起，一拳轰去。

Xu Xiaoshan did not respond at all, turning to run to quickly run away. He didn’t get far before Bai Xiaochun’s body charged out instantly, his wings on his back flashing as his entire body hummed and appeared in front of Xu Xiaoshan instantly. Raising his right hand, he punched him.

“许小山，咱们商量一下，把这古玉，借我玩玩。”

“Xu Xiaoshan, let’s talk about it, that ancient jade of yours, let me play with it for a while.”

“我没抢你的就不错了，你还敢来抢我的，你都被诅咒了，离死不远，还敢和我动手！”许小山面色一变，掐诀时，四周浮现七八件法宝，骤然反击。

“You should be glad I didn’t take your stuff, now you wanna come take mine? You’re already cursed, and you’re not far from death, how dare you challenge me!” Xu Xiaoshan’s expression changed, and with a pinch of his fingers, the seven to eight types of magical items appeared and retaliated.

白小纯全身银光闪现，一拳落下，轰的一声直接与许小山的七八件法宝轰在了一起。

Bai Xiaochun’s entire body shined with silver light as he landed a punch. With a rumble, all of Xu Xiaoshan’s magical items and himself were all hit together.

巨响惊天动地，那七八件法宝，全部颤抖，咔咔声中一一崩溃，白小纯化作狂风，瞬间来临时，许小山触目惊心，神色狰狞的大手一甩，手腕上的珠子飞出，在前方赫然化作十八尊尸人，每一个都赫然堪比凝气十层大圆满，散发死气，扩散四周，齐齐出手。

The explosion shook the earth, and all the magical items shuddered and collapsed after making ka ka sounds. Bai Xiacohun turned into a violent gust, descending down instantly. Startled, Xu Xiaoshan made a savage expression as he swept with his hand, sending the pearls on his wrist flying out and turning into eighteen zombies, all of them at the tenth and peak level of qi condensation, emitting a deathly aura that spread far as they made their move together in unison.

这种操控尸体之法，白小纯还是首次遇到，他发现这些尸体身上，都长满灰毛，根处黑色，似向黑毛转化。

This corpse controlling method was something Bai Xiaochun had met for the firs ttime. He noticed that the corpses all had grey fur on them, black at the roots, as if the hairs were turning black.

一个个都极为不俗。

Each and every one of them were very strong.

轰鸣之下，白小纯背后的大铁锅崩溃，可他的身体，却没有损伤丝毫，反倒是双手挥舞时，一股惊人的驭力爆发，竟笼罩四周，操控那些尸人，使得他们身体一颤，竟无法继续动弹，只能发出咔咔之声。

In the rumbling, the metal pot on Bai Xiaochun’s back collapsed, but his body remained unscathed. Both Xu Xiaoshan’s hands, on the other hand, moved around with a shocking explosiveness of power, enveloping the surroundings as he controled the zombies, making them pause and stop moving, making only scratching sounds.

许小山嘶的一声，可双手却没有停顿，左手一挥，立刻九座青铜棺材飞出，立刻变大，向着白小纯压顶而去，右手一挥，一个葫芦出现，吐出三千砂砾，卷动四方，直奔白小纯。

Xu Xiaoshan roared, but his hands did not stop moving. With a sweep of his left hand, nine bronze coffins flew out, expaniding in size as it went for Bai Xiaochun from above. With a sweep of his right, a gourd appeared, spitting out three thousand pellets of gravel all around, charging at Bai Xiaochun.

而他头发一甩，发丝上挂着的几个铃铛，也脱离而去，形成了一道道虚影，冲杀白小纯。

With a sweep of his hair, the few bells that were on his hair left him as well, forming lines of shadows aimed directly at Bai Xiaochun.

更惊人的，是他猛的张开口，口中吐出一把血色扇子，这扇子挥舞时，方圆百丈，立刻血雾漫天，似形成了阵法，有咆哮之声从血雾内传出，化作无数利爪，从四周八方，卷着血雾，直奔白小纯。

What was even more shocking was his wide open mouth, where he spat out a blood colored fan. As the fan waved, blood covered the sky in a diameter of a thousand meters, forming a formation as a roar sounded out from the mist of blood. An uncountable amount of sharp claws formed, covered with blood mist as they charged for Bai Xiaochun.

“我许小山有的是法宝，炼尸，白小纯，你和我斗？！”许小山得意的大笑，一拍储物袋，立刻又飞出了二十多件，每一个都品质极好，还有一瓶丹药，被他一口全部吞下，耗费的灵气顿时弥补，若有第三个人在这里，必定被这一战骇然心惊。

“What I, Xu Xiaoshan, have is tons of magical treasures and refined corpses. Bai Xiaochun, you think you can take me on?!” Xu Xiaoshan laughed gleefully as he patted his storage bag, and twenty more items flew out, all of their quality supreme. He also drank a full bottle of elixir, replenishing all the qi he used. If there was a third person here, he’d be aghast with fear at this battle.

可就在这时，突然的，被大量法宝围攻的白小纯，身体外出现了一只仙鹤，化作盾牌环绕，身体上更有黑光一闪，覆盖全身。

But at that moment, suddenly, on Bai Xiaochun’s outer body, who was surrounded and attacked by a massive amount of magical treasures, a crane appeared, turning into a shield that circled him. His body also glowed with a black light that covered his entire body.

同时，他猛的一拍储物袋，手中顿时出现了数百张符箓，一把贴在身上，轰的一声，一层层的防护光幕齐齐爆发，眨眼间数百层光幕，厚度足有五十多丈，气势惊天。

At the same time, he patted his storage bag hard, and instantly hundreds of talismans, sticking them onto his body. With a rumble, layers after layers of protective light exploded out one after another, and in a blink, the hundreds of layers of light had become a thickness of five hundred meters, its aura shaking the sky.

“我白小纯身上有的是防护符箓，你那些区区法宝，敢和我斗？”白小纯傲然的声音传出时，四周的尸人直接就被掀开，三千砂砾无法进入太多，被卡在里面，还有不少更是弹飞，那九座青铜棺材，同样在落下时，根本无法破除，被生生阻挡在外。

“What I, Bai Xiaochun, have is tons of protective talismans, with those mere magical treasures of yours, you think you can take me on?” As Bai Xiaochun’s proud voice sounded out, the zombies around him were split open right after, and only a small amount of the gravel managed to enter, only to be trapped inside, many of them bouncing off the protection. Even the nine bronze coffins were unable to break it, blocked as they dropped, unable to go to Bai Xiaochun.

即便是许小山，也都眼珠子差点瞪出来，呆呆的看着这一幕，整个人都懵了，他与人打斗一向是依靠众多的法宝与炼尸，可这还是第一次遇到白小纯这种与自己不相上下之人。

Even if it was Xu Xiaoshan, his eyes bulged as he stared at the scene, stunned. All the fights he had been in he went into with an overwhelming number of zombies and magical treasures, but this was the first time he met someone who matched him like Bai Xiaochun.

虽不是法宝，可那数百张符箓的价值，让许小山触目惊心。

They weren’t magical treasures, but the hundreds of talismans’ worth shocked Xu Xiaoshan.

“资料里说这个白小纯很神秘强悍，可没说他这么有钱啊！！”许小山苦笑，他很清楚自己的可怕，也自然清楚与自己一样的人的可怕程度，尤其是那么多符箓，他都眼热，毕竟法宝需要灵力补充，而符箓则需要的极少，耗费的大都是符箓本身之力。

“The database said Bai Xiaochun was mysterious and formidable, but it didn’t say anything about how rich he is!” Xu Xiaoshan laughed bitterly. He understood his scary strength well, so he naturally understood when someone was as powerful as him. Especially with that many talismans, his eyes were burning. After all, magical treasures needed qi to operate, while talismans only needed a small amount, working mostly with their own power.

价值不菲，又有使用的时效限制，所以就算是许小山，也都觉得奢侈。

The price is not cheap, and there was also a time limit for its use. So even if it was Xu Xiaoshan, he found it luxurious.

此刻眨了眨眼，对于白小纯，他也挺服气的，觉得与自己挺像，心中甚至还有了一丝惺惺相惜之意，想了想后，直接将那古玉扔向白小纯。

At that moment, he blinked. Regarding Bai Xiaochun, he was impressed, feeling that he was quite similar to himself. His heart even developed a silk of sympathy for him. After a moment of thought, he tossed the stone jade to Bai Xiaochun.

“该死的，我许小山还没服过什么人，你白小纯算一号，这个你既然需要，给你不可能，借你玩玩没问题！”(未完待续。)

“Damn it, I, Xu Xiaoshan, haven’t acknowledged anyone before. You, Bai Xiaochun, will be the first one. You need this. I can’t give it to you, but it’s fine if you want to play wiith it for a while!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 - You“re Shameless! You“re the Shameless One!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

扔完古玉，许小山转身一晃，刹那远去，心中誓回到宗门后，一定去找自己的老爹多要些资源，以后出门时，先用符箓，再用法宝，这样出风头，才会嚣张。

After throwing out the ancient jade, Xu Xiaoshan turned around. He instantly ran into the distance. In his heart, he vowed to definitely ask his father for more resources after returning to the sect. In the future, if he left the sect, he would first use talismans before using treasures. He would only be arrogant if he stepped into the limelight like this.

他性子纨绔，宗门的观念没有多少，觉得顺眼就交朋友，不顺眼的话，就打一架，如白小纯这里，他就觉得勉强顺眼。

He had a silkpants-like temper, and he didn’t really care about the concept of a sect. If he felt that someone was pleasing to the eye, he would make friends with them. If not, he would beat them up. If it was someone like Bai Xiaochun, he would reluctantly judge them as someone pleasing to the eye.

当然若白小纯输了，他会毫不犹豫的夺走白小纯的地脉气引，此刻既然打不过，他的想法就是暗中坑一把。

Naturally, if Bai Xiaochun lost, he wouldn’t hesitate at all to take away Bai Xiaochun’s Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor. Currently, since he couldn’t beat Bai Xiaochun, his way of thinking would be to secretly strike at him.

还没等他走远，他的身后传来白小纯的声音。

Before waiting for him to leave, Bai Xiaochun’s voice echoed out from behind.

“等下，我白小纯不会占人便宜，你这宝贝借我，我也送你两样。”白小纯拿着古玉，顿时全身舒爽，之前的疲惫一扫而空，头脑也都清晰很多，仿佛之前是在水底，呼吸都不顺畅，而眼下一切恢复如常。

“Wait. I, Bai Xiaochun, will never take advantage of people. Since you’ve lent me this treasure, I’ll also give you two kinds of treasures.” Bai Xiaochun held the ancient jade, and his body immediately turned comfortable. His previous exhaustion was swept away, and his mind was also much clearer. It was as if he was previously underwater, where he was unable to breath. Currently, everything was as normal.

可他觉得这许小山给自己这古玉给的太随意了，白小纯琢磨着，或许有诈，于是一拍储物袋，立刻取出了两把炼灵两次的飞剑，暗中蹭了下最后一枚怪丹，沾染了一丝怪丹的气息后，扔了过去。

However, he felt that Xu Xiaoshan’s giving of the ancient jade was too casual. Bai Xiaochun pondered for a while. Perhaps, there was a con to be done. Thus, he patted his storage pouch and immediately took out two flying swords that had been spiritually refined twice. He secretly rubbed the last strange pill on them. After infecting the swords with a strand of the strange pill’s aura, he threw them over.

“不值钱的物件，你拿着玩吧。”

“This is something of little value, you can play with it.”

两把炼灵两次的飞剑，直奔许小山，许小山接过后看了一眼，立刻眼睛睁大，呆了一下。

After Xu Xiaoshan took the two flying swords that flew towards him, he looked over it. His eyes immediately widened as he became stunned for a moment.

“炼灵两次？就这么随手给我了？让我拿着玩……还一次给我两把！”许小山咽下一口唾沫，炼灵两次在他看去，虽不是什么无价，可在凝气修士中也不多见，最重要的是白小纯那随意的态度，仿佛扔寻常之物一样扔给自己，这立刻就让许小山对白小纯的财力，有了新的判断。

“Spiritually refined twice? You’re casually giving it to me? Letting me play with it...and you gave me two of them!” Xu Xiaoshan swallowed a mouthful of saliva. In his opinion, althought items that were spiritually refined twice weren’t priceless, they were still rarely seen by Qi Condensation cultivators. Most importantly, Bai Xiaochun’s casual attitude, as if he was throwing something common, immediately made Xu Xiaoshan have a new judgement towards Bai Xiaochun’s wealth.

更是觉得自己又学会了一招，这种随手扔出炼灵法宝，才是最好的出风头的方式，想到这里，他迟疑了一下，仔细的看了白小纯一眼，这一次他是真的觉得，白小纯很顺眼，于是长叹一声。

Even more so, he felt that he learned another technique. This kind of technique where he casually threw away spiritually refined treasures was the best method of showing off. Thinking of this, he hesitated for a bit. He carefully looked at Bai Xiaochun. This time, he truly felt that Bai Xiaochun was pleasing to the eye. Thus, he let out a long sigh.

“罢了罢了，白小纯，你既然如此对我，我许小山也不好去坑你了，这玉佩单独一块虽有些用处，可只短时间有效，过一炷香就会失效，更会起反作用。”许小山叹了口气，袖子一甩，又扔给白小纯一枚玉佩。

“Fine. Bai Xiaochun, since you’re treating me like this, then I, Xu Xiaoshan, won’t bother you. This jade has some uses by itself, but it’s only effective for a short time. After an incense stick’s worth of time, it’ll lose effect, and will actually cause the opposite effect to happen.” Xu XIaoshan sighed and tugged his sleeve, throwing another jade to Bai Xiaochun.

“两个一起用，才可以长久驱开煞魂的诅咒。”

“Only if you use these two jades together, can you expel the curses of the Fiendish Soul for a long time.

白小纯接过第二枚玉佩，听到许小山的话语，他眯着眼，心里觉得这许小山实在太阴损了，眼看对方转身要走，他心里多少也觉得对方总算还是个好人，于是一咬牙，喊了许小山一声。

Bai Xiaochun received the second jade. After hearing Xu XIaoshan’s words, he narrowed his eyes. He felt that this Xu XIaoshan truly had too many schemes. Looking at him walk away, he felt that Xu Xiaoshan was a good guy on the whole. Thus, he clenched his teeth and shouted at Xu XIaoshan.

“等下，许小山，罢了罢了，你既如此对我，我白小纯也不好坑你，你把那两把飞剑给我，我给你换两把。”

“Wait, Xu Xiaoshan. Fine, since you’ve treated me like this, I won’t bother you. Give me back those two flying swords, and I’ll exchange them for two other swords.”

许小山脚步一顿，猛的瞪大了眼，立刻取出那两把飞剑，仔细的看了看后，没看出不对劲的地方，可却没敢继续拿着，赶紧扔给白小纯。

Xu Xiaoshan’s footsteps paused as he suddenly widened his eyes. He immediately took out those two flying swords. After he carefully looked over them, he couldn’t see anything wrong with them. However, he didn’t dare to continue holding them, and hurriedly threw them to Bai Xiaochun.

白小纯干咳一声，接过飞剑，换了两把给了许小山。

Bai Xiaochun let out a dry cough and received the flying swords. He gave another two to Xu Xiaoshan.

许小山面色古怪，望着白小纯，他虽不知道那两把飞剑有什么问题，但能想象得出，若是白小纯没告诉自己，自己的下场一定很惨……

Xu Xiaoshan had a strange expression as he looked at Bai Xiaochun. Although he didn’t know what problems those swords had, he could imagine what would happen. If Bai Xiaochun didn’t tell him about it, his end would definitely be very miserable...

白小纯眨了眨眼，与许小山目光对望。

Bai Xiaochun blinked his eyes and met Xu Xiaoshan’s gaze.

半晌之后，许小山长叹一声，看向白小纯时，他的目中露出强烈的光芒，他最早对白小纯是假装顺眼，随后是真的顺眼，此刻是……非常顺眼。

After a long time, Xu Xiaoshan let out a long sigh. When he looked at Bai Xiaohcun, his eyes let out a strong light. At first, he pretended that Bai Xiaochun was pleasing to the eye. After that, he truly thought that he was pleasing to the eye. Currently, he was...extremely pleasing to the eye.

“能遇到一个脾性相投的家伙，不容易，白小纯，罢了罢了，那两个玉佩实际上还需要一段口诀才可以真正引动，否则的话，会形成光柱，虽可以避开煞魂，但却会长久不散，封印自身修为至少一个月以上，这一个月，你什么都做不了。”许小山苦笑，取出一枚玉简，扔给了白小纯。

“It isn’t easy for me to meet a guy that has a temper like me. Bai Xiaochun, it’s fine. Those two jades actually require a mnemonic chant before truly using it. If not, although it will still repel Fiendish Souls, it won’t dissipate until a long time later, which will seal your cultivation for at least a month. During this month, you won’t be able to do anything.” Xu Xiaoshan bitterly laughed and took out a jade strip, throwing it to Bai Xiaochun.

“你太损了！！”白小纯倒吸口气，这要是他在筑基前使用玉佩，被自我封印，将会耗费时间，怕是一个月后就算封印解开，也失去了筑基的时机。

“You’re too mean!!” Bai Xiaochun took a deep breath. If he were to use the jade slip before his Foundation Establishment, and got his cultivation sealed, it would waste his time. Perhaps, he might have also lost the opportunity for Foundation Establishment after the seal was broken.

“你也一样！不过我是血溪宗，你是灵溪宗，我们原本就是对立的。”许小山干咳一声，这一次他是真的没有半点隐藏了，这对他来说，是很少见的，同样的，遇到白小纯这样的人，也是他这一辈子的头一遭。

“You’re also the same! However, I’m of the Blood Creek Sect, and you’re of the Spirit Creek Sect. We are opposed to each other in the first place.” Xu Xiaoshan let out a dry cough. This time, he truly didn’t conceal anything more. To him, this was something that was rarely seen. Likewise, meeting a person like Bai Xiaochun was also the first time in his life.

“算了，你既如此真诚对我，我白小纯也不能再坑你了，你方才对付我的时候，用的所有法宝，记得在这里都别再用了，上面都被我做了手脚，沾染了一些药香，可以吸引煞魂来临，衣服也最好换一套。”白小纯也觉得不好意思，低头提醒了一句。

“Forget about it. Since you’ve sincerely treated me, I, Bai Xiaochun, can’t bother you anymore. Don’t use any of the treasures that you had used when you were fighting with me just now. I’ve used some tricks on them and have contaminated them with some medicinal aroma. That aroma can attract Fiendish Souls. It’s best if you could switch your clothes too.” Bai Xiaochun also felt bad and he lowered his head to give a reminder.

“你你！！无耻！”许小山睁大了眼，赶紧检查储物袋与衣服，半晌后他望着白小纯，咬牙开口。

“You, You!! Shameless!” Xu Xiaoshan widened his eyes and hurriedly checked his storage pouch and his clothes. After a while, he looked at Bai Xiaochun and spoke with clenched teeth.

“你也一样！”白小纯抬头瞪眼回道。

“You’re also the same!” Bai Xiaochun raised his head with wide eyes to retort.

二人目光对望，很快彼此都笑了起来，许小山笑着笑着，认真的看向白小纯。

The gazes of the two people met. Quickly, they started laughing. Xu XIaoshan laughed as he seriously looked towards Bai Xiaochun.

“希望以后还可以相见。”他说完，转身一晃，急远去。

“I hope that we can meet in the future.” When he finished speaking, he turned around and rapidly left.

远处，许小山一边飞奔，一边换了衣服，心有余悸，他觉得白小纯的阴损，与自己有的一比，这样的人，以后接触时要时刻留意。

In the distance, Xu Xiaoshan was running while changing his clothes. There was still a lingering fear in his heart. He felt that Bai Xiaochun’s schemes were comparable to his own. In the future, he had to be careful when meeting this kind of person.

白小纯也感慨，觉得许小山虽是血溪宗的弟子，但却是个可以交的朋友。

Bai Xiaochun was also moved. He felt that, although Xu Xiaoshan was a disciple of the Blood Creek Sect, he was still a friend that could be made.

“不过此人太狡猾，没有我白小纯实在，以后和他接触，要留意一点，唉，我做人就是太实在了。”白小纯摇头，小袖一甩，转身疾驰。

“However, this person is too crafty. 没有我白小纯实在I have to be careful while meeting him in the future. Aih, my behaviour is truly too honest.” Bai Xiaochun shook his head and tugged his sleeve as he turned around to run.

将那两枚玉佩仔细的检查后，按照玉简的口诀，白小纯催了玉佩之力，他的四周立刻形成了一片模糊的光幕。

After carefully checking those two jades, he followed the mnemonic chant of the jade slip. Bai Xiaochun activated the power of the jade, and a fuzzy light screen immediately formed in his surroundings.

这光幕一闪，渐渐消失，肉眼看不到，神识也无法察觉，可在煞魂的眼中，白小纯的四周这层防护，如同禁地。

This light screen flickered and gradually disappeared. You couldn’t see it with the naked eye, and divine sense wasn’t able to notice it either. However, in the eyes of Fiendish Souls, this layer of defense surrounding Bai Xiaochun was sealing him.

三个时辰后，白衣小女孩出现了数次，但每一次都在靠近白小纯时，被立刻弹开，渐渐神色扭曲，出凄厉之音，可却依旧对白小纯无效。

After six hours, the small girl with the white shirt had appeared several times. However, every time she approached Bai Xiaochun, she immediately shot away. Her expression gradually got twisted, and she let out a miserable wail. However, she was still useless against Bai Xiaochun.

这才不甘心的消散在了虚无中，白小纯终于松了口气，知道玉佩有效，立刻选择了一处偏僻的区域，选择了一处湖泊，沉入进去，在湖底挖了一个洞府，盘膝坐下。

Only now did she unwillingly dissipate within the nothingness. Bai Xiaochun finally relaxed. After knowing that the jade was effective, he immediately chose a remote area and sank into a lake within that area. Within that lake, he dug out a cave and sat cross legged there.

再次确定了玉佩之力可以驱散煞魂后，白小纯双眼一闪，取出了地脉气引。

After confirming that the power of the jade could disperse Fiendish Souls, Bai Xiaochun’s eyes flashed and he took out the Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor.

“地脉筑基……虽晚了几天，可我依旧还是第一个！”白小纯眼中露出期待，一把握住地脉气引凝聚出的灰色晶石，体内凝气十层大圆满的灵力，轰然爆，游走一个周天后，如万马奔腾，直奔手中灰色晶石而去。

“Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment...although I’m late by a few days, I’m still the first!” Anxiety appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyes. He held the grey crystal rock that the Earthen Pulse Qi Attractor condensed, and the spirit force of the full circle of the tenth layer of the Qi Condensation stage loudly exploded out. After wandering about for a day, it resembled like ten thousand horses that rushed towards the grey crystal stone in his hand.

这晶石如同一个无底洞，白小纯的灵力涌入进去，顿时就被吸收，随着吸收，这晶石散出灰色的光芒，越来越明亮，到了最后，更是传出轰隆隆的巨响。

The crystal stone was like a bottomless hole. Bai Xiaochun’s spirit force rushed inside it, and it was immediately absorbed. Following the absorption of spirit force, the crystal rock let out a grey light that got brighter and brighter. At the end, it let out loud rumbles.

在这声响中，晶石如被燃烧，化作了丝丝灰气，顺着白小纯的七窍钻入进去，也就是三十多息的时间，晶石震动，彻底消失后，大量的灰气爆，全部钻入白小纯的体内。

While the sound was released, the crystal stone seemed to have been burnt. It turned into strands of grey qi that entered Bai Xiaochun’s seven apertures. After thirty or so breath’s worth of time, the crystal stone shook and thoroughly disappeared. After that, a large amount of grey qi entered Bai Xiaochun’s body.

白小纯目中浮现赤色，灰气入体，融进经脉，游走全身时，一种撕裂感扩散开来，那种剧痛，仿佛这灰气化作了实质，成为了铁链，在身体血肉内摩擦。

A scarlet colour appeared in Bai Xiaochun’s eyess. The grey qi entered his body and merged with his Jing and Mai. When it travelled through his body, a kind of tearing feeling spread out. That kind of pain was as if the grey qi had turned into a substance. It was as if it had become iron chains that rubbed against his body.

这痛楚让他颤抖，可与修行不死长生功比较，明显弱了好多，白小纯哼都不哼一声，咬牙坚持，当最后一丝灰气钻入体内后，他身体内的灰气终于尾相连，化作了一个圆圈。

This pain made him tremble. However, it was clearly much weaker that cultivating the Undying Longevity Technique. Bai Xiaochun groaned while not groaning, and persevered while clenching his teeth. When the last strand of grey qi entered his body, the two ends of grey qi in his body finally connected, forming a circle.

在这圆圈形成的瞬间，白小纯脑海顿时轰鸣滔天，撼魂震魄。

In the instant that the circle formed, rumbles immediately filled Bai Xiaochun’s mind as his soul trembled.

他全身修为形成的灵河，顿时沸腾，从身体的各个位置爆，全部游走，看似一片散乱，可实际上，仔细去看，可以看出这些灵力，正欲形成一个漩涡。

The spiritual river that he had formed with his entire cultivation immediately boiled. It exploded out from every part of his body. The entire river moved about, and it looked chaotic. However, if you carefully looked at it, you could see that his spirit force was currently desiring to form a whirlpool.

这漩涡，就是潮汐！

This whirlpool was his Tide!

也是地脉筑基的关键所在！

It was also the key to the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment!

灵力成漩，凝聚潮汐，化气为液，筑地脉道基，斩断凡俗！

Spirit force would form a whirlpool, and would condense into Tides. It would turn Qi into a liquid, and the Dao Foundation of the Earthen Pulse would be established, severing mortality!

“潮汐！”白小纯猛的抬头，全身青筋鼓起，颤抖中出一声沙哑的嘶吼。

“Tide!” Bai Xiaochun suddenly raised his head, and veins appeared all over his body. While he trembled, he let out a hoarse yell.

轰轰轰！

Bang bang bang!

在这嘶吼下，他体内的漩涡猛的加，在这加中，如形成了一个黑洞，瞬间就将白小纯体内所有的地脉之气都吸来，而这些不足千中之一。

Under his roars, the whirlpool within his body ferociously sped up. While it sped up, it seemed to have formed a black hole. Instantly, it absorbed all of the Earthen Pulse Qi within Bai Xiaochun’s body, and this wasn’t even a thousandth of what was needed.

虽然如此，可只要这漩涡形成，就如同是有了去吸收这陨剑世界内，积累一甲子岁月而成的磅礴的地脉之气的资格！

Although it was like this, as long as the whirlpool formed, it would be the same as obtaining the qualifications to absorb the boundless Earthen Pulse Qi within the Meteoric Sword World that was accummulated over sixty years!

刹那间，这吸力穿透白小纯的身体，笼罩整个洞府，使得洞府内的岩壁上，出现了一丝丝地脉之气，直奔白小纯而来。

In an instant, this absorbing force passed through Bai Xiaochun’s body, enveloping the entire cave, causing strands of Earthen Pulse Qi to appear on the rock walls of the cave that rushed towards Bai Xiaochun.

这吸力还在扩散，很快的，整个湖泊都沸腾起来，大量的地脉之气，滚滚凝聚，而这吸力还在扩大，不断地散开时，整个陨剑世界的苍穹，立刻翻滚，无数的地脉之气幻化出来，向着白小纯所在的地方，风云涌动！

This absorbing force was still spreading out, and quickly, the entire lake started to boil. A large amount of Earthen Pulse Qi rolled and gathered. While the absorbing force was increased and continuously spread out, the heavens of the entire Meteoric Sword World immediately rolled. Countless amounts of Earthen Pulse Qi appeared and surged towards the area that Bai Xiaochun was at!

这一刻，所有陨剑世界内的四宗弟子，全部都抬起头，一个个神色骇然，有的吃惊，有的震撼，有的复杂，有的无法置信。

At this moment, all of the disciples of the four sects that were within the Meteoric Sword World raised their heads. Their expressions were filled with shock. Some of them were startled, and some of them were stunned. Some of them had complicated expressions, and some of them had disbelief.

“潮汐，天啊，这是地脉筑基的潮汐！！”

“Tides! Heavens, this is the Tide of the Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment!”

“是谁，这才一个月多几天，居然就凝聚了气引，开始地脉筑基！”

“Who is it! It’s only been a month and a few days! He’s actually managed to condense the Qi Attractor and started his Earthen Pulse Foundation Establishment!”

“是宋缺？鬼牙？九岛？还是方林！！”

“Is it Song Que? Gui Ya? Jiu Dao? Or Fang Lin!!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 - Breaking the First Shackle of Life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 155 - Breaking the First Shackle of Life - xin

第四道龙卷风下，是一片平原，此刻平原上有一座大阵，散出璀璨之光，防护四方的同时，在这阵法中，盘膝坐着一个凝气弟子。

Under the fourth gust of tornado was a plateau. At this moment, on this plateau was a formation array that was glowing resplendently, protecting its surroundings. At the same time, a Qi Condensation disciple sat within the formation array.

此人穿着玄溪宗的长袍，是个青年，样子冷峻，吐纳时全身上下有大量符文游走，这些符文每一个都蕴含着毁灭之力，此刻凝聚连接在了一起，如同化作了链条，急速环绕。

This person wore a Mystic Creek Sect’s robe; it was a teenager - with cold and aloof features, everytime he took a breath, a huge number of runes will swim up and down his entire body. Every single one of those runes contained a destructive force; and at this moment, each rune connected together to form a chain that rapidly spiralled around the youth.

更是在这青年四周，虚无扭曲，有阵阵灭绝之力散开，那是……泯灭绝生功的表现！

The space around the teenager immediately distorted as a destructive force pulsated from him, that was…...the distinguishing mark of the Existence Devoid Techinique!

这青年，正是玄溪宗第一天骄，三千年来，玄溪宗第一个修成了泯灭绝生功的九岛，这泯灭之威，可灭绝一切生命，所过之处，一切消散，更可凝聚泯灭之纹，甚至在资料里有记录，他曾与凡道筑基一战，居然不相上下。

This teenager was the number one Heaven’s Chosen of the Mystic Creek Sect. For three thousand years, he was, Jiu Dao, Mystic Creek Sect’s first person to have mastered the Existence Devoid Technique; this power of devoid could cease all forms of life, causing everything to vanish. He could even form the Tattoo of Devoid, and the information in his profile even recorded that he once fought with a Foundation Establishment Cultivator to a draw.

“鬼牙，之前一战，不分胜负，等我筑基后，再与你一战，定要将你这灵溪宗第一天骄，彻底击杀！”九岛眼中杀意一闪，深吸口气，双手掐诀猛的一挥，立刻他体内漩涡形成的吸力，凝聚的龙卷风，与苍穹连接，使得天空上，出现了一个巨大的漩涡。

“Gui Ya, a victor has not yet been determined from our previous match. After I have reached Foundation Establishment, I shall fight you once more. The number one Heaven’s Chosen of Spirit Creek Sect, I will definitely annihilate you!” Killing intent flashed across the eyes of Jiu Dao as he took in a deep breath. With the gesturing of his hands, the whirlpool in his body instantly condensed into a tornado and connected with the sky above, causing an even bigger whirlpool to form in the sky.

轰轰转动时，大量的地脉之气，骤然涌来。

As it spun in the sky, large amounts of Earth Pulse Qi rushed rapidly towards the whirlpool.

这一刻，苍穹四大漩涡，在四个不同的方向，各领风骚，平分陨剑世界。

At this moment, the four whirlpools in the sky were at four different directions, each seemingly having taken their positions and divided the Meteoric Sword World equally between them.

陨剑世界的其他四宗弟子，一个个更为焦急，眼看已有四人处于筑基之中，眼看这片世界的地脉之气正不断的减少，他们知道地脉之气有数，知道自己若再不抓紧时间，将会筑基无望，只能成为绿叶，去衬托别人。

The other disciples of the four sects in the Meteoric Sword World all became more anxious. Seeing that four people have already sarted their Foundation Establishment process and that this world’s Earth Pulse Qi were continuously getting lesser; they knew that the amount of Earth Pulse Qi was limited, and if they did not start to hurry up, there would no longer be any chance to become a Foundation Establishment cultivator - they could only become like green leaves on a tree and depend on other people.

杀戮更为凶残，一时之间，整个陨剑世界，死亡更多。

The killing got more intense, and in no time, in the entire Meteoric Sword World, the number of deaths increased.

很快的，在这所有人都发狂红眼时，白小纯所在的湖泊，似要炸开，传出巨响惊天的瞬间，他的第三轮潮汐结束。

All of a sudden, just when everyone had their eyes red from the madness, the lake where Bai Xiaochun was at, sent out a loud earth-shattering boom as if it had just exploded. At that instant, Bai Xiaochun’s third tide had ended.

苍穹上，那条巨龙咆哮，湖泊内，白小纯体内的第二层灵海上方，赫然出现了第三层更为庞大的灵海。

In the sky, that giant dragon roared loudly. Within the lake, inside Bai Xiaochun’s body, above the second layer of his spirit sea, a third and even bigger spirit sea suddenly appeared.

“龙力结束，现在是象力！”白小纯呼吸急促，眼中赤红，低吼一声，他身体外赫然幻化出了一尊巨象，与他的身体重叠，向着大地狠狠一踏。

“This is the end of Dragon strength, now it’s time for the Elephant strength!” Bai Xiaochun’s breath hastened as his eyes turned red. With a deep growl, a giant elephant seemingly materialised outside his body. The elephant image overlapped with Bai Xiaochun’s body and stomped ferociously upon the ground.

轰！

Hong!

白小纯体内的第四个漩涡，蓦然出现，比之前三层漩涡更惊人，与此同时，苍穹上，在之前三层漩涡平静后，在这三层漩涡上方，赫然出现了第四层庞大的漩涡！

Instantly, the fourth whirlpool appeared within Bai Xiaochun’s body; it was more shocking than the previous three layers of whirlpool. At the same time, in the sky, after the calmness of the previous three whirlpools, an even bigger fourth layer of whirlpool appeared above these three layers!

这漩涡内，巨象之影清晰无比，似在咆哮，引动漩涡急速转动。

Within the whirlpool, the shadow of a huge elephant could be clearly seen, as if it was roaring loudly, causing the entire whirlpool to spin rapidly.

一个时辰后，方林紧随其后，他的第四层潮汐漩涡，也骤然出现，而宋缺与九岛，此刻第三轮潮汐快要结束，在又过去了一个时辰后，一样凝聚出了第四轮潮汐！

Two hours later, Fang Lin followed closely and his fourth tide whirlpool also appeared. As for Song Que and Jiu Dao, their third tide were also close to finishing at this instant. After another two hours, both of them also condensed their fourth tide!

尤其是宋缺，更是惊艳绝伦，第四轮潮汐内，那巨大的面孔眉心上，出现了一个血月之影，吸收的速度远超其他几人，格外明显。

Especially for Song Que, his whirlpool was extremely shocking, within the fourth tide, a blood moon shadow appeared on the forehead center of that huge face, causing an obvious increase in suction speed that exceeded that rest.

“这宋缺，他才四轮潮汐，居然就达到了这么恐怖的吸力！”

“This Song Que, he is only at the fourth tide, but he has already reached such a terrifying suction force!”

“该死的，莫非他真的是要效仿无极子，要去地脉巅峰，九次潮汐！”

“Goddamit, don’t tell me he really wants to imitate the Boundless One and go for the peak of Earth Pulse and nine tides!”

“不好，一旦出现了八次潮汐者，那么吸收地脉之气庞大，会让其他人更难成功，必须要快些凝聚地脉气引啊！”

“This is bad, once an eighth tide cultivator appears, then the amount of Earth Pulse Qi sucked away will be too great, making it hard for anyone else to succeed. We must quickly condense the Earth Pulse Qi!”

就在这所有人无比焦急时，突然的，在白小纯从开始筑基直至现在，一共十个时辰后，苍穹中……出现了第五道龙卷风！

Just when everyone was fraught with anxiety, all of the sudden, from the moment Bai Xiaochun started his Foundation Establishment until now - a total of twenty hours - in the sky…...a fifth tornado appeared!

轰轰轰！

Hong hong hong!

这第五道龙卷风在与苍穹碰触的瞬间，扩散开来，形成了漩涡，漩涡下，有一片浓密的黑雾，雾气内，正是鬼牙。

In the instant where the fifth tornado made contact with the sky, it expanded and formed a whirlpool. Under a whirlpool, a dense black mist formed, and within the mist, was Gui Ya.

五个漩涡在苍穹旋转，让所有人仰望，时间流逝，鬼牙的身份，在不久后，在第一轮与第二轮潮汐都结束后，当天空上第三轮潮汐内，出现了一尊巨大的山鬼时，立刻被人认出。

Five whirlpools spun in the sky, causing everyone else to look up to it. As time passed, Gui Ya’s identity was recognised not long after the first and second tide ended - when the third tide had appeared in the sky and a huge mountain ghost had appeared within it.

“鬼牙！灵溪宗鬼牙！”

“Gui Ya! Spirit Creek Sect’s Gui Ya!”

“他修行的是山鬼乱神法！”

“He is cultivating the Mountain Ghost Divine Confusion Technique”

“白小纯，方林，宋缺，九岛，鬼牙！”

“Bai Xiaochun, Fang Lin, Song Que, Jiu Dao, Gui Ya!”

至此，四宗众修，五大巨擘，分庭抗立！他们，都可以算是第一批筑基者！

From here on, the cultivators of the four sects, the five great pillars, everyone had to take a side! Those five could be considered the first batch of Foundation Establishment cultivators.

白小纯最快，第四轮潮汐已进行小半，方林其次，第四轮潮汐比白小纯慢了一个时辰，宋缺与九岛再次，比白小纯慢了两个时辰。

Bai Xiaochun was the fastest, the fourth tide had already progressed halfway, followed by Fang Lin, whose fourth tide was slower by two hours, followed by Song Que and Jiu Dao, who were slower than Bai Xiaochun by four hours.

最后则是鬼牙，慢了十个时辰！

At the last was Gui Ya, who was slower by twenty hours!

此刻的白小纯，体内第四层漩涡不断转动，吸收大量地脉之气，巨象之力全面爆发，推动他的肉身，不断地冲击……生命五大桎梏中的第一层桎梏。

At this moment, the fourth layer of whirlpool in Bai Xiaochun’s body continuously spun, sucking in large amounts of Earth Pulse Qi. The strength of the huge elephant was unleashed to the fullest extent and constantly pushed his physical body to its limits, constantly impacting against…….the first shackle of the Five greatest Shackles of Life.

每一次轰击，都会让他的身体颤抖，原本别人修行这龙象化海经，到了极致就是触摸桎梏，可白小纯这里，因不死长生功的存在，使得他之前就到了碰触桎梏的程度，如此一来，眼下的冲击，就是去……突破！

After every impact, his entire body would tremble. Originally, when other people had cultivated this Dragon Elephant Ocean Transforming Scripture to the extreme, they would be able to feel the shackle. But for Bai Xiaochun, because of his Undying Longevity Techinique, he was able to touch the shackle long ago. As such, the impact he was experiencing right now, was to…...break through!

突破第一层桎梏！

Break through the first layer of shackles!

“借助大成的象力，借助地脉之气，在这第四轮潮汐中，突破生命第一层桎梏！”白小纯眼睛赤红，低吼一声，再次冲击。

“Borrowing the strength of the elephant, borrowing the Earth Pulse Qi, at this fourth tide, I shall break through the first shackle of Life!” Bai Xiaochun’s eyes were blood red; with a deep growl, he once again impacted against the shackle.

他脑海中回荡天雷之音，一次比一次更强的冲击，使得他全身如要碎裂，可还是坚持，直至过去了数个时辰，当这第四轮潮汐所需的时间，只剩下最后四个时辰时，白小纯体内引来的潮汐之力，冲击更为狂暴。

Roars of lightning and thunder crashed and echoed throughout his consciousness, the impact got stronger and stronger each time, causing his entire body to feel as if it was going to break any time. But Bai Xiaochun still persevered, until countless of hours later, when the amount of time required for the fourth tide was only left with eight hours, the power of the tide within Bai Xiaochun’s body impacted even more violently.

轰轰轰。

Hong hong hong.

他的嘴角溢出鲜血，他的身体出现了裂缝，生命第一层桎梏的冲击，比白小纯想象中艰难太多，哪怕他如今是借助这磅礴的地脉之气化作的潮汐，也依旧尝试了千百次，还是无法突破。

Fresh blood seeped out from the corners of his mouth, as cracks appeared throughout his body. The impact against the first shackle of Life was harder than Bai Xiaochun had expected; even though he was already borrowing the abundant Earth Pulse Qi to transform into tides, and tried a hundred and thousand times, he was still unable to make the break through.

这种借助地脉之气去突破生命第一层桎梏的机缘，是万载难逢的事情，毕竟在这之前，没有人如白小纯这样，早早的就触摸到了桎梏。

This kind of opportunity to borrow the Earth Pulse Qi to break through the first shackle of Life only came once in a lifetime. After all, before this, no one had touched the shackle of life at such an early stage like Bai Xiaochun.

“一定可以突破！”白小纯咬牙，猛的一吸，立刻吸来更多的地脉之气，没有继续冲击，而是不断蓄势。

“I can definitely break through!” Bai Xiaochun gritted his teeth, and with a deep breath, he immediately sucked in even more Earth Pulse Qi; he didn’t continue to try for the impact, but continuously accumulated his Qi.

这种蓄势，直至积累了整四个时辰后，在这第四轮潮汐即将结束的刹那，白小纯眼中露出闪电般的精芒。

This accumulation lasted for an entire eight hours. Just when the fourth tide was about to end, a glint of light flashed within Bai Xiaochun’s eyes.

“给我破！”他大吼一声，体内积累四个时辰形成的恐怖潮汐，在体内直接爆开，轰鸣八方，扩散全身的瞬间，仿佛化作了一根巨木，而他的身体，则成为了壁障，这巨木正轰击壁障。

“Break for me!!” He roared loudly, the terrifying tide that had accumulated for eight hours exploded within his body, sending shockwaves throughout the surroundings. As the tide spread out throughout his body, it’s force had seemingly transformed into a block of giant wood, and his body, had become a wall; and this giant wood was now currently hitting against the wall.

一次，两次，三次……短短的时间，这一次又一次的轰击，使得壁障出现了碎裂，当最后一次，蕴含了所有第四轮潮汐之力的轰击落下时，壁障终于颤抖，咔咔声下，似要碎裂。

Once, twice, thrice…...in the span of a few moments, the impact happened one after another, causing cracks to appear on the wall. Upon the very last impact, containing all the power of the fourth tide, the wall finally trembled, and with cracking sounds, it seemed as if it was going to crumble.

也正是在这个时候，白小纯全身一颤，他有种强烈的感觉，他感受到了自己的身上，似乎存在了五座大山！

It was also at this time, when Bai Xiaochun’s entire body trembled, he had a strong feeling, a feeling that weighed upon his body, as if there were five great mountains sitting on top of him!

这五座山，根在身体内，出现在身体上，压的让人似喘不过气，可偏偏平时根本就无法感受，唯独在这一刻，极为清晰。

These five mountains have its roots within the body, as it appeared on top of Bai Xiaochun’s body, its pressuring presence made him breathless. One would normally not be able to experience such a feeling, it was only at this moment when it was crystal clear.

他有种强烈的冲动，想要轰开了五座山，想要让身体不再被压制！

Bai Xiaochun had a strong urge to blast away the five mountains, to let his body not be pressured no longer!

“这五座山，就是生命的五大桎梏！”白小纯仰天一吼，体内轰鸣之声惊天动地时，第一座山于体内的根，形成的桎梏，在这一刻，在这狂暴的潮汐之力下，骤然……崩溃！

“These five mountains must be the five great shackles of Life!” With a shout towards the sky, a loud crash resounded from within Bai Xiaochun’s body. The first mountain’s root within the body that formed that shackle, at this moment, under the violent power of the tide, suddenly…... crumbled!

崩溃的刹那，白小纯喷出鲜血，身体内所有经脉，所有血肉，全部在这一瞬好似要粉碎，又被重新凝聚。

In the instant when it crumbled, Bai Xiaochun spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. All the veins and flesh in this body had seeming exploded into pieces at this moment and formed back once more.

随着崩溃，他身体颤抖，一股超凡脱俗的气息，从他的血肉内滋生出来，涌入全身，那种感觉，仿佛这个世界在这一刻，变的不一样了。

Following the crumble, his entire body trembled as an aura of transcendence seeped out from his flesh and infused into his entire body. That feeling was as if his entire world, at that very moment, had changed completely.

似乎多出了一些颜色，似乎多出了一些神采，而最重要的感受，是他一下子觉得……身体似乎轻松了。

IT was as if there was more colour, more life, and more importantly, he felt instantly…...that his body was lighter.

仿佛原本身上背着五座看不见的大山，可在这一瞬，其中一座山……四分五裂的崩溃。

As if of the five great invisible mountains that he was carrying on his back, one of them had at this instant…...disintegrated.

生命第一层桎梏，骤然，突破！

The first shackle of Life, break through!

更是在突破的这一瞬，白小纯的肉身之力，疯狂的暴增起来，超越了凝气修士能具备的肉身极限，直接攀升到了肉身筑基的程度！

At the instant of the break through, Bai Xiaochun’s physical strength had increased explosively, exceeding the limits that a Qi Condensation cultivator could have and immediately reaching to that of an Foundation Establishment cultivator.

所有血肉，所有经脉，所有骨骼，全部都在这一刻，非凡。

All of his muscles, veins and bones, all of them at this moment, were extraordinary.

白小纯仰天长啸，啸声传出的瞬间，湖泊轰鸣，苍穹上属于他的第四层漩涡，缓缓静止，而第五层漩涡，却顺势而出！

Bai Xiaochun roared triumphantly into the air, the moment the sound left his lips, a loud boom came from the lake. In the sky, the fourth layer of whirlpool that belonged to him slowly came to a stop, as the fifth whirlpool appeared without hesitation.

这第五层漩涡内，赫然出现了一座崩溃的山！

Within the fifth layer of the whirlppol, was a scene of a crumbling mountain!

这第五次潮汐，不是龙象化海经引动，这座山，也不是龙象化海经功法形成，这是……白小纯在突破了生命第一层桎梏后，自然引发的，第五次潮汐！

The fifth tide was not brought forth by the Dragon Elephant Ocean Transforming Scripture, this mountain, was also not formed by the Dragon Elephant Ocean Transforming Scripture, this was…...after Bai Xiaochun had broken through the first shackle of Life, and naturally brought forth, the fifth tide!

与此同时，方林，宋缺，九岛，他们的第四轮潮汐，也到了尾声，也正是在这时候，鬼牙终于完成了前三轮潮汐，刚刚开启第四轮潮汐。

At the same time, Fang Lin, Song Que, Jiu Dao, their fourth tide were also close to its end. Similarly, Gui Ya had completed his third tide at this moment and just started on his fourth.

就在这时，陨剑世界内的四宗弟子，在这十多个时辰的杀戮与掠夺中，终于再次出现了新的凝聚地脉气引之修，成为了第二批。

Right at this moment, the disciples of the four sect in the Meteoric Sword World, after this twenty over hours of killing and fighting, a new group of cultivators had started condensing their Earth Pulse Qi, forming the second batch.

第二批的第一人，正是上官天佑，他形成了属于他的漩涡，几乎同一时间，许小山的漩涡，一样出现在了苍穹中。

The first person of the second batch was Shangguan Tianyou, he formed a whirlpool belonging to him; at the same time, Xu Xiaoshan’s whirlpool also appeared in the sky.

随后之人，竟是……北寒烈！

Following this two, it was…...Bei Hanlie!

这被誉为此次天骄中的黑马的北寒烈，竟紧随上官天佑与许小山之后，形成了属于他的地脉漩涡，于苍穹中转动。

Bei Hanlie, who was labelled as the dark horse this time, had actually formed his own Earth Pulse whirlpool following Shangguan Tianyou and Xu Xiaoshan, and it spun along in the sky alongside those two.

最后出现的……是丹溪宗的赵柔！

The last to appear was…...Pill Creek Sect’s Zhao Rou!

她盘膝坐在一处山谷内，她的前方，赫然是七窍流血，面目全非，没有丝毫生机的公孙婉儿。

She said within a valley, and in front of her, was a bloody, disfigured Gongsun Wan-er with no trace of life left in her.

公孙婉儿已死，可她的尸体竟能动弹，虽僵硬，可却有阵阵毒雾从她体内散出，可以看到无数的毒虫蜈蚣，顺着她的七窍钻来钻去，而若有强者在这里，可以一眼看出，公孙婉儿的脑已空，里面赫然有一个人面蜘蛛，操控公孙婉儿的尸体！

Gongsun Wan-er had died, but her corpse was still able to move. Although it was stiff, but plumes of piosonous mist billowed out from her body. And one could see countless of pionousness bugs and centipedes were crawling in and out of her orfices. But if any expert were here, they would be able to tell with one look that Gongsun Wan’er’s head was already empty, in it was actually a human-faced spider that was controlling her corpse!

使得公孙婉儿，成为了一个毒人傀儡！

In other words, Gongsun Wan-er had become a piosonous puppet!

“公孙婉儿，你是我炼的第一个毒傀，不要着急，很快的，你哥哥将是第二个！”赵柔眼睛露出狠辣与仇恨，闭上双眼，天空漩涡轰轰转动。

“Gongsun Wan-er, you are the first Poison Puppet that I had refined. Don’t worry, very soon, you brother will be the second!” Zhao Rou’s eyes flashed with hatred and viciousness as she slowly closed her eyes, and the whirlpool above her head rotated in the sky.