

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: Pilot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Thunder*

The winds are blowing heavy, dark clouds are covering the sky and rain is about to start any second.

...

"Hey, Did you see my new dress ?"

"No, Where did you buy it from ?"

The Mall is bustling with people and everyone is in a hurry to get out since rain is about to start.

Women's beauty section, 3rd floor...

A young man around the age of 19, red eyes, black hairs, fair skin tone and a medium looking face, neither too handsome nor too ugly, was sitting on the counter with a porn manga in his hands.

"Yes, Now bind her up and fuck the shit out of her. Don't give her- Noooo, you fucking idiot... Why would you say you love her ?

This is fucking stupid." He spoke with a very unpleasant expression on his face.

"Maybe if you can get off from that porn manga, you can get some girls in real life, Leon." A blonde girl sitting besides him, in her 20's spoke with a smile as she registered some stuff on the computer.

"I don't want girls... I want MILFs, I just want to fuck busty womans in their 30's and 40's." Leon spoke with a perverted expression.

"Do you really think these porn stories are real ? Your friend's mother jumped on you because her husband wasn't having sex with her ? That's fucking stupid.

This is real world and things work differently. You can't fuck a MILF unless she is a prostitute.

So, get these stories out of your mind and get to work." The blonde girl replied with a serious expression.

"What work ? Look at news, everyone is closing and-"

*Ting*

Suddenly, A message arrived on both of their phones.

"It's the owner, she says that close the shop and go home. It's going to rain for two days straight ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Well... Everything is almost closed, just shut off the lights and we are good to go." The blonde girl spoke.

"Okay... Here, I will be on my way. Please lock the shop and see you after two days." Leon spoke as he immediately turned off the switches and ran out of the shop.

"Bastard... When will he understand my feelings ?" The blonde girl spoke as she looked at the porn manga with a sad expression.

...

*Click*

As soon as Leon stepped out of the mall, he noticed that slight rain has already started to fall.

"Before this get's heavy... I should leave. I didn't even bring an umbrella today." Leon spoke as he immediately started walking out of the mall and towards his apartment.

'I am Leon, an orphan, a virgin and I have a very twisted mind. I like MILFs, Mothers and Married women.

My only dream that I have right now is to fuck at least one MILF in my life that is not a prostitute.

I have changed many jobs following this single dream, I have been a Chef, an electrician, a plumber and now I am working on a Beauty product shop, but I haven't found any se-' Suddenly, Leon's thoughts were interrupted by a sudden lightning strike that struck on a nearby building.

*THUNDER*

"What the fuck ??" Leon cursed outloud as he immediately started running faster.

'I need to go home before this get's serious.' Leon thought as he decided to take shortcut from the backstreet where a pile was barely holding onto the ground and since it was really dangerous for people, yellow tape secured the area from all sides, forbidding it for anyone to use.

But, Leon didn't follow these orders and used this street in order to reach the mall quickly.

"I should have shrimp for dinner toni-"

*THUNDER*

Suddenly, lightning striked over the pole and since the pole was barely holding it's ground...

"Fuck." Leon spoke as he looked up with wide eyes.

*THUD*

It fell over Leon and killed him in one blow.

...

"Oi, Kid... Wake up." Suddenly, A sharp voice pierced Leon's ears.

*Blink-Blink*

He slowly opened his eyes and noticed a man standing in front of him wearing nothing but a white cloth around his whole body.

"W-What !? I am still alive ? I didn't di-" Suddenly, Leon stopped speaking as he looked around and noticed a pure white space all around him.

"Where am I ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"You are dead, Kid." The man in white cloth spoke as he looked at Leon.

"W-What ? But, I can see you and-"

"That's because I am an angel and I am here to redirect you to your next life, since you had some time left on your previous life." The angel spoke with a neutral expression.

"You have got to be kidding me ? You are saying that you killed me by mistake ?" Leon asked with a shocked and confused expression.

"It wasn't my mistake... You were the one who took that shortcut that you weren't supposed to take.

Are you humans all so stupid ? There are yellow tapes all around the area and you still had to take that route... You are the only reason why I was punished by the Gods.

If only you could've lived for 20 more years, it could've been all good." The angel spoke with an angry expression.

"So... Are you going to reincarnate me in a world of magic just like the Mangas ?" Leon asked with an excited expression.

"No, I am going to transfer your soul into the body of an 18 year old guy who looks just like you, he died in the other world and yes, that world runs on magic.

But, If you dared to tell anyone from that world that you are not from their world, I will kill you again.

Do you understand ?" The angel asked with a serious expression.

"I-I understand, So... Can I get some special skills before starting my second life ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ughh... Of course you will, Fine but only three skills and you will choose them in my presence." The angle spoke as he waved his hand from left to right and suddenly a half-transparent screen popped up in front of Leon with around 567 skills on it.

"These skills are all arranged accordingly to their ranks, You can only select one skill from S-Rank skills to A-Rank Skills, one from B-Rank to D-Rank skills and one from the E-Rank to F-Rank skills.

Now choose fast..." The angle spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

'I am assuming he will only take S-Rank, B-Rank and E-Rank skills since they are top ranks in their section, but he is a human and most of them are stupid... So, I can't say for sure.' The angle thought in his mind.

"I have decided my skills..." Leon spoke immediately.

"What !? So fast ? Did you even read all of them and Don't you want to read their descriptions ?" The angle asked with a surprised expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: Skill Crafter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Human... These skills, Are you sure about them ?" The angle asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, I am pretty sure..." Leon replied with a smile.

[Name: Skill Crafter]

[Rank: F]

[Description: Can be used to craft skills of lower and same rank as this skill.]

[Mana: 20]

[Cooldown: 1 hour]

'Hehehe... The first skill that he choose is such a trash skill. What is he going to do with this ? Make a bunch of F-rank skills ? Hahaha... This skill is completely useless and a one hour cooldown on that makes it even worse.' The angle thought in his mind as a smile appeared over his face.

[Name: Inspect]

[Rank: C]

[Description: Can be used to look at anyone's status, skills and titles... without them knowing.]

[Mana: 10]

[Cooldown: none]

'Hahahahaha... I thought he will choose something good and become at least a good mage but he is so stupid, what is he going to do with these skills ?' The angel thought as he looked at the description of last skill.

[Name: Adaptive Body]

[Rank: S]

[Description: The user's body instantly adjusts to any external stimuli, whether pain, pleasure, temperature, or magical effects. Instead of simply resisting, the body adapts to optimize performance under any condition.]

[Mana: none]

[Cooldown: none]

'Hmm... As expected, this creature is really dumb. He could've choosen Scholar's Memory to remember numerous spells in just a few seconds or chantless casting or even dual casting... But he chooses this stupid skill that makes his body adapt to the environment around him ?

That's the stupidest skill set that I have ever seen. I don't think this human will survive in this world for long.'

"Well then... Since you have already selected your skills and I haven't forced you to select these skills, right ?" The angel asked with a smile.

"Yes, I choose all these skills on my own... without any external forces." Leon replied with a smile.

"Well then... Hang tight, I am sending you to your next life." The angel spoke with a smile as he immediately clapped his hands together and Leon's soul Disappeared.

*Swish*

"I thought I was in trouble for a minute and worried that he will choose some of the most powerful skills and I have to say that he can't take them, but how dumb of him... Didn't even looked at the powerful skills.

I don't think his presence will make any disturbance in the world. Phew... I can relax now." The angel thought as he disappeared as well.

....

*Blink-Blink*

As soon as Leon opened his eyes, he noticed the clear sky above him and a forest around him.

He slowly sat up and looked at his body with a confused expression.

There were bruises and injuries all over his legs and hands.

Suddenly, Memories started rushing his mind...

'This guy is Leon Luster, A normal 18 year old boy who looks just like me and we share the same name as well.

Lives with his step-mother and married-step-sister in a small village near the outer walls of human Kingdom, Zariya.

His family is not very rich and he works as a butler in the house of the village chief, but recently he got into an heated argument with the child's son and obviously... He beated the crap out of him that killed him.' Leon thought as he tried to stood up from the ground, but due to the extreme pain in his knees he fell down again.

*Thud*

'Fucking hell... My status doesn't look good.'

*Ping*

Suddenly, A half-transparent screen popped up in front of Leon.

_______________________

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Unknown

Race: Human

Level: 1

Mana: 50/50

HP: 82/100

Skills: [Skill Crafter(F)] [Inspect(C)] [Adaptive Body(S)]

Titles: none

________________________

"Hmm... So this is my status screen, huh ?" Leon asked with a smile.

'Hmm... My mana is rather low, but it works. That Angel must be thinking that I picked up the stupidest set of skills but he doesn't know the potential of these skills.

Only a true rpg gamer who knows how to exploit bugs in a game as soon as he sees them knows the value of these skills.' Leon thought as an evil smile appeared over his face.

"Well then... I should try and test out this skill." Leon spoke as he immediately used a skill.

Suddenly, A small window popped up in front of him.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Minor Healing."

[Skill 'Minor Healing' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"Completely heals a person from any injury." Leon spoke with a smile.

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

'Well, I had to try.... Hmmm, if I play with my words a little, maybe I can get something out of this.' Leon thought in his mind.

"Heal a person's minor injuries like bruises and muscle strain."

[Description has been Accepted.]

'I see... So it will only accept a description fitting for an F-rank skill.' Leon thought with an excited expression.

[ Please select the chant for the skill {Minor Healing}.]

"Chant ? How about, Heal ?" Leon spoke with a confused expression.

[Chant 'Heal' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 5 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 4.63 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

[Warning: Once learned, The skill [Skill Crafter] will go on cooldown for 1 hour and If the skill is destroyed, The cooldown will reset.]

"Destroy it." Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: Minor Healing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let's make the same skill with a little bit tweaks..." Leon thought as an intresting idea entered inside his brain.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Minor Healing."

[Skill 'Minor Healing' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"Heals minor injuries like bruises, sprains, little bone fractures and cuts. This skill can be Leveled up with a specific number of usage on every level and with every level up, the healing received will increase by a minor amount of 5% of my Max HP." Leon spoke as he carefully choose his words this time.

[Processing....]

'Please, Please... This is the moment that will tell me, if this skill is really useful or just a useless skill.' Leon thought in his mind as he stared at the screen.

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Fuck..." Leon spoke as soon as he saw this notification, but he didn't consider it defeat.

"How about 3% of my Max HP ?" He asked with a neutral expression.

[Processing...]

"Come on, Come on..."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Shit... Make it 2%."

[Processing...]

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"I think it's not possible but I will still give it a try, Set the healing to 1%." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

[Processing...]

'Please, Please, Please... Let this be-'

[Description has been accepted.]

"No Fucking... Way." Leon spoke as a wide smile appeared over his face.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Minor Healing}.]

"Heal." Leon spoke with a smile.

[Chant 'Heal' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 20 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 15 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

'Hmm.... The mana cost and the cooldown increased by 4-5 folds.' Leon spoke as he looked at the screen.

"I will learn the skill." Leon spoke.

[Congratulations ! You have learned the skill {Minor Healing Lv.1} Successfully.]

[Name: Minor Healing]

[Rank: F]

[Level:1]

[Usage: 0/5]

[Description: Heals minor injuries like bruises, sprains, little bone fractures and cuts. This skill can be Leveled up with a specific number of usage on every level and with every level up, the healing received will increase by a minor amount of 1% of target's Max HP.]

[Mana: 20/use]

[Cooldown: 15 seconds.]

"Well then... Time to use it." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over his head and used the skill.

"Heal..."

Suddenly, Leon felt a tingling sensation travelling throughout his body and as soon as he looked at his hand... He noticed that all of the minor injuries on the surface of his body have been healed and even some of the internal injuries are healed.

Leon immediately stood up from the ground and noticed that he felt way less pain in his body than before.

"Status..."

_______________________

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Unknown

Race: Human

Level: 1

Mana: 30/50

HP: 92/100

Skills: [Skill Crafter(F)] [Inspect(C)] [Adaptive Body(S)] [Minor Healing(F1)]

Titles: none

________________________

"Mana down by 20 and HP increased by 10. Wait... What's my mana regeneration ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he continued to stare at the mana state for the next one minute.

[Mana: 31/50]

"Ah... It regenerated by 1 in one minute." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he closed the screen.

'It's about to be sunset soon... I should head back home to my sexy mother and sister, hehehehehe.' Leon thought as he looked at the red sun going down the horizon.

"If I remember correctly... My house should be near by." Leon spoke as he continued to walk forward and exited the forest.

As soon as he exited the forest, Leon witnessed a beautiful scenery of open grasslands and slow winds blowing over the beautiful green grass.

"Beautiful..." Leon spoke with a smile as he turned to his right and noticed a small village about 1 kilometre away from the forest.

"Yep... That's the village." Leon spoke as he immediately started walking towards the village.

...

After walking for about 20 minutes, Leon finally reached in front of the village gate...

Two guards were standing on the village gate, they were wearing brown leather armours, plate boots and holded spears in their hands.

"Leon...? You okay man ?" One of the guards asked as he walked upto Leon.

"Yeah... I am good. Why ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I mean... The Chief's son was in a very bad mood when you two walked out of the village. We were betting if you will come back alive or not.

Guess what ? I just won two copper coins hahaha..." The guard spoke as he started laughing.

"Fucking bitch... You should've died." The other guard spoke as he handed two copper coins to his partner.

'These fucking idiots...' Leon thought as he walked inside the village and walked upto the third house.

The house was made out of stone and wood. It wasn't that big and very poorly built.

'All the houses in this village are just one typhoon away from getting wiped out from the face of this planet.

Except that one house...' Leon thought as he looked on the south corner of the wall and noticed a two story house made out of proper bricks, cement and Metallic doors.

'This house belongs to the Village chief.' Leon thought as he knocked on the wooden door.

*Knock-Knock*

*Click*

The wooden door creaked open, and there she

stood-a filthy, mature MILF wrapped in a

tight, worn bodice that barely held back her

massive, heavy Boobs.

The laces strained to contain them, her deep cleavage spilling out, daring eyes to linger. Below, a rough, faded skirt clung to her wide hips and thick ass, the fabric stretched so tight it left little to the imagination. Every subtle shift made her curves jiggle, teasing and tempting.

'So, She is my step-mother, huh ? Her name is Elaine and a woman with such slutty curves should not exist in this world. She calls me Leo.' Leon thought as he felt his dick throbbing harder than ever in his pants.

"Oh my dear, You are back." Elaine spoke as she immediately hugged Leon tightly burying his face in between her boobs.

'Oh my goddd... She is not even wearing a bra. I can feel her nipples poking against my face.' Leon thought as a perverted smile appeared on his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: Home Sweet Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Leo, where have you been ? You were supposed to be home 1 hour earlier, do you know how worried I was with you gone ?" Elaine spoke with a worried expression as she continued to hug Leon.

'Hehehe... Boobs, Soft giant boobs.' Leon thought in his mind as he continued to smile like a pervert.

"Is he back mom ?" Suddenly, another sweet voice came from inside.

"Yes, Honey... Your brother is back. Come in honey... I have already made made dinner." Elaine spoke as she let go of leon and closed the doors.

"Y-Yes, Mom." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over his dick and tried to calm it down.

As soon as he looked around the house, Leon noticed a small wooden table in the middle of the house.

'Ah... I forgot that this world is not that advanced in making furnitures. They still eat while sitting on the ground.

Only Royalty has the right to have Chairs, Beds and other things. Since we are not- Wait...' Suddenly a thought triggered inside his mind as he started walking forward.

The house only had three rooms in it, One was kitchen and the other one was a toilet.

Leon walked towards the third room and opened it's door.

*Click*

*Thud

As soon as the gate opened up, he noticed a girl in her 20's sitting in the middle of the room over a mattress.

As soon as Leon opened the door, she turned slowly, unfazed, a knowing smirk curling her lips.

Her half-laced bodice barely held her massive,

milk-swollen tits, one heavy globe already bare,

soft flesh glistening as a whimpering child

suckled lazily.

A fresh drop of milk trailed down the curve of her breast, teasingly slow. Below her wide hips and thick, fat ass pressed against the mattress and stretched the limits of her worn skirt.

'She is the exact replica of Elaine.' Leon thought as his cock started to throb even more.

She shifted slightly, her curves jiggling as she

adjusted the child in her arms, her free hand idly dragging down her waist.

Her dark, sultry eyes locked onto him, playful, teasing, wicked.

"My, my... You look in a hurry ?" she purred, her

voice sweet like honey.

"H-Hello Selene." Leon spoke with an embarrassed expression as he immediately started looking towards the other side.

"Hello ? Where have you been for the past hour ? Mom is eating my brains like crazy. 'What happened to my son ? Should I go to the chief's house ?'

If I hadn't holded her back, She would've been on the gate of Chief's house." Selene spoke with a neutral expression as she continued to feed milk to her daughter.

'Wait... The concept of sexuality here is different from earth. It's not a developed place and people are really open minded here.

She is not embarrassed when talking to me because breastfeeding in front of her brother is perfectly normal for her and Leon has encountered her doing this several times before. So, I have to act normal in order to keep the character.' Leon thought as he licked eyes with Selene.

"I-I got held back by some more work... I almost forgot the time and that's why, I came back late." Leon spoke in stuttering voice as he couldn't keep his eyes locked.

No matter how hard he tried, Leon's eyes only wanted to see his step-sister's boobs that were filled with tasty milk.

"Why is your face so red ? and ears too ?" Selene asked with a confused smile as she looked at Leon.

"I-I don't- have this-" Leon started stuttering once again, but this time he got interrupted by Elaine.

"Come both of you... The dinner is ready." Elaine shouted from the kitchen.

"Sleep Darling." Selene spoke as she slowly pulled out her pink tipped-nipple out of her daughter's mouth and slowly placed her over the mattress as she was already asleep.

Selene slowly stood up from the mattress and walked upto Leon.

"Don't make a sound or you will wake her up. You understand ?" Selene spoke with a serious expression.

"Y-Your boob... is hanging out." Leon spoke as he tried to keep a straight face as he pointed towards her hanging boob.

"Oh... Right." Selene spoke as she immediately grabbed her boob and placed inside her bodice.

'Fucking hell... I can smell her milk's Scent, My dick is throbbing like crazy but I am not going to jerk off, How can I ?

I have two MILFs right here with me and if I didn't use their pussies to pleasure my cock, it would be a shame on me as a man. Sorry Leon, but your step-mother and step-sister are going to be turned into my obedient sluts soon.' Leon thought as he remembered something else.

He walked upto the small table that was in the middle of the house and took a seat on the ground.

"There you go." Elaine spoke as she brought three wooden bowls filled with baked beans and placed them over the table.

"We have baked beans again...?" Selene asked with a bored and fed up expression.

"Yes... We can't afford anything else, Darling." Elaine spoke as she went back to the kitchen once again and brought out four pieces of bread.

"Here is your bread, Here is mine and these are for you sweetie." Elaine spoke as she placed only one piece of bread into Selene's and her own plate, where as she placed two bread pieces into Leon's plate.

"What !? Why is he getting two pieces, while I am the one feeding a child here." Selene asked with a confused expression.

"Well because he earns for the house and brings back money every month, unlike someone's husband who comes home once every year stays for one hour and gives nothing-"

"Fine, Fine... I understand." Selene spoke with an Irritated expression.

"Here... Have it." Leon spoke as he immediately gave one of the bread to Selene.

"Wait, really ?" Selene asked with a big smile.

"You don't have to do that, Leo. She always stays at home and does nothing other than feeding a baby." Elaine spoke with a neutral expression.

"No worries... I am good with one piece of bread, Mom. She should have more, since she is feeding two." Leon replied with a smile.

Suddenly, both of them looked at Leon with shocked expressions.

"Wow... He really grew up huh ?" Selene asked with a smile.

"My son, I am so proud of you." Elaine spoke as she hugged Leon once again and buried his face into her boobs completely.

'Hehehe... For these boobs, I would give up all the bread in this world.' Leon thought with a Perverted smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: Touch Of Lust
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After eating the dinner, Leon exited his house and looked up into the sky.

"Hmm... Two moons huh ?" Leon asked with a smile as he noticed two moons shining in the sky.

'After I looked more into Leon's memories, I found some basic principles of this world and one of them caught my intrest particularly.

This world is really backwards in the aspects of sex and I plan to make full use of that.

Sex is only a pleasurable thing for men in this world... No one wastes more than 3-5 minutes with a woman, they don't do foreplay and other things... only put it in, pull it out and cum that's all sex is here.

This means that neither Elaine nor Selene has experienced a real orgasm or even a real kiss and once they find out what it feels like... I don't think they will be able to run away from it.

But, In order to make that happen... I will need to corrupt them and for that, I need to create some skills.

Status...' Leon thought and suddenly a transparent status screen popped up in front of him.

_______________________

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Unknown

Race: Human

Level: 1

Mana: 19/50

HP: 100/100

Skills: [Skill Crafter(F)] [Inspect(C)] [Adaptive Body(S)] [Minor Healing(F2)]

Titles: none

________________________

'For the past 3 hours and 20 minutes... I was using the Minor Healing skill again and again on my body. My HP is now at 100% and the level of the Minor Healing has been increased by 1.

Fucking hell this is hard... I need to make a skill to cut my mana cost into half or something and a skill to regenerate mana faster and one skill that can reduce the cooldowns of my skills.

But, For now... I need to focus on my priorities here.' Leon thought as he used the skill.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Touch Of Lust." Leon spoke as a perverted smile appeared over his face.

[Skill 'Touch Of Lust' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A weak but insidious skill that heightens sensitivity of a female upon touch.

When activated, the target experiences a slight increase in arousal and pleasure from physical contact, but due to low rank it has temporary effects and they fade off as soon as the physical contact is broken, but since this skill levels up upon multiple usage... The intensity of the effects will also increase-"

'Umm... I should keep it this much, if I tried to add more, the description won't be accepted.

Using words like 'Low rank', 'Weak skill' and 'slight increase' I should be able to fool the system into thinking that it's really a low leveled skill.' Leon thought as he immediately stopped talking and a smile appeared over his face.

[Processing...]

[Description has been accepted.]

"Fuck yes, Fuck Yes..." Leon shouted as he got excited a little.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Minor Healing}.]

"Remis." Leon spoke with a smile.

'I want the chant of this spell to be different and specific, that I can say in front of them without letting them know.'

[Chant 'Remis' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 10 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 20 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Learn it... Fast." Leon spoke with a Perverted smile.

[Congratulations ! You have learned the skill {Touch Of Lust} Successfully.]

'Being poor sucks... but not in this case, Leon's family is poor and that's why they have no separate rooms, no seperate beds to sleep on.

The whole family sleeps in one room over two different mattresses. On one sleeps My dear sister with her one month old daughter and on the other sleeps My dear step-mother and me.

Tonight I will put this skill to test.' Leon thought as he immediately started walking inside the house with an evil smile on his face.

*Click*

"Leon... Where did you go?" Elaine asked, her voice smooth, as she glanced over her shoulder.

"Just wanted to look the moons, Mom. Nothing else," Leon replied, flashing a smirk. "Should we head to bed?" He asked.

Elaine arched a brow before chuckling. "Yeah, yeah... You go ahead. I'll join you after I finish washing these bowls."

As she strolled toward the kitchen, Leon's eyes locked onto the hypnotic sway of her giant ass, the soft curves shifting with every step. His breath hitched as heat surged through his body.

"Fucking hell... This woman is going to make my dick explode." His fingers flexed as he palmed the growing bulge in his pants, giving it a slow squeeze before heading into the room.

Inside, the warm glow of the lantern bathed everything in a golden hue, casting soft shadows across Selene's body. She lay on the small mattress, her nightgown undone at the front, one swollen breast bared as she fed her daughter.

Leon froze.

Her plump pink nipple, swollen and stiff, peeked past her lips as a stray drop of milk rolled down the curve of her breast. His mouth went dry, his cock twitching at the sinful sight.

'Fuck... I want to latch onto that perfect nipple and suck her dry. I want to grab those tits, spank them until they're red, and then drink every last drop myself.' Leon thought as he continued to maintain a neutral expression.

Selene shifted slightly, adjusting her hold on the baby, causing her breast to jiggle. She caught Leon's gaze, her lips curling into a slow, teasing smile.

"So... What did you do today?" she asked, her voice laced with amusement as her fingers absently traced the slope of her exposed breast.

Leon tore his gaze away with effort, inhaling sharply. "Me? Nothing much... Just cleaning." His voice came out rougher than intended.

He moved to the larger mattress and lay down, his erection pressing insistently against his pants. Closing his eyes did nothing to stop the filthy thoughts racing through his mind.

"Sleeping already, huh?" Selene asked with a smile.

"Yeah... I have work tomorrow," he muttered, but his body betrayed him—his cock stood tall, straining against the fabric, making his arousal painfully obvious.

Selene's eyes flickered downward, her lips parting slightly in surprise before a slow smile appeared on her face.

'Oh my god ? His dick is hard, right ? Is he thinking about some girl and having dirty thoughts in his mind ?' she mused, a devious glint in her eyes.

'I need to use the skill on Elaine, I need to pretend that I am asleep and when she comes and lies down right next to me... I can just make body contact with her and use my skill, but why is my dick so hard ?' Leon thought with as he did his best and pretended to fall asleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: Just Sleep
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ten minutes had passed since Leon had closed his eyes, waiting for Elaine to enter the room.

'Fuck... how long does it take to clean three damn bowls?' he thought, his ears picking up the soft, wet suckling sounds from Selene's daughter greedily nursing at her breast.

Schlp~ Schlp~ Schlp~

The rhythmic noises sent an uninvited warmth through his body, making his arousal stir once again. He clenched his jaw, forcing himself to stay still.

'Shit... my dick is acting up again—'

Click.

Creak.

Suddenly, the sound of the door unlocking pulled him from his thoughts.

A warm, familiar voice slipped into the room.

"Hmm... is he asleep already?" Elaine murmured in a low voice.

"Yep. Maybe he's really tired today," Selene replied with a soft chuckle.

Elaine sighed. "Well, he always works harder than he should. Since Leon's already asleep, I'll just change here into my nightgown."

The moment those words touched his ears, a pulse of heat shot straight to his cock. His breath hitched as his body stiffened.

Slip.

The quiet, intoxicating sound of fabric sliding down smooth skin sent a shiver up Leon's spine. His eyelids parted slightly, just enough to steal a glimpse—and what he saw made his breath hitch.

Elaine's naked body stood bathed in the golden glow of the lamp, her soft curves accentuated by the warm light.

Her heavy breasts swayed slightly as she moved, her nipples deliciously stiff—inverted, teasing, waiting to be played with. The gentle folds of her stomach only made her more alluring, more milfy.

The only thing left on her body was a tight, deep-purple panty, hugging her hips like a sinful temptation. Stray strands of dark pubic hair peeked from the edges, an unfiltered display of raw femininity.

Then, as if to torture him further, a sweet, musky scent filled the air, thick and intoxicating. It wasn't perfume—it was her body. A primal, natural fragrance that sent Leon's instincts into overdrive.

It was as if her body was releasing pheromones—an open invitation for any man in the room to fuck her right then and there.

Leon clenched his fists. His cock throbbed painfully against his pants, aching for release.

"No, Leon. Control yourself." He forced his breath to stay steady, swallowing down the animalistic hunger clawing at his insides.

'I'll fuck her... but not yet. First, I'll have to use my skill on her and confirm if it's working or not.

If the skill works properly, I will corrupt her slowly and make her do things that a mother will never do for her son. Blowjobs, Hidden pussy eating and many more things... hehehe.'

His fingers dug deeper into the sheets as he kept still, pretending to be asleep—watching, waiting, hungry.

...

"I am turning off the lights..." Elaine spoke as she changed into a white night-gown and turned off the lamp.

"Good night." Selene spoke as she closed her eyes.

"Good night." Elaine spoke with a smile as she lied down right next to Leon while facing her huge ass towards him.

Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed that it was too dark to see anything.

'Fuck... I can't see shit, I- wait, I can use that.' Leon thought as he immediately used another skill.

'If this Skill's description is right, then my eyes should adjust accordingly to the dark environment around me and I should be able to see things better in dark.' Leon thought as he continued to look around the dark room after activating the skill.

Suddenly, A notification popped up in front of him.

[Extreme tension on Host's eyes has been detected.]

[Adjusting Eyes.]

Suddenly, The pupils in Leon's eyes changed from round to vertical slits similar to a cat's eyes and his vision became really clear.

'Woah... It really works.' Leon thought as he looked right in front of him and noticed that Elaine is sleeping with her back and giant ass facing Leon.

'Okay, Okay... Just a small touch will work. I only need to make physical touch with her body and active the skill.' Leon thought as he slowly raised his hand and placed it over shoulder.

He did it in such a manner that even if Elaine woke up from her sleep, she will still think that Leon is in deep sleep and touched her by mistake.

But... Even though Leon placed his hand over her shoulder, he noticed that there was no reaction from her side.

'What the hell ? She must be in really deep sleeper. Well, I don't give a fuck. Let's use the skill.' Leon thought as he activated the skill.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: Night of Corruption
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Remis..."

The word slipped from Leon's lips, low and commanding.

At first, nothing happened.

Then—

"Mnnnhh~"

A soft, breathy moan escaped Elaine's lips. Her body tensed, shivered, reacting to something that she didn't understand.

"Heh." A smirk spread across Leon's face.

"So it's working after all."

Slowly, he pulled his hand away.

[Skill Deactivated]

A confirmation flashed in front of him, but he didn't need a system message to tell him what he already knew— Elaine had felt it already.

'I should try it again... But not on her shoulder this time.' Leon thought as his gaze darkened and he reached for her again—this time, sliding his palm over the curve of her waist, fingers sinking into her soft, plush flesh.

'Fucking hell, Her body is warm... I can feel it even over her clothes. She is just so thick. So soft. So fuckable.

Wait, I have to cast the spell again.' Leon thought with a perverted smile.

His voice dropped, barely above a whisper. "Remis..."

Leon waited for ten seconds and then-

"Mnnnnhhh~" Elain moaned again, her hips twitching, body reacting instinctively to the invisible pleasure Leon was feeding into her.

He tightened his grip on her waist.

'I am not stopping this time.' Leon thought with a perverted lust hungry expression.

Elaine shifted, rolling onto her back, her heavy breasts jiggling with the movement.

Leon's jaw clenched.

Jiggle-Jiggle.

"Fuck."

Leon's fingers itched to grab them, to feel the weight of her huge boobs in his hands.

He slowly slided his hand up and towards her left boob.

*Slide*

His palm slided just below one full, heavy breast, feeling the warmth radiating from her skin even though there was a cloth layer between them.

'Just a little touch...' Leon thought as he raised his index and placed it over her boob.

'Fuck... It's like her boobs is trying to swallow my finger.' Leon thought as he noticed that his index finger is sinking into Elaine's boob.

"Mnnnhhh~" Elaine let out another soft, breathy moan, her body twitching as Leon's palm sank into her plush, heavy boob.

'Soft. So fucking soft.' Leon thought with a Perverted expression.

His fingers flexed, gripping the thick flesh,

feeling it mold against his hand.

*Squeeze.*

Leon's pupils dilated, his blood rushing south,

cock throbbing painfully against his pants.

His other hand hovered over her right breast,

fingers twitching with the desperate urge to grab, squeeze and devour.

As soon as Leon felt the godly sensation of her boob wrapping around his hand, his primal instincts woke up and he turned into a list filled animal.

Leon wanted to ravage the female body in front of him and rape her over and over until he gets tired of her.

He lifted both hands to grope her boobs fully, but-

The moment contact broke-

[Skill Deactivated.]

Leon froze.

A shuddering breath left him, his mind clearing

just enough to realize how far he'd almost gone.

Slowly, carefully, he withdrew his hands, forcing himself to calm down despite his cock raging against his self-control.

'Tch. Enough for today. If I keep going, I'Il really rape her filthy slutty body and wake up my dear step-sister as well.

I will do this next time when she is awake and that will be at tomorrow's breakfast.' Leon thought as he rubbed his cock one last time before closing his eyes and going to sleep.

...

But.. Elaine wasn't asleep...

Her eyelids fluttered open, her breath shaky, her body aching in ways she didn't understand.

'What... was that...?' Her thighs pressed together, a slow, pulsing heat radiating from between them.

She swallowed hard, shifting slightly-

That's when she felt it. Wet, Soaking panties.

Her fingers trembled as she reached down

grazing the front of her nightgown, feeling the

sticky warmth through the fabric.

A shiver ran up her spine.

'No... this has never happened before.. Why am

I wet...?' Elaine thought as her lips parted, a needy whimper threatening to escape.

The urge to touch, to rub, to ease the throbbing need between her legs clawed at her.

'I can't.. I can't do this here. They're right next to me.' Elaine bit her lip, squeezing her own breast, hoping to distract herself from the unbearable heat.

But it wasn't enough.

She lifted her hand, feeling the sticky

liquid on her fingertips.

Her face burned with shame, yet-

She slowly brought them to her nose.

*Sniff*

A shudder wracked through her.

The scent was... intoxicating.

She swallowed thickly, hesitating for just a

second before her fingers touched her lips.

Her breath hitched.

'Oh my god... What am I doing ?'

With a shaky sigh, she curled onto her side,

pressing her thighs together tightly, forcing

herself to resist the overwhelming hunger

clawing at her body.

_________________________

[Elaine's Corruption: 3%]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: Man of the House
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Next Morning...

Blink-Blink

Selene stirred awake, her lashes fluttering as golden morning light streamed through the window behind her. A warm, lazy comfort filled her body, the softness of the mattress cradling her as she stretched with a quiet sigh but the brightness was annoying.

Groaning, she sat up and slipped off the bed, padding toward the window. The cold air kissed her bare thighs as she reached up, pulling the curtain shut with a soft slip.

Darkness settled again.

Selene exhaled, her body tingling with warmth as she sank back onto the mattress, ready to let sleep reclaim her.

And then she noticed Leon—

Lying just a few feet away, his face relaxed in peaceful slumber... but it wasn't his face that made her body freeze.

It was the thick, unmistakable bulge straining against his pants.

Selene's heart pounded, her thighs pressing together on instinct.

Leon's Morning Wood was so hard that it made a tent in his pants.

The rigid shape of his cock was pressing tight against the fabric, its sheer size making her mouth run dry. Heat coiled low in her belly, spreading between her legs like a slow-burning fire.

'It... it looks painful.' Selene thought in her mind as she looked at Leon's morning wood.

Arousal surged through her, sharp and sudden, making her skin prickle with heat.

Her breath quickened.

Almost without thinking, her fingers drifted down, sliding over the waistband of her panties, seeking the source of the pulsing ache between her thighs.

But before her hands could've touched her pussy....

Click.

Creaaaak.

Selene's body jolted in shock as the door creaked open.

She barely managed to yank her hand away, rolling onto her side, her breath shallow and frantic.

Her body was still burning.

'What the hell am I doing?! He's my Brother—I can't do this.' Selene thought as her face turned red, but the need still pulsed inside her, shame mingling with forbidden desire.

"Come on, both of you, wake up." A sweet, feminine voice filled the room.

"Leo, wake up... you have to go to work, sweetie."

Selene squeezed her eyes shut, heart hammering in her chest and her pussy throbbing to get patted.

Leon groaned, shifting on the bed.

"Hmm...? Work?" His voice was deep, husky with sleep.

He blinked up at Elaine, who stood before him in tight, form-fitting clothes that clung to her body in all the right places.

For a moment, Leon simply stared.

Then—

'...Fuck. Right. I'm in another world now.' Leon thought as he slowly sat up.

Selene peeked at him, only to freeze when their eyes met.

'Shit.'

Her face burned, and she immediately looked away.

Leon frowned. "Something wrong ?"

"H-Huh?! N-Nothing!" she stammered. "I-I was just looking at the fly!"

She pointed toward the corner of the room, avoiding his gaze.

Leon narrowed his eyes.

'The fuck is wrong with her?'Shrugging it off, he stood up, stretching his arms with a lazy yawn before exiting the room.

Click.

Thud.

Elaine smiled warmly. "Leon, I'm making dinner, so go freshen up."

"Yeah, yeah..." he muttered as he made his way to the washroom.

But the moment he stepped inside—

His eye twitched.

A single, crude hole cut into the floor stared back at him.

"...Fucking hell." His face twisted in frustration as he shut the door.

10 Minutes Later...

Leon stepped out of the washroom, fresh but still scowling from the lack of proper plumbing.

The smell of food filled the air, drawing his attention to Elaine and Selene, who were sitting on the floor, eating.

As soon as Leon noticed the breakfast, he saw nothing but the same thing he ate last night...

'Baked beans and Bread again ? It's not even tosted.' Leon thought as he sat down and started eating it anyway.

It was stale. Dry.

His jaw clenched.

'I need to earn money. I can't keep eating this shitty food anymore. The job that I do right now doesn't pay shit.

My salary is 30 coppers per month and it's shit. I can barely afford to eat food twice a day.

At first I thought Leon's mother would be a working woman but as I searched through his memories... I found out that she is not and his sister is the same, they are both unemployed.' Leon thought in his mind as he continued to eat the bread.

Selene sighed, biting into her bread. "Can't we at least get some white butter and roast it? I had some at cousin William's wedding, and it was—"

"We can't because we're poor," Elaine cut in sharply, her tone exasperated. "Do you have any idea how hard this boy is working to keep us—and your baby—fed?"

Selene flinched. "I-I'm sorry..." she murmured

Suddenly, An idea triggered inside Leon's mind and a smile appeared over his face.

"Mom," he said suddenly. "Get the pan ready. We're having meat for dinner tonight."

Elaine froze.

Selene's eyes widened. "W-What? Are you serious?"

Elaine's lips parted in shock. "Leon, you know how expensive meat is! A small piece costs ten coppers—that's eleven days worth of food! We can't afford it!"

Before she could protest further, Leon stood and walked toward her, and placed his hand over her shoulder.

"Remis," he whispered in a very low tone.

Elaine shuddered.

A slow, burning heat unfurled inside her, creeping down her spine, pooling between her legs.

She sucked in a sharp breath, her body stiffening.

'What... was this?' Her thighs clenched together, a desperate attempt to scratch the itch of her pussy.

Leon's fingers lingered on her skin, warm and firm.

'Hehe... That was a nice expression.' Leon thought.

He could see the way her chest rose and fell.

The way she subtly shifted her hips.

The way her breath caught in her throat.

He smirked.

"Mom..." he murmured, his voice low, intimate. "Trust me."

Elaine's pulse pounded.

Why was her pussy throbbing just from his touch? Elaine couldn't understand.

Selene's brow furrowed. "Mom... why are your ears turning red?"

'W-What is this ? Why am I feeling this arousal from my own son ? It's like my pussy wants to get fucked really hard.

My panty is rubbing against my pussy so hard and I can already feel myself leaking. I just want to rub it like crazy right now... but why am I feeling it on his touch.' Elaine thought as she continued to nod her head in 'Yes'.

"Mom... You are still tilting your head. Are you okay ?" Selene spoke with a confused expression.

"I-I am okay... I-I will prepare the pan." Elaine spoke as she stood up and immediately went to the kitchen but as soon as the physical contact between them broke, she felt nothing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: Hunting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon stepped out of his house, but instead of heading toward the village chief's mansion, he turned toward the nearest forest.

'If I keep working as a cleaner in the chief's mansion, I'll be stuck living in that filthy shed forever. There's no way I'm wasting my second life in that shithole.'

As he passed through the village gate, the two guards stationed there exchanged confused glances. It wasn't common to see someone leaving the village so early.

"Where's he going?"

"I have no idea."

"Why is he heading toward the forest?"

They muttered to each other, but Leon ignored them and kept walking.

---

After walking for about a kilometer, Leon finally reached the place where he had woken up yesterday.

A massive tree stood alone in the clearing, its presence making the empty space around it seem even more eerie.

'If I remember correctly, the old Leon used to come here to escape his responsibilities. That is... until the village chief's son found him and beat him to death.'

Leon frowned. 'I can't remember why he did that... but I do remember something else.'

This area was off-limits to villagers because of the horned rabbits. While they were only F-rank monsters and rarely seen around here, they were still lethal to humans. Their horns contained a deadly toxin—one stab was all it took to kill a man.

'Alive, they're dangerous. But once they're dead... they're walking money. Their fur sells. Their horns sell. Their meat sells. Hell, even their teeth fetch a price.'

Leon considered his options.

'I could head to the kingdom, buy a rusty sword with what little money I have left, then come back and risk my life hunting these things...'

'Or...'

He reached into his pocket and pulled out a long knife—the one he had swiped from the kitchen before leaving.

'To execute my plan, I need this.'

He gripped the blade tightly before glancing up at the tree. Without hesitation, he started climbing.

Once high enough, he snapped off several small but sturdy branches and stripped them of their leaves. Then, he began sharpening their tips into makeshift spears.

Cut. Cut. Cut.

Thirty minutes later...

Leon sat back, eyeing the eight sharpened branches lying before him.

"This should do the job," he muttered, satisfied.

Then, he activated his skill.

[Please name the skill...]

"Trap."

[Skill 'Trap' has been created.]

[Rank set to 'F' by default.]

[State the skill's function.]

Leon exhaled and began,

"When activated, this skill should create a shallow, one-foot-deep pit in the ground, covering it with a thin layer of dust to make it invisible to the prey.

Additionally, it will emit a scent that lures nearby low-rank monsters—especially horned rabbits. The trap resets automatically after a kill and remains active unless deactivated manually."

He paused, contemplating. 'That should be a basic setup, but I've already said too much. If I try adding level-up mechanics or anything complex, the system might reject it. I'll leave it as is for now.'

[Processing...]

[Description accepted.]

"Good, good," Leon muttered, a smirk playing on his lips.

[Please select a chant for the skill {Trap}.]

"Trap," he said plainly.

[Chant 'Trap' has been set.]

[Estimated mana cost: 10 per use.]

[Cooldown: 30 minutes.]

[Would you like to learn this skill or destroy it?]

Leon clicked his tongue. 'I knew it. Because the trap resets automatically, the system gave it a long cooldown so I can't spam it. Pretty smart... but this is still good.'

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Trap}.]

"Well then... let's see if this works," Leon murmured as he approached a nearby bush.

"This spot should do."

He activated the skill.

"Trap."

Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

The ground beneath him trembled as the soil began to sink. Within moments, a one-foot-deep hole formed, but it didn't stop there. Loose soil was pulled into the pit, creating an almost invisible layer over it.

"Whoa..." Leon crouched down and lightly tapped the surface. The thin layer of soil crumbled instantly.

[Skill {Trap} will reset.]

A transparent notification popped up before him. Since nothing had fallen in, the trap reactivated, covering itself once more.

"Perfect," he muttered, picking up four of the sharpened branches and planting them inside the hole, their pointed ends facing upward.

As soon as he removed his hand—

[Skill {Trap} will reset.]

This time, an awful stench wafted from the pit.

Leon gagged. "What the fuck? I specifically told it to release a sweet, attractive scent! Why the hell does it smell like rotting garbage?"

He immediately backed away, pinching his nose.

'Well... maybe monsters like this kind of smell. Now all I need to do is wait.'

Leon walked over to the massive tree, settling down behind it—far enough from the stench to breathe properly.

Yawn.

"I'm sleeping," he muttered before closing his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: Found A Bug !
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

3 hours later...

Ting-Ting

A sound of popping notifications entered Leon's head.

Blink-Blink

He slowly opened his eyes and noticed multiple transparent screens appearing in front of him.

[Skill {Trap} will Reset]

[Skill {Trap} will Reset]

[Skill {Trap} will Reset]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up.]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up.]

"...What in the fucking... world?" Leon muttered, confused, as he turned around.

Squeaaak!

Hearing the desperate squeaks, he immediately looked toward the trap. His eyes widened as he saw the hole was still open—and filled with horned rabbits.

"Oh shit..."

Leon rushed forward and peered down into the pit. Inside, three horned rabbits lay impaled and lifeless, their bodies pierced by the sharp wooden stakes. But one rabbit was still alive, writhing in pain, its right leg injured and one of the stake was stuck in it.

"The best I was hoping for was just one rabbit, but look at this... God is really great."

A sinister grin formed on Leon's face as he picked up another sharpened branch from the side. He then pointed the tip toward the rabbit's neck.

Squeaaa—

Stab!

Thud!

Before the creature could finish its cry for help, Leon delivered a clean, precise stab, ending its life instantly.

[Skill {Trap} will Reset]

As soon as the last rabbit died, the trap reset itself.

"Good thing I worked at that butcher shop... even if it was just because of the sexy MILF owner," Leon chuckled, kneeling beside the bodies. "At least I know how to gut an animal properly."

He immediately began working, carefully skinning the rabbits and removing their venomous horns, teeth, and fur.

20 minutes later...

Leon sat on the ground, satisfied with his work. In front of him lay four neatly organized piles:

Four venomous horns

Four sets of 25 teeth

A stack of white rabbit fur

Around 16 kg of fresh rabbit meat

"Status."

A screen instantly appeared before him.

__________________________

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Unknown

Race: Human

Level: 3

Mana: 150/150

HP: 300/300

Skills: [Skill Crafter (F)] [Inspect (C)] [Adaptive Body (S)] [Minor Healing (F2)] [Touch of Lust (F1)] [Trap (F)]

Titles: None

__________________________

"Hmm... leveled up twice, even though I didn't kill them directly. That's good."

He nodded to himself as he examined the status screen.

"And only two levels increased my mana by 100 and my HP by 200? That's huge."

However, as he looked back at the materials, another problem arose.

"I can't just carry all of this back like this..." He sighed. "If someone in the village notices that I killed four horned rabbits in a single day, I'll get all the attention—and I hate being the center of attraction unless I want to."

Leon narrowed his eyes, deep in thought.

"...Wait. Let's see if this works."

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Inventory."

[Skill 'Inventory' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of the skill.]

"When activated, this skill will open a gate to an interdimensional space where I can store non-living items and withdraw them at will, while keeping them in perfect state."

[Processing...]

[Error: Skill's description does not match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Yeah... expected that," Leon muttered.

"Although most RPGs give an inventory at the start, in some rare ones, it's a skill you have to purchase from the skill shop—for a hefty price, too."

He tapped his fingers on his knee, lost in thought.

'I have to trick the system into thinking this is a weak F-rank skill... but how?'

For ten whole minutes, Leon thought non-stop before finally getting an idea.

"Okay... let's try this."

"Grants the ability to store up to only five items in a personal sub-space, with a maximum weight limit of 10 kg per item. Items inside remain in perfect condition and cannot be accessed by others.

This skill can be leveled up after a specific number of uses. Each level-up increases slots by 1 and weight capacity by 2 kg."

[Processing...]

Leon held his breath.

'Okay... I added two limiters—item count and weight restriction. The "no sharing" clause can also be seen as a restriction. But the leveling system and preservation effect might be too much... will the system accept-'

[Description has been accepted.]

"...I have a fucking inventory—hahaha!"

A huge grin stretched across Leon's face.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Inventory}.]

"Inventory." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

[Chant 'Inventory' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost: 30 per use.]

[Cooldown: 10 minutes after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

'Hmm... that's a huge downside,' Leon thought.

'Since it costs 30 mana per use, I'll need 60 mana just to deposit and withdraw something once. And a 10-minute cooldown? That's annoying.'

'Unfortunately, I don't get to pick mana cost or cooldown for crafted skills... but at least I have one now.'

Leon learned the skill.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Inventory} successfully.]

"Inventory."

...Nothing happened.

"Huh?" Leon frowned, looking around. "Did I mess up?"

"Inventory... hello?"

....

"Is it active?" Leon muttered. "If it's active, how do I store—"

Swish!

Before he could finish speaking, the knife in his hand vanished.

"Okay... interesting."

A smirk formed on his lips as he picked up one of the venomous horns.

"Store."

Swish!

The horn disappeared from his hand.

"I see... so I have to touch the object and say 'Store' to put it in my inventory."

Leon raised an eyebrow. "But how do I withdraw-"

Suddenly a semi-transparent screen appeared before him.

On it, there were five slots, with two already filled—one with a knife image, the other with a horn image.

"Nice."

Leon tapped on the knife's icon.

Swish!

The knife instantly reappeared in his hand.

"Haha... this is goo—"

Suddenly, Leon's eyes widened as a realization struck him.

'Wait... I just used the skill twice—but there was no cooldown?'

His breath quickened.

"Store."

Swish!

The knife disappeared again.

"Withdraw."

The screen appeared once again and Leon clicked on the knife image once again.

Swish!

The knife reappeared in his hand.

"...Wait, what? This isn't supposed to happen."

Leon quickly opened the skill description.

[Name: Inventory]

[Rank: F]

[Description: Grants the ability to store up to five items in a personal sub-space, max weight 10kg each. Items remain in perfect condition.

This skill can be leveled up after a specific number of uses. Each level-up increases slots by 1 and weight capacity by 2 kg.]

[Mana: 30 per use]

[Cooldown: 10 minutes]

"It says cooldown is 10 minutes... then how am I using it freely?!"

"Wait—what's my mana?"

[Mana: 120/150]

Leon's eyes widened.

"...That means I only used 30 mana."

And then it hit him.

"Fucking hell... It's a bug." Excitement flashed across his face as he rushed to the pile of rabbit meat.

He touched it.

"Store."

Swish!

10kg of meat disappeared.

He touched another pile.

"Store."

Swish!

The remaining 6kg vanished.

"Knife, Meat 1, Meat 2, Horns... That's four items. Withdraw." Leon spoke.

The inventory screen popped up again. This time, four out of the five boxes were filled.

Leon clicked on the knife.

Swish!

It reappeared in his hand.

"Store."

Swish!

The knife vanished once more.

"Okay... Now, time for judgement."

He touched the rabbit fur.

"Store."

Swish!

It disappeared.

"Withdraw."

....Nothing happened.

"Inventory."

[Skill {Inventory} is on cooldown. 9:57 remaining.]

Leon's lips curled into an evil grin.

"So that means my suspicion was right... As long as the inventory isn't full, I can keep using it without triggering the cooldown.

Heh... this is gonna be fun."

[Author: Hello Guys, Hope you guys are enjoying the novel 😀.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: Adaptive Body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun had dipped below the horizon, bleeding crimson across the sky, while twin moons climbed higher, casting a silvery glow over the land. The soft chirping of insects and rustling leaves accompanied Leon's weary footsteps as he trudged through the forest. His entire body ached, exhaustion weighing down on him like a lead blanket.

[Mana: 10/150]

[Inventory (F3)]

'I had to use this skill twenty-five damn times just to level it up twice...' Leon groaned internally. 'Four hours and twenty minutes wasted, just to increase my inventory slots. At least now I can store up to 14kg per item.'

His fingers twitched. Every limb felt heavy, sluggish. He could barely keep himself upright.

'And the worst part? If my mana drops below fifteen, my body feels like absolute shit. It's like something's sucking the life out of me—I can barely move, let alone think straight.'

His eyelids threatened to close as his steps slowed, but then—

"Wait... I should use that."

Leon gritted his teeth and activated his next skill.

[Extreme mana loss detected.]

[Mana absorption pores opening...]

[Mana absorption increased by 15%.]

[Low stamina detected. Converting stored fats into energy.]

Suddenly—

A strange, intense sensation rushed through him.

His stomach hollowed out slightly, his body tightening—before a surge of pure energy flooded his veins.

Leon's breath hitched.

"What the fuck...?"

He looked down at himself. His muscles felt stronger, his senses sharper. It was as if something had rewired his body, fueling him with raw hunger and vitality.

Energetic... and hungry.

A slow smirk tugged at his lips.

'This is interesting.'

Without another thought, Leon ran—his feet pounding against the dirt, the cold night air whipping against his face.

[Condition saved: {Mana Deficiency}.]

[Body will now adapt faster to this condition in future.]

He ignored the notifications. His thoughts completely focused on running.

In just a few minutes, he arrived at the village's gate.

Leon didn't slow down as he saw the two guards standing on the gate with mocking smiles on their faces.

"Leon?"

"You're alive?"

"You know the Chief's son was looking for y—"

The guards barely had time to react before he breezed past them, ignoring their words completely.

....

Finally, Leon reached in front of his house...

Knock. Knock.

He rapped twice on the door, shifting on his feet.

A few seconds later—

"Comiiiing~"

Elaine's sweet, melodic voice rang from inside.

Leon froze.

A slow shiver curled down his spine.

'Fucking hell, Her voice is like warm honey in my ears. I can jerk off to her voice...' Leon thought as more perverted ideas started taking over his mind.

He swallowed hard. His cock twitched.

Click.

Creeeak.

The door swung open—

And the first thing Leon saw was a pair of massive, jiggling tits.

Boing-Boing.

His entire body stiffened.

Elaine stood in front of him, her smile radiant—but all he could focus on was the way her heavy boobs that bounced as she shifted slightly, her thin dress hugging her curves far too perfectly.

'Fucking hell...'

"Welcome back, Leo." she murmured, her lips curling into a warm smile.

Leon's throat went dry.

"Hello, Mom," he replied, barely holding his composure as he stepped inside.

But deep down—he was frustrated.

'No hugs today, I guess.' Leon thought.

'Yesterday, she grabbed my face and buried me in-between her huge boobs. I need that feeling again... I want to be suffocated between those huge, soft fucking pillows.' Leon thought with as his smile turned into a perverted one.

His thoughts were cut short when—

"Did you bring it? Did you bring it ?"

Selene's excited voice rang through the hall.

Leon looked behind Elaine and his entire world tilted.

Selene came rushing toward him—her bare tits bouncing wildly.

Pink, perky nipples. Swollen with wilk and some bite marks over them.

Leon's cock twitched violently.

His pants suddenly felt too fucking tight.

"Selene!" Elaine sighed. "At least wash properly before coming out like that. Your breasts are completely exposed!"

But Selene didn't seem to care. She was practically bouncing in place, her massive tits jiggling with every movement.

Leon couldn't tear his eyes away.

Her huge, soft pink areolas stood out against her pale skin covered in the bite marks of her daughter, the little drops of milk clinging to her flushed nipples making his mouth water.

'Fuck me...'

His cock throbbed, straining against his pants.

'Those are unreal.'

His breathing hitched.

Desperately, Leon shoved a hand into his pocket, gripping his cock hard—trying anything to stop it from pitching a visible tent in his pants.

'I want to hang on her boobs, play with them, bite them and leave my marks over them. I will make her my property after Elaine.' Leon thought as he cleared his second target.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: let me clean you
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wait... You didn't bring any meat? But you said you'd bring meat tonight." Selene pouted, her soft lips forming an adorable frown. She stuffed her massive, jiggling tits back into her bodice, her fingers squeezing them into place, making them bounce deliciously.

Leon swallowed hard.

"Ah... Yeah, meat." He forced a casual smile, turning toward the door.

Elaine and Selene exchanged confused glances as Leon quickly stepped outside.

'Fuck! I almost messed up. I can't use magic in front of them before the Class-Identification Ceremony.'

Gritting his teeth, he activated his skill.

A translucent screen appeared in front of him, displaying seven compartments filled with supplies. His eyes scanned the options.

"Meat, meat... here." He muttered, selecting the 6kg slab of thick, juicy meat. Instantly, it materialized in his hands, still as fresh and red as the moment he'd stored it.

When he reentered the house, the scent of raw flesh filled the air.

Both of them immediately reacted.

"M-Mom... it's meat," Selene gasped, her body trembling. Her thighs squeezed together, and her breath hitched.

Elaine stepped forward, eyes locked on the fresh cut in Leon's hands. "I... I can't believe it's real," she whispered, reaching out to stroke the meat, her fingers gliding over its firm texture.

'Damn... she looks like she's touching something else entirely,' Leon thought, biting his lip as he suppressed a grin.

"Well then, Mom. Here. Make us something delicious tonight." He handed over the meat.

Elaine hesitated. "I-I will... but isn't this too much? It must have cost a fortu—"

"Don't worry, Mom." He cut her off smoothly. "It's just meat."

He turned toward the back door. "I'll go clean up before dinner."

Without another word, he stepped into the cool night air. The backyard was enclosed by wooden fences, and a small stone well stood in the center. The moonlight shimmered off its rippling water.

Leon grabbed the rope, lowering the bucket into the well. But as he pulled it back up, a sharp burn ran through his arms.

'This body is weak as fuck... No proper food, no sleep. No wonder my stamina is trash.'

'I need to train... Build muscle... I could create a skill that enhances workouts or one that heals my muscles while I push them to their limits.'

'If I get more power... I will automatically get more women. A harem of thick, juicy MILFs dripping just for me. I could have them kneeling, worshipping—'

"Hey, are you okay?"

A soft, almost seductive voice snapped him from his scheming.

"H-Huh?" He flinched.

Selene stood right beside him, her delicate fingers tracing over his hand.

She smiled. "You looked lost in thought."

"It's nothing," Leon muttered, glancing away. "I was just about to wash up."

"Let me help you," Selene whispered, taking the rope from his grip effortlessly. "You've done so much today... I need to thank you in a way and this is the least I can do."

"You don't have to—"

Before he could finish, Selene's dress slipped off her shoulders, pooling at her feet.

Leon's breath caught in his throat.

She was completely bare—except for a single, thin, soaking wet white panty that clung to her dripping cunt.

His gaze immediately snapped to the dark, unruly curls peeking out from the top. Fuck.

His cock twitched. Hard.

"Umm... why did you get naked?" he asked, forcing a casual smile.

Selene blinked, tilting her head. "What do you mean? I don't want my clothes to get wet."

She stepped closer, pressing her soft, pillowy tits against his arm. Her breath tickled his neck. "Now, get naked fast. Sit down and let me wash you."

'Fuck it... If the water is coming to the thirsty, Why should I say no to it ?' Leon thought for only a second before peeling off his clothes.

'Wait... Did her affection shoot up just because I brought her some fucking meat? If that's all it takes...'

A wicked grin stretched across his lips, but before he could complete his thought—

BOING-BOING.

Two massive, soft, and impossibly warm tits slammed into Leon's back, molding against his skin like they were meant to be there.

And then—

Drip. Drip.

A thick, warm liquid spilled onto his back, rolling down his skin in slow, milky trails.

"Anhh~" Selene let out a shaky, breathy moan, her body trembling as the sensation overtook her.

Leon froze.

His cock throbbed, aching inside his tight underwear.

Selene gasped. "Oh no... my milk is leaking out again." She cupped her heavy tits, her fingers barely able to contain their sheer size as creamy white droplets beaded at the tips of her stiff, pink nipples.

Leon turned around slowly, his breath hitching.

His eyes locked onto her dripping breasts, the pearly liquid oozing down the smooth curves, unstoppable, constant, deliciously obscene.

'Holy. Fuck. I need to suck that.'

His mouth watered. His hands itched to grab those milky tits, to squeeze, to devour.

Selene whimpered. "Oh my god... Jenny is asleep, what do I do? If I store it in a bowl, it'll spoil... but I don't have another way."

She bent down, her jiggling tits swaying, as she reached for her dress on the ground, still dripping, her thick ass jutting out, her panties soaked in arousal juices.

And right there—

Leon saw his chance.

His pulse pounded. His cock made a decision.

"I-I can suck on them... for you." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Wha-" Before Selene could've completed her sentence, she raised her head and noticed Leon's dick standing up in his Underwear.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: Milky-Milky
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I can suck them... if you don't want to waste the milk."

Leon's voice was calm, composed, but his eyes betrayed him—glowing with raw, predatory hunger as they stayed fixed on Selene's dripping, swollen tits.

Selene froze, her breath catching.

Her thick thighs rubbed together instinctively, her face burning with shame.

'Oh god... should I really let him? He's my brother... but if I don't get rid of this milk, it'll keep flowing. My clothes will get drenched... and—his c-cock—'

Her gaze flickered downward, landing on the throbbing bulge straining against his underwear.

Her breath hitched once again.

'It's... huge...'

Leon tilted his head. "Umm... Are you okay with it? I mean, you can just go inside and store it in a—"

"No!"

She cut him off, speaking too quickly, as if afraid she'd regret it if she thought too much.

Her legs moved on their own, stepping closer—her massive, milk-laden boobs jiggling with each movement, droplets of creamy white milk still trickling from her stiff, pink nipples.

Leon's cock throbbed painfully, the sight alone making him feel like he could burst.

'Don't worry buddy... Your time is coming closer. You will be out of my underwear soon.' Leon thought in his mind.

"D-Do you want me to come closer?" Selene asked, her voice shaking.

"Nope."

His hands lunged forward, grabbing her massive, overflowing tits without hesitation.

SQUISH.

Her soft flesh molded against his palms, warm and supple, leaking even more as he dug his fingers in, rolling her swollen nipples beneath his thumbs.

Selene's back arched involuntarily. "A-Anhhh~" A slutty moan escaped her lips, her breath coming out in desperate, shuddering gasps.

Leon's fingers found her stiff, throbbing peaks, pressing against them—

And then, with deliberate slowness, he began to roll them between his fingers.

"Nnnhhh~ W-What are you doing...?"

Selene's voice quivered, her thick thighs squeezing together.

"I'm just massaging them to get the flow right. If I do it properly, the milk will come out faster." Leon's tone was neutral, but the way his fingers moved—deliberate, expert, merciless—told a different story.

Selene gasped. "I-It feels weird... but..."

"Does it hurt?"

"N-No... but..."

"Good."

Before she could finish, Leon's mouth latched onto her nipple—

SUCK.

The moment his lips closed around her aching, sensitive teat, a flood of warm, creamy milk shot straight into his mouth.

"Ahh—!" Selene trembled violently, her knees almost giving out.

Leon's tongue swirled around her areola, lapping up every drop of her forbidden nectar before sucking harder.

SUCK—SQUISH—SUCK.

His hands kneaded her massive tits, squeezing and pumping the warm, rich milk into his eager mouth.

Selene's head tilted back, her lips parted, her body betraying her.

'Oh god... oh god... I'm getting wet—just from this?! How long has it been since I had sex ? And why am I getting wet by my own step-brother's touch. '

Her panties were soaked—not just with milk, but with her own leaking pre-cum.

Leon's other hand pinched her unattended nipple, rolling it firmly between his teeth, stretching it slightly before biting down—

"AHH—!"

Selene jerked, her body shuddering violently.

'Oh fuck—he's too good at this! His tongue—his mouth—his hands—ahhh~! Where did he learn to suck tits like that ?'

Wet stains darkened her thin, white panties, the outline of her sopping-wet slit now perfectly visible.

Leon smirked against her tit.

'What a weak little MILF... she's getting completely drenched just from having her tits sucked like a filthy cow.'

He pinched her sensitive peak between his teeth—

Pulled back.

Selene shook, her hips twitching, her pussy throbbing painfully.

Leon sucked harder.

"Mnnn—hhhnngh—s-stop—ahh! I-It's too much—!"

Her legs trembled, her breath came out in short, desperate pants—

And then—

"Come, you two! Dinner is ready!"

Elaine's voice cut through the air.

Selene flinched violently, yanking her tits out of Leon's mouth, her face flushed in pure, desperate humiliation.

"T-That's enough! I-I'll clean your back another time!"

She grabbed her dress, turning away quickly—but—

Leon's eyes glinted wickedly as he spotted something.

Her bodice's string—left behind on the ground.

He smirked.

"Hey, Selene... you left something."

He picked it up and tossed it toward the well.

Selene turned, bending down to retrieve it—

And at that moment—

Leon got the perfect view.

Her thick, juicy ass was fully exposed, the thin, soaked fabric of her panties leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination.

The wet stain on her panties was huge—and worse—

Her pussy lips were clearly visible, the fabric clinging so tightly it was as if she were already naked.

LICK.

Leon's tongue slid over his lips as he leaned forward—

And took a deep but slow sniff without her knowing.

SNIFFFFFFFFFF.

A depraved grin spread across his face.

'Diabolical... the scent of a MILF's soaked, desperate pussy. What a weak little thing... she came just from a tit massage. I wonder how hard she'll break when I make her climax over and over again... like a bitch in heat.'

He smirked, his cock throbbing violently.

Selene shuddered. She knew he saw. She knew he knew.

Her face burned in pure, filthy humiliation.

And yet—

She didn't move.

As if... some part of her wanted him to see, But she left after that trying to forget what just happened.

[Author: Just tell me, This is it. That you guys want. Send the book power stones and add the book to collection because more Chapters are coming soon. Stay tuned.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: Make one if you can’t find
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After cleaning his body with water, Leon walked back into the house and noticed that Selene and Elaine are already sitting on the ground with greedy and hungry looks on their faces.

Leon noticed that they weren't eating the juicy roasted meat in front of them.

"What are you guys waiting for ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"Well, Just to show our appreciation for you as the man of this house. We were saving the first serving for you and once you eat... We will start to eat as well." Elaine spoke with a smile.

'Ah... I forgot that they appreciate the man of the house before their meal as an honour to him. Giving him the first serving of the food he had brought home.' Leon thought in his mind as he sat right next to Elaine and looked at Selene.

Her expression was still a little shy but it was being defeated by her greed already.

Her mouth was watering after seeing all the meat in front of her.

"Well then... This one is for the lovely family." Leon spoke with a smile as he took a small piece of meat and ate it.

'Hmm... Smooth and soft texture, I haven't tasted this kind of meat before. Even though it hasn't been seasoned much, it still tastes very tasty after being roasted this much.

Even the salt is so expensive that they couldn't afford it and yet I can't fucking understand how both of them have such plump bodies.' Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Is it good ?" Selene asked with a hungry expression.

"Yeah... Dig in." Leon replied with a smile.

"Oh... I will." Selene spoke as she immediately took a big chunk of meat and started eating it without wasting another second.

Elaine also took a big chunk of meat and stuffed it into her mouth.

They were eating the meat as if it's going to fly away from the table any moment.

....

After eating the dinner... Leon walked out of the house in order to take a small walk.

'Well then... Let's get started.' Leon thought in his mind as an evil smile appeared over his face and he activated the skill.

[Please name the skill...]

"Lustful Thoughts"

[Skill 'Lustful Desure' has been created.]

[Rank set to 'F' by default.]

[State the skill's function.]

"When activated, this skill will open a short gateway to the target's unconscious mind and implant one single lustful thought into the target's unconscious mind.

Once used skill can be re-used but every re-cast will increase the skill's cooldown by one hour." Leon spoke as a foxy smile appeared over his face.

[Processing....]

[Description has been accepted.]

"Well, Well... Looks like my prediction was correct." Leon spoke with a big smile as he looked at the screen in front of him.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Lustful thoughts}.]

"Misk" Leon spoke with a smile.

[Chant 'Misk' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 5 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 54 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Learn..." Leon spoke.

[Congratulations ! You have learned the skill {Lustful thoughts} Successfully.]

'I made this skill in order to corrupt Elaine and Selene, but when I was eating the dinner. An idea came inside my mind and if this worked... It will be a big breakthrough.

Last time I found a bug in the inventory skill but this time... I am trying to create one, by not giving specific details to the description and making it seem like a really stupid skill with that big of a cooldown but I haven't given any specific number of re-cast on it.

That means, I should be able to use this skill again and again until I turn it off manually.' Leon thought as he smiled evilly.

"Leon come in... Let's sleep." Elaine's sweet voice rang from the inside of the house.

"Time to test my new skill hehehehe..." Leo. Thought with an evil smile as he went inside the house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: Guinea Pig
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon stepped into the house, the faint sound of running water caught his attention. Elaine stood in the kitchen, her hips swaying slightly as she washed the dishes, unaware of his presence. Leon's gaze lingered for a moment before he turned toward the bedroom, anticipation curling in his chest as a smirk tugged at his lips.

Click.

Pushing the door open, Leon's eyes immediately fell upon Selene. She sat cross-legged on her mattress, her daughter latched onto her breast, suckling eagerly. Her full, heavy breasts shifted with each breath she took, the rosy tips slightly swollen from feeding.

A single drop of milk clung to the nipple not in use, glistening against her pale skin. The soft, wet sounds of feeding mixed with Selene's shallow breaths, filling the quiet room with a sensual rhythm.

*Suck-Suck-Suck*

But tonight... something was different.

The moment Selene's gaze met Leon's, a jolt of heat surged through her body, sharp and sudden. Her pulse quickened, her chest rising and falling as warmth pooled between her thighs, soaking her panties with embarrassing ease.

Her nipples, already sensitive from breastfeeding, stiffened further, sending sparks of pleasure through her chest and down to her womb.

'Why am I feeling this?' she thought, biting her lower lip to suppress a soft whimper.

'Is it because of Leon? No... that can't be it. I've just... gone without for too long. But... after what happened outside—'

"What's wrong with your face? You're completely red." Leon's voice was a low, rumbling timbre that seemed to vibrate straight through her body. He stepped closer, and the faint, masculine scent of his sweat drifted toward her—raw, intoxicating, and impossibly arousing.

Selene's thighs pressed tightly together as a fresh wave of heat bloomed inside her.

Her pussy clenching with a need that made her toes curl. Her breath hitched as she shifted, her damp panties clinging to her sensitive folds in a way that only made the ache more unbearable.

'No... I can't let this happen. This is wrong. But... his scent... it's making my womb pulse. My body is not recognising him as my brother anymore but only a male.'

"N-Nothing! It's just... really hot in here, haha..." she stammered, her voice trembling as she forced a nervous smile. Her fingers clutched the mattress tightly, nails digging into the fabric as she struggled to suppress the rising heat within her.

"I see..." Leon replied calmly, though a hint of amusement glinted in his eyes as he walked to his mattress and lay down.

'She's definitely in heat,' Leon thought, watching her from the corner of his eye. The faint flush coloring her cheeks, the way her thighs shifted as if trying to relieve the ache between them—it was all too obvious. 'The more she ignores it, the stronger it'll get. All I need to do is wait...' A slow, wicked grin curled his lips. 'Or... I could use her as my guinea pig. Let's test if my skill is working before using it on Elaine.'

"Misk..." he whispered under his breath, barely loud enough to hear.

"Hm? Did you say something?" Selene asked, tilting her head slightly.

"No, nothing."

Leon kept his gaze fixed on the ceiling as the translucent screen appeared before his eyes.

[Select Target...]

Without hesitation, his gaze flicked toward Selene.

[Target Locked.]

[Thought will now be recorded and sent to the target's unconscious mind.]

'Your nipple's getting too sensitive... Switch to the other one.'

[Thought sent.]

Seconds ticked by. Then a full minute. Two.

'Is it not working?' Leon wondered, frustration creeping in as Selene continued feeding with the same breast. But just as he considered trying again, she shifted slightly—then, without hesitation, switched the baby to her other nipple.

Leon's pulse quickened as heat coiled low in his belly. 'It worked...'

But before he could savor the moment, his gaze drifted to the wooden jug of water resting above him on a nearby shelf.

'I need to confirm it...' Leon thought as he used the skill again.

"Misk."

[Select Target]

[Selene]

[New Target+]

Leon selected Selene's name again, this time crafting the thought with more intensity.

'Your throat is parched and lips are dry from eating all that meat... You need to drink lots of water. Now.'

[Thought sent.]

Selene shifted almost immediately, licking her lips as if parched. Her tongue, pink and wet, glided slowly across her lower lip before disappearing back into her mouth.

"Hey... Can you pass me that jug of water?" she asked, her voice slightly husky, breathless with an undertone she didn't seem to notice.

Leon's pulse pounded in his ears as heat pooled hot and heavy in his stomach. 'It's working... hehehe.'

He immediately started weaving the thoughts that he was going to send to Elaine's Mind while she get's aroused by the 'Touch of Lust.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: Hand Job
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The house was silent, shrouded in darkness. The soft breaths of the sleeping household filled the air.

Everyone was asleep—except for one.

Leon lay awake, his body relaxed but his mind sharp. His heart pounded with anticipation as he whispered to himself:

'Alright... Let's do this.'

A wave of clarity washed over him. The darkness melted away, and his vision sharpened. Every detail became vivid—the faint rise and fall of Elaine's chest, the subtle way her lips parted as she exhaled, and, most importantly, the sinful curve of her ass as she lay on her side, back turned toward him.

His gaze lingered.

She was draped in a thin, sheer purple nightgown that clung deliciously to her body. The soft fabric did little to hide the fullness of her hips, the luscious swell of her ass, or the way the lace of her panties peeked through, teasing him with glimpses of forbidden skin.

'Fuck... You might as well be naked,' Leon mused, his lips curling into a smirk.

The way the fabric clung to her body, riding up ever so slightly, left his cock hardening in response. She shifted slightly, her thigh rubbing against itself, causing her gown to rise just a bit more.

'If you sleep dressed like this, what man wouldn't lose control?'

His fingers itched with the need to touch her. Slowly, carefully, he placed his hand over the supple flesh of her hip, his palm pressing against the curve of her ass. Even through the fabric, she was soft, warm, enticing.

A thrill rushed through him as he activated his next skill.

"Remis..."

A slow, invisible wave of arousal rippled through Elaine's sleeping body, seeping into her core like a drug. A subtle shudder passed through her, her thighs pressing closer together as the spell wove its magic.

For a few minutes, nothing happened. But then—

"Mnhhh~"

A tiny, breathy moan slipped past Elaine's lips. Her body stirred, her thighs rubbing together more insistently. The way she shifted, pressing her ass deeper into the mattress, made the heat in Leon's gut flare.

'Perfect. Now... let's take this further.'

He whispered again.

"Misk..."

[Select Target]

[Elaine]

[Target Locked.]

[Thought will now be recorded and sent to the target's unconscious mind.]

Moving carefully, he guided her hand to his dick, pressing her fingers against the throbbing hardness beneath his pants. The heat of her palm against him sent a jolt of pleasure straight through his body.

'You are feeling very horny and your pussy can't stop throbbing like crazy. You will wake up and notice that your hand is over your son's hard dick.

Once you notice the hardness of his dick-'

[Thought sent.]

'What the fuck !? I wasn't finished.'

Elaine let out another sigh, shifting again, her fingers twitching slightly over his cock.

Leon nearly groaned. Her delicate touch, even through his pants, was maddening. He bit his lower lip, watching as her expression twisted with unconscious need.

"Mmh... so warm..." she murmured sleepily.

Her lashes fluttered, her breath coming faster.

And then, as if drawn by an unseen force, her fingers flexed around him.

A spark of awareness flickered in her hazy mind. Slowly, her eyes cracked open. The room was dark.

'Why do I feel... so hot?'

She licked her lips. Her skin tingled, the heat pooling low in her belly spreading like wildfire.

Then she felt it, something hard beneath her palm bulging.

Her breathing hitched, and her fingers instinctively pressed down, feeling the rigid length throbbing beneath them.

'Oh god... My hand is on my son's cock.'

A sharp jolt of pleasure shot through her core at the realization. Her already aching pussy clenched, her inner walls pulsing with need.

'Did I... do this in my sleep?'

Her mind screamed at her to pull away, to pretend it never happened, but her body... her body betrayed her.

Her clit throbbed painfully, desperate for attention. The wet heat between her thighs was unbearable, her panties sticking to her soaked folds. The ache inside her only grew stronger as she continued to feel Leon's cock through his pants.

'It's so big... So hard... Is he suffering because of this?'

Her breath shuddered. The thought of Leon, desperate and pent up, only made her arousal worse.

Before she could stop herself, her free hand slipped down.

A shiver ran through her body as her fingertips pressed against her drenched panties.

'Ah... I'm soaked...'

Her body trembled as she rubbed slow, teasing circles over her aching clit. She barely noticed the way her grip on Leon's dick tightened slightly, her fingers stroking him unconsciously as waves of pleasure rolled through her.

'Holy fuck... My own step-mother is giving me a fucking hand-jon while rubbing her bushy pussy. This is the Best.' Leon thought in his mind as another evil idea entered his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: Direct Contact
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Schlick Schlick Schlick

Elaine's fingers moved in a fevered rhythm, her slick folds glistening as she pleasured herself with unrestrained desire. In her other hand, she gripped Leon's thick dick, stroking it with a slow, uncertain pace.

'If she keeps moving her hand like that, I won't cum in a thousand years...' Leon thought, frustration flickering in his mind.

'I need to do something-'

But before he could act, Elaine suddenly paused, her fingers slipping away from his cock.

"It's still so hard..." she murmured in a hushed voice, almost to herself. "I guess I need to touch it directly."

Leon's breath hitched at her words, excitement coursing through his veins.

'Fuck yes... do it directly.' His mind raced with anticipation as he felt the soft tug of fingers slipping beneath his waistband.

The cool air kissed his exposed skin as Elaine pulled his pants down, her warm, delicate hand wrapping around his length with newfound confidence.

"Remis..." Leon whispered, his voice a mere breath against the night.

The moment her skin touched his, the arousal surged through her body. Elaine let out a shuddering gasp as an electrifying wave of pleasure coursed through her.

'Haa... this feeling again...' Her mind spiraled into blissful chaos, her thighs trembling as arousal flooded her senses non-stop.

Her hand tightened around his dick, her strokes growing more eager, more desperate.

'Why does my body react like this to my son? It's like I'm craving something only he can give me...' she thought, biting her lower lip. Her breath came in ragged pants as she pumped his thick shaft, her own fingers plunging into her soaked pussy with equal intensity.

Her grip on Leon's dick became firmer, her strokes faster. The lewd, wet sounds of her own pleasure filled the air, suddenly Leon could no longer hold back.

'Shit... she's getting too good at this—'

His body tensed. The pleasure built rapidly, a tight coil in his core that was seconds away from snapping.

'Fuck, I'm gonna cummm—'

With a low, guttural groan, he spilled his thick ropes of white semen painting Elaine's flushed face and ample boobs.

The thick smell of Leon's cum and the sheer filthiness of the act, was too much for her to bear at the moment.

"C-Cummming~... Anhhn~"

Her body arched as she reached a big orgasam and in order to keep her voice low she immediately covered her mouth with her hand that was already covered in Leon's semen.

Despite her attempt to stay quiet, a sinful moan slipped past her lips, the raw pleasure making her body tremble.

Leon let out a heavy breath, his muscles relaxing as exhaustion overtook him.

'Haa... that was perfect. A much-needed release with the soft hands of such a busty MILF...' His thoughts faded into darkness as he drifted into sleep.

---

The Next Morning...

Selene stirred awake, her senses still hazy from sleep. She blinked groggily before something sharp and intoxicating invaded her nostrils.

Sniff-Sniff

A deep shiver ran down her spine as the thick, unmistakable scent of semen lingered in the air.

Her face instantly flushed.

'W-What is this smell...?'

Her eyes darted to Leon, and immediately, her breath hitched.

A massive tent stretched his pants, the outline of his cock straining against the fabric. Dark spots marked his crotch, hinting at what had occurred during the night.

'Oh my god... did he... masturbate last night?'

Her cheeks burned with heat as a strange, forbidden curiosity slithered into her mind.

Unconsciously, her hand drifted downward, slipping beneath the fabric of her panties.

'What is wrong with his size...? Even my husband isn't that big... then why does he—'

Click

The sudden creak of the door startled her, and she quickly shut her eyes, pretending to be asleep.

"Wake up, you tw—" Elaine's words faltered as soon as she caught sight of Leon's morning wood.

Her body stiffened.

'S-So big...!?'

Her thighs instinctively pressed together as her neglected pussy clenched.

Leon groggily opened his eyes, stretching lazily. "Hmm...? Morning already?"

Elaine's gaze remained locked onto his hard dick, her expression unreadable.

"Mom ?" he called, amusement creeping into his tone.

She jolted, her face burning crimson.

"H-Huh?! Yes! Wake up—it's morning!" she stammered, scrambling toward the door. "I-I'll prepare breakfast!"

Leon smirked as he watched her flee in embarrassment.

'Heh... she's completely in heat. That much is obvious.'

His amusement was cut short by the sudden wail of Selene's infant daughter.

"Uwaaahhhhhh..."

Selene stirred, letting out a soft sigh. "Yes, yes... I know it's your feeding time."

She sat up, adjusting her clothes—only for her eyes to briefly flicker back toward Leon's junk.

A flash of heat flared in her gaze before she quickly turned her attention back to her child.

Leon grinned.

'Well, well... that makes two of them.'

With a satisfied stretch, he rose from bed, already looking forward to what the day might bring.

---

Breakfast...

Freshly dressed, Leon joined Elaine and Selene at the wooden dining table. The smell of cooked meat and warm bread filled the air, but his thoughts remained far from food.

"So... will you bring more meat today?" Selene asked, her voice carrying a hint of anticipation.

Elaine shot her a disapproving look. "Selene, don't pressure him. Leon, you don't have to do anything today. Just focus on preparing for your Class Identification Ceremony."

Leon hummed in response, only half-listening.

'This ceremony is a defining moment for every child in the village. A single blessing from the church could shape their entire future. Farmer, warrior, mage... the possibilities were endless.

If you come up as a mage, archer, alchemist or swordsman class, your parents will send you to the magic academy.

Other classes are just ordinary.

But honestly? I am not too concerned. Whatever class I get, it doesn't matter much since I am just here to fuck MILFs.

Meh... might as well go. It's not like I have anything better to do today.'

As he casually ate his breakfast, an idea flickered in his mind.

Beneath the table, he slowly extended his foot, brushing it against Elaine's bare leg.

She tensed at the unexpected contact.

Her eyes darted toward him, searching his expression—but Leon remained perfectly neutral, as if nothing had happened.

'Must have been a mistake...' she told herself, shaking off the strange sensation.

But then...

"Remis."

"Heeek—!"

A tiny, startled squeak escaped her lips before she could stop it.

Leon's smirk widened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: Need some Help ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Under the Influence of Lust...

The moment Leon activated his skill, Elaine's body betrayed her. A sharp wave of arousal crashed through her, making her breath hitch.

A fresh warmth spread between her legs—her new panties, which she had changed just this morning, were now completely soaked once again.

'No... no... Why is my body doing this to me?' Elaine thought, a mixture of panic and confusion washing over her.

Her heart pounded as she abruptly stood up, breaking the skin contact between them.

"I'm done eating. You guys eat, I'll... go finish some chores."

Her voice came out hurried, breathless. Without waiting for a response, she turned and quickly walked out the backdoor, her red face betraying just how flustered she was.

Selene blinked in confusion.

"What's up with her?" she asked, turning toward Leon.

Leon only smiled. "No idea."

He casually turned back to his plate, but in reality, his mind was already working.

'Let's see what I'm working with here...'

[ Name: Selene ]

[ Class: Housewife ]

[ Race: Human ]

[ Mana: 50/50 ]

[ HP: 100/100 ]

[ Description: A normal housewife. Vulnerable under pressure. ]

'Hmm... I should use this skill more often.'

He glanced at Selene, his smirk widening slightly.

"So, What class did you get in this ceremony or whatever?" Leon asked with a smile.

"What do you think my class is?" she asked, her lips curling into a small smile.

"Housewife?" he replied without hesitation.

Selene chuckled. "You already knew that, didn't you?"

Leon shrugged. "Nope. Just a lucky guess. And from the look on your face, I guess I was right."

"You are," Selene admitted, still smiling. "My class is Housewife. It lets me cook good food, take care of children, and... well, do other things."

Leon nodded, but before he could respond, something caught his attention.

A thin trickle of white liquid had begun to seep through Selene's nightgown, staining the fabric.

"Ah... it's leaking," he commented, pointing his fork toward her chest with a completely neutral expression.

Selene's eyes widened. "What?"

She followed his gaze downward and froze.

"Oh, shit..." she whispered, quickly standing up. The milk had started dripping more visibly now, her gown clinging to her full, swollen breasts.

She hurried toward the kitchen, muttering curses under her breath.

Leon smirked.

'Opportunity, Yes.'

Without hesitation, he stood up and followed her.

---

Inside the kitchen, Selene was already standing by the counter, a wooden bowl in hand.

Her movements were quick, practiced—she had done this a hundred times before. She reached down, pulling her gown aside to free one of her heavy, milk-laden boob.

Just as she was about to squeeze it, a deep voice whispered into her ear.

"Would you like me to help you?"

Selene's entire body went rigid.

A shiver crawled up her spine, a mix of surprise and something far more arousing.

"W-What?" she stammered, her voice unsteady.

Leon leaned in closer, his breath hot against her neck.

"Do you want me to massage them? It'll help you milk them more efficiently," he murmured, his voice low and dripping with lust. "I can be very gentle..."

Selene's breath hitched.

Heat flared across her cheeks, her mind momentarily blanking and her ears started to get really warm.

This was wrong. This was so wrong.

And yet...

"W-Why not...?"

The words slipped past her lips before she could even think.

Leon smirked. 'She's really vulnerable under pressure.'

Moving slowly, deliberately, he slid his hands over her waist, his fingers trailing beneath the thin fabric of her nightgown.

Selene's breath grew shaky as she felt his warm hands inching higher... higher...

Then—

A sharp inhale escaped her as Leon cupped both of her full, sensitive boobs.

Her eyes fluttered shut.

It had been so long... since she had felt a man's hands on her like this. It was even different from yesterday evening.

Leon kneaded her soft flesh with practiced ease, his thumbs circling over her nipples, teasing the sensitive buds as he covered her nipples and areolas with her own milk.

Selene bit her lip, her knees feeling weak as he pressed himself closer against her back.

The hard ridge of his cock throbbed against her plump ass, and her breath caught in her throat.

"How does it feel?" Leon whispered, his fingers flicking over her nipples. His voice as calm as a sea.

"G-Good..." Selene admitted, her voice trembling.

Her thoughts were a mess. Her body was betraying her.

She should stop this.

She should push him away as a good sister...

But instead, she stayed still, letting his strong hands dominate her completely.

Leon smirked.

'She's melting in my hands... watching porn and woman anatomy wasn't for nothing.'

His fingers pressed firmly against her swollen nipples, halting the flow of milk momentarily before he began to squeeze and massage her boobs even more.

"Your breasts need to get closer to the bowl," he whispered, his lips brushing against her ear.

Selene shuddered.

"Y-Yes..."

Almost instinctively, she bent forward, pressing her soft, milk-filled breasts toward the bowl.

Leon smirked as he removed his fingers from her nipples—

And immediately, milk squirted from her breasts, splashing into the bowl below.

A deep groan rumbled in his chest.

The way her tits twitched with every squeeze, the way the milk sprayed out in thick spurts—it was driving him crazy.

His cock throbbed harder against her ass, straining against his pants.

But Selene said nothing.

She simply let him continue as she got man-handled by her step-brother.

Seeing this, Leon was more than ready to push the limits as far as they could go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: Very Close
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the kitchen, the atmosphere grew hotter with each passing second.

Leon's hands firmly gripped Selene's soft, swollen breasts, kneading them expertly as thick streams of milk squirted into the wooden bowl below.

With every squeeze, Selene's breath hitched. Her body trembled—her arousal heightened beyond reason.

The reason?

The moment Leon activated his skill, her body betrayed her completely. A deep, intoxicating heat spread through her, making her nipples throb under his teasing fingers.

And Leon wasn't done yet.

His hardened cock pressed against her plump, round ass, grinding against her with slow, deliberate movements. Teasing her slowly.

Selene's hands gripped the edge of the counter, her breath coming in soft, shaky pants.

Then, a whisper—smooth, deep, laced with dangerous seduction.

"Do you feel good?"

Leon's voice sent shivers down her spine as he activated another skill.

'You feel very, very horny from your brother's touch. Send thoughts to Selene.' Leon ordered in his mind.

The mental command slipped effortlessly into Selene's mind.

[Thoughts have been sent successfully.]

Selene's lips parted. A low, shaky moan escaped before she could stop it.

"Y-Yes..." she whispered, almost ashamed of how weak her voice sounded.

Her body burned with arousal but her head started to get light by the second.

'Oh my god... why do I feel so horny all of a sudden? He is my step-brother... I can't do this, I have a husband and- Oh my fucking god... how is he making my pussy release love juices just by massaging my boobs ?'

Selene's thoughts spiraled. This was so wrong.

But—

Her ass-cheeks started moving on their own.

Her plump cheeks grinding against Leon's cock, rubbing and pressing through the layers of fabric between them.

She wasn't even thinking about it, yet her body acted on its own—desperate, needy.

'No... if I don't stop this now... I-I'll end up having sex with him.'

Leon smirked as he felt her pushing back against him.

'Heh... she's in complete heat. Let's see just how far I can push her.'

With one hand still kneading her breast, he slid his other hand down—slowly, teasingly.

Fingers ghosting over her stomach...

Sliding lower...

Right above her womb...

Selene's breath hitched. It was as if her womb warned her pussy of what's to come.

His fingers reached the fabric of her panties. A jolt of pleasure shot through her.

But just as Leon's fingers brushed against her—

"Leon, if you have some clothes to wash, give them to me."

Elaine's voice shattered the tension like a cold bucket of water.

Selene's entire body jolted.

Reality crashed back in.

Her heart raced as she practically fled from the kitchen, face completely red, her swollen breasts pressing tightly against the barely-laced bodice of her nightgown.

Leon licked his lips, watching her leave with amusement.

'So close... but no worries. This is only the beginning.'

Outside, Elaine barely had time to react as Selene stormed past her and into another room, slamming the door shut.

"...Selene?" Elaine frowned in confusion. "What's wrong with her?"

Leon walked out of the kitchen, holding the bowl of his sister's milk in one hand, his expression perfectly neutral.

"I don't know," he said simply.

Before Elaine could question further, Leon casually lifted the bowl to his lips and took a sip.

Elaine blinked.

Her gaze flickered between him and the bowl.

"Do you have any clothes you want me to wash?" she asked, shaking her head.

"Yeah, I think I have some pants..." Leon trailed off as he turned to grab them. "I was wearing them last night, and they were fine, but when I woke up, I saw these weird white stains all over my—"

Before he could finish, Elaine snatched the pants from his hands.

"O-Okay! I'll wash it!" she blurted out, her face slightly pink as she hurried toward the backdoor.

Leon smirked, watching her leave.

'Heh... everything is going perfectly.'

The tension was there. The vulnerability.

They were both on edge, dangerously close to breaking.

Just a little more pressure...

He finished the rest of the milk in the bowl and placed it back in the kitchen, completely satisfied with how things were unfolding.

Then—

Knock. Knock.

A sharp, firm knock echoed through the house.

Leon raised an eyebrow.

'Hmm?'

He walked to the front door and opened it.

Click.

The sight that greeted him was unexpected.

Two guards stood at his doorstep, clad in silver armor, their chests adorned with a royal red-blue crest.

Each carried a spear in hand and a sword at their waist.

Leon remained calm as one of the guards pulled out a white parchment and glanced at it.

"Are you Leon Luster?"

Leon's smirk faded.

He met the man's gaze with a neutral expression.

"Yes."

The guard rolled up the parchment.

"We're here to take you for the Class Awakening Ceremony."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: Three Daughters
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Umm... What?" Leon asked, his brows furrowed in confusion.

"We're here to take you to the Class Awakening Ceremony. Do you have trouble hearing?" one of the guards asked, matching his perplexed expression.

"No, I heard you the first time," Leon replied, shaking his head. "But I don't understand—why would the Royal Guards come all the way here just to pick me up for the ceremony?"

The guard scoffed. "Don't flatter yourself, kid. We're not here just for you. There are other children from this village, as well as six others, waiting in those wagons." He gestured toward the line of carriages outside.

"By the King's decree, we are to collect all young talents from every village and ensure they attend the ceremony. The kingdom needs every capable pair of hands on the battlefield. The war against the elves isn't going to win itself."

Leon's gaze flickered toward the wagons as he processed the words.

'The war...'

For the past ten years, humans and elves had been locked in an unrelenting conflict ever since the Elven Queen discovered that humans had been capturing and enslaving her people—turning them into laborers, concubines, and worse.

Elf slaves fetched a high price, especially the women. Some traders even bred ogres with female elves to produce dark elves—prized for their fertility and tight puss—

"Oi! What the hell are you spacing out for? Get in the damn wagon!" A guard's sharp voice snapped him out of his thoughts.

"Huh? Oh, right." Leon quickly shook off his daze and stepped toward the carriage.

As he climbed in, his eyes landed on the three girls sitting inside.

"Oh? Is this a girls-only wagon?" he asked with a playful smile.

"What? No." One of the girls responded, her dark eyes meeting his with amusement. She had long black hair and a medium build, her expression carrying a hint of curiosity.

Leon's lips curled slightly. 'If it's not, then how could I possibly let such an opportunity go to waste?'

He settled himself inside with a relaxed grin.

"Are you sure you want to sit here?" another girl asked. She had twin ponytails, baggy clothes, and a book in her hands.

Leon tilted his head. "Huh?"

Before she could elaborate, the third girl spoke up. "We're the daughters of Sir Belvered."

Her voice was firm, her short black hair neatly framing a serious expression. Unlike the others, her toned arms suggested she was no stranger to hard labor.

Leon's brows lifted slightly.

'Sir Belvered... A thug. Or rather, a bandit. He runs a small gang in a nearby village, extorting merchants who pass through his territory. His reputation isn't exactly stellar, and that stain extends to his daughters as well. People avoid them like the plague—no one sits with them, let alone speaks to them.'

His eyes flicked outside the wagon, catching sight of a boy in another carriage absentmindedly picking his nose.

Leon smirked.

'But honestly? I don't give a damn. Between sitting with three cute girls and enduring a ride with those nose-digging idiots, the choice is obvious.'

He leaned back, glancing at the girls with an easy smile. "Sounds like an interesting ride."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: Demonic Wolfs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Thirteen wagons rumbled through the dense forest, their wooden wheels creaking against the uneven dirt path. Two guards flanked each wagon, their eyes darting between the shifting shadows of the towering trees.

Inside one of the wagons, Leon lay sprawled on the seat, sleeping without a care in the world. Across from him, three girls sat in silence, watching him with puzzled expressions.

"This guy is different..." Lilith murmured, her lips curving into an amused smile. "I've never seen a man this relaxed around us."

"He doesn't know our father," Dana replied, her expression serious. "That's why he's so carefree. Once he finds out, he'll be just another monkey scrambling to get away from us."

"Or maybe..." Nina mused, peeking at Leon over the top of her book. "Maybe he's just brave—someone who doesn't fear our father."

Dana scoffed, folding her arms. "No man is brave enough to stand before our father. And a guy like him? I don't believe it."

A soft murmur broke the quiet.

"Milfs..." Leon mumbled in his sleep, a perverse grin tugging at his lips.

The three girls exchanged glances.

---

Outside the wagons, two royal guards walked side by side, their armor faintly clinking with each step.

"I've heard the number of demonic wolves in these forests is rising," one guard muttered, scanning the treeline.

"Yeah. The Adventurer's Guild put a hefty price on their heads," his partner replied.

"I've gone out with my friends a few times, fully prepared, but we never found a single one."

"Some adventurers went in solo and never came back," the first guard said, lowering his voice. "I think these wolves are smart. They only come when—"

Swish.

A sharp rustle in the underbrush cut him off. Both guards snapped to attention.

"Did you hear that?" one whispered, hand tightening around the hilt of his sword.

"Something's not—"

Before he could finish, a massive black wolf lunged from the darkness. Fangs sank deep into his throat, tearing flesh and muscle apart as if it were nothing but paper.

Blood sprayed. A gurgled scream died in his throat. His lifeless body crumpled to the ground.

"DEMONIC WOLVES!" the other guard bellowed, his voice ringing through the night.

Inside the wagon, Leon's eyes snapped open. He sat up and peered outside—only to be met with the sight of a mangled corpse, crimson blood pooling beneath it.

The moment his gaze locked onto the glistening red, his body went rigid. His breath hitched. His heart pounded, then slowed to a sluggish, unnatural pace.

And then he saw it.

A hulking wolf, its fur black as midnight, its eyes glowing like embers in the dark. It stared directly at him—predatory, intelligent, merciless.

Leon's world began to fade. His vision blurred, his ears rang with deafening silence. His mind spiraled into panic, his limbs locked in place. Darkness crept at the edges of his consciousness, swallowing him whole.

Then—

[Critical conditions detected.]

[Skill 'Adaptive Body' activating.]

[Stabilizing mind.]

[Adjusting eye focus.]

[Force-opening eardrums.]

[Normalizing blood flow.]

[Condition recorded: Panic Attack. Future adaptation will be faster.]

Thirty seconds. That was all it took.

His breathing steadied. His heartbeat returned to normal. His sight cleared. His hearing sharpened.

And just in time.

"HELP ME—!"

SNAP.

A sickening crunch echoed as the second guard's scream was cut short, his body collapsing beside his fallen comrade.

The demonic wolf lifted its head, blood dripping from its jaws, and turned its glowing red eyes toward its next prey, another pair of Royal Guards that were coming at him from behind.

Leon exhaled, slow and controlled.

"...Skill Crafter," he whispered.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Adrenaline Rush."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: Adrenaline Rush- 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When a human faces extreme danger, two instincts take over: freeze and die like a coward, or fight for survival.

Only 2% of humans can force their minds to choose the latter, to reject fear and override natural hesitation. And when they do—when survival becomes an undeniable command—their minds detect the threat level and the hypothalamus signals the adrenal glands.

Adrenaline floods the bloodstream.

The heart races, pumping blood at an unnatural speed. Blood pressure spikes. Lungs expand, drawing in oxygen with desperate urgency.

Pupils dilate, vision sharpens. Pain suppression kicks in, dulling wounds that would cripple an ordinary man. Muscles contract harder, faster, turning a fragile human into a superhuman for a fleeting moment.

Leon wasn't part of that 2%. His body refused to move. His mind screamed to fight, but his instincts had locked his limbs in place.

'I can't convince my mind to fight or flee... Adaptive Body stabilized my body, but I need to force an adrenaline release in order to get out of this situation.' Leon thought with a serious expression.

The demonic wolf snarled, its blood-stained maw twisting into something almost human in its malice. The Royal guards had formed a circle around it, swords raised at him from everyside.

"WE HAVE TO KILL HIM." One of the guard shouted loudly.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

Leon exhaled sharply, his mind racing.

"Adrenaline Rush."

[Skill 'Adrenaline Rush' has been created.]

[Rank has been set to 'F' by default.]

[State the skill's function.]

'When activated, this skill will forcefully stimulate the adrenal glands to release an equal amount of adrenaline after assessing the danger in front of the user—' before he could've completed the description, A loud voice interrupted him.

"Awooooooooooo!"

The demonic wolf's howl split the air, shaking the earth beneath them.

Screams erupted from the wagons behind it.

Children scrambled to flee—but before they could take a step, hundreds of grey wolves emerged from the bushes. Their yellow eyes glowed as the beasts surrounded the convoy, their bodies tense with predatory hunger.

[Dire situation detected. Protocol 707 has been executed.]

[Description has been edited by the system and accepted.]

[Chant has been set: 'Adrenaline Rush.']

[Skill 'Adrenaline Rush' has been learned successfully.]

Leon dismissed all the notifications, his mind too occupied by the overwhelming reality in front of him.

There was no escape.

His eyes darted around the scene—nothing but snarling wolves and trembling survivors trapped in wooden wagons. If he didn't act now, he will be dead.

"We need to get out of the wagon," Nina's calm, analytical voice cut through the chaos. "If we stay here, we'll be torn apart. We need open ground."

Her eyes scanned the battlefield as she shut her book, adjusting her glasses with a precise motion.

"There are still six Royal Guards left. If they can hold off the leader wolf, we focus on the smaller wolves. That gives us a chance to break through."

Leon blinked. 'How is she so calm?'

Dana stood up, cracking her knuckles. "Well? What are we waiting for?" She turned to Lilith, eyes sharp with anticipation.

Lilith sighed but smiled. "Fine."

Reaching under her seat, she pulled out a large bag and opened it.

Inside—an arsenal.

Swords. Daggers. Even a bow.

Dana immediately snatched up two short swords, twirling them in her hands as if they were weightless.

[Name: Dana Denver]

[Class: Unknown]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 100/100]

[HP: 200/200]

[Description: Daughter of Belvered Denver. Trained in basic swordsmanship by her father. Aims to become a Royal Knight.]

Leon's eyes flicked to Lilith.

[Name: Lilith Denver]

[Class: Unknown]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 50/50]

[HP: 100/100]

[Description: Passionate about weapons and skilled in basic crafting. Aspires to be the greatest blacksmith in history.]

Finally, Nina.

[Name: Nina Denver]

[Class: Unknown]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 50/50]

[HP: 100/100]

[Description: One of the brightest minds in her village. Considered gifted by the gods due to her intelligence.]

Leon clenched his fists. 'They're all trained. They know how to survive. I haven't even fucked one MILF, I am not ready to die yet and they are my ticket to get out of this situation.'

Dana turned, holding up a long two edged sword. "Oi. You know how to use this?"

Leon snapped back to reality. "H-Huh?"

Dana tossed the weapon to him. "You're scared. That's normal. But you have two choices—run or die."

She jerked her chin toward the leader Wolf, which had just ripped a Royal Guard's throat out in a spray of crimson. The body hit the ground with a sickening thud.

"Because if you freeze, you're next."

The black wolf lifted its head, blood dripping from its fangs, its eyes locked onto another Royal guard.

CRACK.

"Noooooooo-" Another guard was crushed in its jaws, his scream dying instantly.

Leon's breathing became uneven. His grip tightened on the sword.

"Oi, hold that tight." Dana leaped off the wagon, followed by her sisters.

'Adaptive body is controlling my body just fine, but everytime I look at that wolf... My body just freezes again.'

'Fuck this, it's better to run with them than die alone.'

But the moment he landed—

A pack of ten gray wolves blocked their path.

Their hungry, glowing eyes locked onto them.

Dana swore, raising her blades. "There's too many."

Nina's voice was deadly calm. "Aim for the face. Their fur is reinforced—it's like metal."

Dana exhaled. "Fine. I'll clear a path. You guys make a run for it and call for help."

She raised her swords looking at the wolfs with a serious expression.

-------------------------------------------------

[[Skill: Adrenaline Rush (Passive)]

[Rank: F]

[Description: Upon activation, this skill forcibly stimulates the adrenal glands, releasing an appropriate amount of adrenaline based on the assessed danger level. The effect lasts for 56 seconds, enhancing physical capabilities significantly.

Warning: Once the duration ends, the user will experience backlash proportional to the amount of adrenaline released. Excessive usage may lead to severe internal injuries or even DEATH.]

[Mana Cost: 0]

[Cooldown: 30 seconds]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23: Adrenaline Rush-2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"HYAAAAAAAAAA!" Dana let out a fierce battle cry, swinging her blade with all her might. The steel cut through the air in a deadly arc—

Swish!

Her sword stabbed deep into a grey wolf's right eye.

"WOOOO—" The beast let out a high-pitched whimper before collapsing lifelessly onto the dirt.

Thud.

"Grrrrrrrrr..."

But before she could even take a breath, two more wolves stepped forward, replacing the fallen one, their snarling maws dripping with saliva, their glowing eyes locked onto their prey.

"This is bad..." Lilith muttered, gripping the hilt of her dagger with trembling fingers.

"Yeah, no shit." Dana responded, her muscles tensing.

Behind them, Leon turned to assess the battlefield—his pulse hammering against his skull. The number of royal guards had dwindled to three. They stood with their blades raised, but their arms were shaking, their knees barely holding them up.

Their faces were pale.

They were terrified.

And if they fell—

'Fuck, fuck, FUCK!' Leon's mind raced. If they die, we're next. I need to get out of here fast.' Leon thought as his eyes started searching for a way to run out.

Thud. Thud. Thud.

Suddenly, three bodies fell down to the ground and complete silence covered the forest.

The air grew thick.

His body locked up.

His instincts screamed.

Death is behind you.

'They are dead and it's standing behind me now. I am about to die, again.' Leon thought with a serious expression.

"I knew it. I should've stayed home and fucked that thick—"

CRUNCH!

Before he could've completed his sentence, A pair of enormous fangs tore into his right shoulder.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH—FUCKKKKKK!"

Leon's scream tore through the battlefield as the demonic wolf lifted him effortlessly, fangs sinking deeper into flesh and bone. Then, with a violent jerk of its head—

THWACK!

The beast flung Leon like a ragdoll. His body slammed against a tree, pain ripping through his spine. His vision blurred. His ears started ringing.

---

"O-Oh shit..." Dana's voice cracked as she turned, raising her trembling blade toward the creature.

Her legs wobbled.

Her hands shook.

Thud. Thud.

Lilith and Nina collapsed behind her, fear gripping them so tightly they couldn't even stand. The sharp scent of urine filled the air as they peed in their panties.

But Dana stood firm, sword clenched, standing between her sisters and the monster that would tear them apart.

"Grrrrrrrrr..."

The demonic wolf stepped forward, its black fur rippling like liquid shadow, its crimson eyes locked onto Dana.

She gritted her teeth and tightened her grip.

If this was the end, she would go down fighting.

---

Leon's eyes snapped open.

The pain in his shoulder got suppressed to the limits.

His heart slammed against his ribs, pumping blood at an unnatural speed. His pupils dilated. His muscles tightened like coiled steel. The world sharpened—every detail crystal clear.

With slow, controlled movements, Leon rose from the ground, stepping out from the bushes. His face was eerily calm, his breaths controlled.

A grey wolf noticed him, its ears perking up. Drool dripped from its maw as it growled, sensing blood... The wolf thought it was an injured prey. An easy one.

Then, in a blur of motion—

"Woof!"

The beast lunged, fangs aiming for Leon's throat.

But before it could even reach him—

Leon's hand shot out at an unimaginable speed.

SNAP!

He caught the wolf's jaws mid-air, his fingers crushing its snout with monstrous strength. The wolf's eyes bulged in shock, its limbs flailing.

Leon looked down at the creature with cold, unfeeling eyes.

"Stay in your fucking limit."

CRACK.

With one brutal squeeze, he shattered the wolf's skull like brittle glass. The beast went limp, dead before it even hit the ground.

'I can feel it... This power is just too much. It's like, I want to crush more skulls and this urge to kill...'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: The MILF in armour- 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The forest air was thick with the scent of blood and fear, hanging like a suffocating shroud over the battlefield.

The Demonic Wolf stalked forward, its fangs glistening with saliva, eyes locked onto Dana. Its body tensed, ready to rip her apart. But before it could strike, a low, broken whimper shattered the silence.

"Wooooo—"

Crack.

The wolf's ears flicked, and it spun around with a growl.

"Grrrr...?"

Something stirred behind the bushes—the very place where it had just thrown Leon.

Step... Step...

A hand, slick with blood, emerged from the tangled foliage. Fingers twitched. The Demonic Wolf stiffened. Something was wrong.

Then Leon stepped into view. His eyes, once human, were now pools of inky blackness, pupils dilated unnaturally wide. Blood poured from a deep gash on his shoulder, and his left leg dragged slightly, torn and battered. Yet he moved as if he felt none of it.

His gaze locked onto the wolf. Cold. Unwavering. Unnatural.

A low, guttural growl rumbled from the beast's throat as instinct warned it of danger. It hesitated, taking a slow step backward.

Nina's breath hitched. 'What... What is this? How is he still standing?'

Dana, gripping her sword, narrowed her eyes. 'That wolf—why did it turn its back on me? I'm armed, I can strike... but it's ignoring me? And for him? A man who is half-dead already and has no weapons is a bigger threat than me ?'

Leon's fingers twitched, his body coiled tight, waiting for the wolf to make its move.

The Demonic Wolf finally acted. Its body crouched low, muscles flexing, eyes gleaming with violent intent.

Then—

"AWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

The deafening howl split the air, rattling bones, piercing the mind.

[Opponent has used the skill ]

[You have been paralyzed for 5 seconds.]

Leon's body locked up instantly.

'Shit. I can't move.'

He fought against the numbing force, but his limbs refused to obey.

The wolf lunged.

Jaws wide. Fangs bared. Death approaching.

Leon closed his eyes at last.

Swish.

Kchk.

Thud.

A voice, smooth as silk, yet brimming with quiet strength, reached his ears.

"Hmm... I've been looking for him for quite some time now."

Leon forced his eyes open.

A knight stood before him, clad in shining silver armor, her longsword slick with fresh blood. The Demonic Wolf's head lay at her feet, its lifeless body sprawled in the dirt.

She tilted her head, appraising him. "What's wrong with your eyes?"

With a slow, deliberate motion, she removed her helmet.

Leon barely had time to register her face before his vision blurred.

Enormous pain erupted inside him. His body seized.

GWAK.

A thick stream of blood burst from his mouth, spilling onto the ground. His insides felt like they were tearing apart.

Thud.

[Skill has been turned Off.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: Where am I ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Blink-Blink*

Leon opened his eyes and noticed a white ceiling over him.

It was very far up and there were some figures drawn on them but they weren't clearly visible either.

'Hmm...? Looks like death all over again.' Leon thought as he tried to move his right hand but he felt extreme pain in it.

"Fuck..." Leon shouted.

'Its like thousands of bullet ants are stinging me all at once.' Leon thought in his mind.

"Oh my god, he is up." Lilith spoke as she immediately walked upto Leon with a worried expression on her face.

"What ?"

"Really ?"

Nina and Dana immediately walked upto Leon with same worried expressions and noticed that he was really awake.

"A-Are you okay ? Do you feel any pain ?" Nina asked as she touched Leon's left hand gently.

"I will call the sister... She ordered us to call her as soon as he wakes up." Dana spoke as she immediately ran out of the room.

"Where am I ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Lilith.

"You are in the church." Lilith replied with a smile.

"Ah... I see." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Thank you for protecting us." Lilith replied with a smile.

"Hey, I have a question. Why did you-" Before Nina could've completed her sentence... Someone opened the door and entered inside the room.

"Is he awake ?" A sweet voice filled the room.

Leon slowly turned his head around and noticed a woman in her thirties walking into the room.

A walking sin wrapped in white and gold. Her huge, jiggling tits barely fit in the flimsy gown, the deep neckline teasing the soft, fuckable flesh clevage. Her plump, fat ass swayed with every step, the gown struggling to contain those thick, slutty curves.

Golden-blonde hair cascaded in wild waves, framing a face made for temptation—violet eyes dripping with sultry innocence, thick lashes, and soft, glossy pink lips that looked perfect for sucking and getting a dick sucked by.

'Fucking hell... I want to bang her.' This was the first thought that came to Leon's mind after seeing her.

"Hello, child... Does it hurt when touched?" she asked, her voice dripping with innocence as her soft fingers stroked Leon's bandaged shoulder.

But the moment she bent down, her massive, barely-contained tits completely smothering his face. Her warm, heavy mounds pressed against him, her soft flesh molding around his cheeks, trapping him in their suffocating embrace.

Leon's body stiffened. His breath hitched.

SNIFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

He greedily inhaled, drowning himself in her scent—warm boobs, sweat, and the faintest trace of something deliciously feminine. His mind blanked for a second before a sinful realization hit him.

'F-FUCK... She's not even wearing a bra!'

His cock twitched violently, instantly rock-hard, forming a blatant tent in his pants. His arousal throbbed with each breath as he felt her nipples barely brush against his skin through the fabric of her robe.

She kept talking, completely unaware of how her fat tits were rubbing all over his face, how each tiny movement sent her soft flesh jiggling and pressing even harder against him.

"Why aren't you saying anything, child? Does it hurt?" she asked again, her voice laced with concern as she absentmindedly kneaded his shoulder—completely ignoring the fact that she was smothering him in her cleavage.

Leon couldn't answer. Hell, he didn't want to. He wanted to stay right there, buried between those warm, soft pillows forever.

"S-Sister... I don't think he can speak because of your... um... you know," Dana stammered, pointing at the obscene way her tits were swallowing Leon's face whole.

"Oh my, I am very sorry," Sister spoke as she immediately removed her boobs from Leon's face and her own face turned red.

"It hurts... It hurts now." Leon spoke as he looked at the sister.

"What ? But, I am not even pressing it ?" The sister asked with a confused expression.

"That's why it's hurting." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he focused his eyes on sister's tits.

"I don't under-"

*Knock-Knock*

"Is he awake ?" Another female's voice came from the door.

Everyone turned around and noticed a woman in her forties standing on the gate of the room with a neutral expression on her face.

Black hairs, Red eyes, soft yet dry lips tall body build and her whole body was completely covered in a shiny armour.

"Oh my god... Madam Derisa." Dana spoke as she looked at her with a surprised expression.

"Who is she ?" Lilith asked in a low voice as she tilted towards nina.

"One of the twelve generals of our empire, She is madam Derisa Demar, also known as the-"

"... Ruthless Sword Queen." Dana completed her sentence while looking at Derisa with a devoted look.

"Ah... I see."

"Can I talk to him ?" Derisa asked as she walked upto them.

"As you wish, Madam Derisa. I will come back in a little while to check on you." Sister spoke as she left the room immediately.

Nina and Lilith also left the room as they understood that she wanted to talk to him alone.

But, Dana continued to stand there as she stared at Derisa like she was some kind of miracle.

"I want to talk to him alone." Derisa spoke as she looked at Dana with a neutral expression.

"A-As you wish, Ma'am." Dan spoke with a smile as she exited the room as well.

"May I know your name, Young man ?" Derisa asked as she looked at Leon with a neutral expression.

"Leon Luster." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Leon Luster, Why did you do it ?" She asked as her expressions turned serious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: Will you break your words ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why did you do it, Leon Luster?" Derisa's voice was firm, her sharp gaze fixed on him.

Leon met her stare, his expression unreadable. "I've done many things in my life... You'll have to be more specific."

"You stood against a Demonic Wolf," she said, her tone edged with suspicion. "It slaughtered ten Royal Guards—highly trained warriors—without hesitation. And yet, you faced it, barehanded. Why?"

A slow, almost amused smile crossed Leon's lips. "Because running wouldn't have saved me. That thing would've caught up after finishing off the rest of the kids. I chose to fight instead of dying a coward death."

---

One Hour Earlier – The Forest

"Take this sword." Dana tossed a blade toward Leon, her expression grim. "Today, you either run—or get eaten." With that, she stepped out of the wagon.

Leon caught the sword, his heart pounding, as he hurried after her. The moment he emerged, he saw seven Royal Guards surrounding the massive beast. Another guard, slightly apart from the group, was hunched over, whispering urgently into a glowing crystal.

Leon edged closer.

"We need backup, ma'am! There are too many wolves—"

The crystal crackled, and a firm yet distant voice responded. "I'll be there in exactly five minutes. Keep the children safe—they are our future."

"Understood, ma'am." The guard smashed the crystal against the ground, drawing his sword.

Leon clenched his jaw.

Five minutes. I just have to survive for 300 seconds.

He glanced at the Demonic Wolf, its glowing red eyes locked onto its prey.

'If I run, it'll chase me. And I can't die before I've fucked all the MILFs—

I am not going down that easily.'

A steely determination settled over him as he gripped the sword.

---

Back to the Present...

Derisa studied him for a long moment before nodding. "You've proven yourself. A real man, even at your young age. Most would have fled without hesitation. Yet you stood your ground, despite your wounds."

She straightened her back. "You have earned the favor of a knight. Ask for anything within my power, and I shall grant it."

Leon barely paused before answering. "A kiss—lip to lip, for one minute."

Swish.

Before the words fully left his mouth, Derisa's sword was at his throat. The metal gleamed, her eyes burning with silent fury.

"Well... That escalated quickly," Leon said, smirking despite himself.

Derisa's expression remained rigid. "You mock a knight's honor, boy?"

"I'm only asking for what you promised," he countered, his smile unwavering. "You said you'd grant anything within your power. A kiss is hardly beyond your abilities."

Derisa's grip tightened on the hilt of her sword, her knuckles white. Then, abruptly, she sheathed it, her face turning red.

"I am much older than you," she muttered, refusing to meet his gaze. "I can't grant that request. Choose something else."

Leon tilted his head. "Tell me... How much weight does a Royal Knight's word carry?"

Derisa frowned. "More than their life."

Leon's smile widened. "So... will you break yours?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: Class Verification
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon leaned back in his bed, a sly grin tugging at his lips as he stared at the flushed woman before him. "Will you break your word, Madam Derisa?" he asked, voice low and teasing.

Derisa's face burned a deep crimson. "F-Fine, but only a kiss... and fast," she stammered, her voice trembling. Slowly, she leaned in, her lips parting ever so slightly.

Leon's eyes softened. He reached out, cupping her warm cheeks in his hands. "Remis..." he whispered, his breath brushing against her skin as he closed the distance between them.

The moment their lips touched, a system message flickered into his vision:

[Warning: Due to high-level difference, skill had no effect on Target.]

'Damn it... I knew it,' Leon thought bitterly. 'My level decides who my skills work on. She's too strong — I can't use them on her.'

Still, the feeling of her lips against his was electric, soft and delicate like marshmallow silk. His heart raced, his body stirred, and his mind wandered to dangerous places.

Before he could deepen the kiss, Derisa jerked back, breathless and trembling.

"Huh...? What happened? I thought we were going for a full minute—"

"I-I'm sorry, but this is too much. I... I can't," she blurted, face redder than before. Without another word, she spun around and hurried toward the exit.

Leon blinked in surprise. His mind whirled, curiosity burning inside him.

[Name: Derisa Demar]

[Class: Swordsman]

[Age: 38]

[Mana: ??]

[HP: ??]

[Description: Flustered from the first kiss of her life.]

'First kiss? Are you kidding me?! I thought she was married or something... Damn. No wonder she pulled away like that. Still, I got to kiss a MILF. Not bad,' Leon thought with a smirk as indecent images filled his mind, his body reacting against his will.

Suddenly —

Clap. Clap. Clap. Clap. Clap.

A loud, rhythmic clapping sound shattered his thoughts.

"What the...?" Leon muttered, his head snapping toward the source of the noise.

Curiosity burning, he forced himself to stand. His muscles screamed in protest, his legs tingling like they were crawling with ants.

"Fucking hell..." he hissed under his breath, staggering toward the wooden door.

He pushed it open to reveal a massive hall beyond. Rows of wooden benches stretched out, filled with people chatting and smiling. At the front stood an ornate white altar, illuminated by a large stained-glass window depicting angels, demons, and strange, incomprehensible symbols.

Children sat eagerly at the front rows while the adults filled the back. On the altar stood an elderly nun, her face wrinkled with age and wisdom. Beside her was the same "MILF sister" Leon had met earlier — her gentle smile hadn't faded.

"Next will be Azron," the old nun announced.

A ripple of murmurs passed through the crowd before a young man stood up. He was tall, muscular, and walked with a cocky swagger. His grin widened as he flexed his arms, clearly showing off for the girls.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "What the fuck is wrong with this guy?" he muttered under his breath.

Azron strode to the altar and bowed deeply.

"May God give you a class worthy of your body and soul," the elder nun intoned. The MILF sister held up a glowing green orb.

"Place your hand on the orb," she instructed gently.

Azron smirked and slapped his hand onto it with confidence. The orb shimmered, golden symbols dancing within.

[Chef]

The hall went dead silent.

"W-What?!" Azron blurted, his voice trembling. "But Sister, look at me! This has to be wrong—"

The elder nun's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Are you questioning the holy orb of classification?"

Azron paled. "N-No, Ma'am..." He slunk off the stage, his earlier arrogance shattered.

"Next... Leon Luster."

Leon froze. For a moment, his heart stopped. He barely registered the MILF sister whispering something to the elder nun.

"Ah, I see..." the old nun said, nodding. "Next one will be—"

"I'm here," Leon cut in, voice loud and steady.

Every head turned toward him. Murmurs spread like wildfire.

"That's him? The idiot who fought the Demonic Wolf?"

"Yeah, he only survived because Madam Derisa saved him."

"What a fool."

"Or maybe he's brave."

Leon ignored the whispers. He walked toward the altar, his head held high despite the pain.

"Are you alright, child?" the MILF sister asked softly, concern flickering in her eyes.

"Yeah," Leon replied.

The elder nun nodded approvingly. "Your head."

Leon bowed, and the elder nun placed her star symbol against his forehead. Her voice was steady as she recited the same blessing.

The MILF sister stepped forward, holding the orb toward him. "Now, place your hand on the ball."

Leon didn't hesitate. His palm pressed against the cool surface — and the orb exploded with light.

[ALCHEMIST]

The room fell into stunned silence.

Leon blinked. '...What the hell?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: A Butcher
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The room was so quiet Leon could hear his own heartbeat thudding in his ears. The word floated inside the orb, glowing faintly.

[ALCHEMIST]

'What's happening? Did I get a good class or what?' Leon wondered, his face carefully neutral despite the rising tension.

The elder nun broke the silence first, her voice calm yet pleased. "Well then... congratulations, child. You've received a good class and a bright future."

The crowd wasn't as kind.

"Isn't he a commoner?"

"Yeah, how can a commoner get that class?"

"I thought only nobles had such classes."

"Me too..."

Leon's eyes narrowed. He didn't like where this was going.

'So commoners aren't supposed to become Alchemists? Great. Just what I needed. Will the nobles come after me now? ...Screw this. I'll just hide my class and live like before,' he decided, keeping his expression unreadable as he turned and left the church.

Outside, the kingdom buzzed with life. Carriages lined the cobbled streets, a small fountain sparkled in the sunlight, and crowds bustled through the marketplace. Despite the lively atmosphere, Leon's mood was sour.

As he wandered, he noticed something disturbing — shop after shop had signs reading:

'NO COMMONERS ALLOWED.'

'Looks like Commoners aren't much of a thing in this world, one of the reason why most of them live outside the kingdom.'

His thoughts paused as he spotted a butcher shop.

[Buying and Selling Meat. ANY QUALITY MEAT AVAILABLE.]

As soon as Leon read the sign, an idea struck him.

He immediately ducked into a nearby alley.

"Withdraw..."

With a quiet swish, his inventory screen popped up. He still had 6 kilograms of horned rabbit meat from before. He tapped it, and the meat materialized in his hands.

Emerging from the alley, he strode into the shop.

The counter was empty.

"Hello? Anyone here?" he called out.

A woman's voice echoed from the back. "Who is it?"

Before Leon could answer, she stepped out — and his eyes widened.

She was a woman in her early thirties, her body curvy and thick with soft folds. Her chest strained against her apron, and her wide hips swayed with each step. Blood smears covered her clothes and skin, but that didn't hide her sensual figure.

Leon blinked and quickly activated .

[Name: Merida.]

[Class: Butcher]

[Age: 32]

[Mana: 700]

[HP: 1400]

[Description: A single widow working as a butcher for the past 14 years. Lost husband in a war.]

'Fourteen years alone? She must be desperate for a dick,' Leon thought, his face remaining neutral.

Merida gave a tired smile, wiping her hands on her apron. "How can I help you?"

"I saw the sign outside. You buy meat too, right?" Leon asked.

She tilted her head. "Only monster meat."

Leon held up the horned rabbit meat. "This fresh enough for you?"

Her eyes widened. "Horned rabbit? Did you kill it yourself?"

"Yeah."

Her gaze flicked to his shoulder. "That explains your injury. Alright... I'll give you 20 coppers for the lot."

"Deal," Leon said without hesitation.

Merida blinked in surprise. "Really? That fast?"

He shrugged. "I'm not a bargaining type."

The butcher nodded, pulling out a coin pouch and tossing it to him.

Leon caught it effortlessly and pocketed it without counting.

"Aren't you going to count it?" she asked, confused.

"No need," he replied, already heading for the door.

"Hey, wait!"

Leon turned back, raising an eyebrow.

"Did you gut this rabbit yourself?" she asked, her expression curious.

"Yeah. My father taught me a little." Leon lied as he couldn't tell her about his previous life.

Merida's eyes lit up. "Kid... you looking for a job?"

"Not really. I'm—"

"Listen, you're young and talented. Gutting a horned rabbit clean in one go? That's impressive. How long did it take you?"

"Five minutes."

She whistled. "I'll pay you 50 coppers for four hours a month."

Leon's mind raced. 'That's a lot for a commoner... but I'll need more money if I want to move up in this world.' His eyes drifted, unintentionally, to her deep cleavage pressing against her apron.

'Fuck it... If I can have the slightest chance to motorboat them, hell I will take it.' Leon thought in his mind as lust took over him.

"I'll take it... but I need a 30-minute break halfway through," he said.

Her grin widened. "Deal. Be here tomorrow at 8. Oh — you'll need a city pass."

She rummaged in a drawer, pulling out a blank white card and tossing it to him.

Catch.

"Whisper your name to it," she instructed.

Leon studied the pass, then brought it close to his lips.

"Leon Luster," he said softly.

The card shimmered, words appearing across its surface:

[Name: Leon Luster.]

[Age: 18]

[Working For: Merida the butcher.]

[Temporary City Pass]

"See you tomorrow," Merida said, her voice warm.

Leon nodded and left the shop, his thoughts turning to what he could do with the extra money.

'Now... where can I find a carriage home?'

Before he could decide, a familiar voice cut through the crowd.

"There he is!"

Leon turned, his heart sinking.

Derisa stood at the end of the street, pointing at him. Beside her were two old men in strange green robes — and they were walking straight toward him.

'Fucking hell... Why is she after me again?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: An Evil Idea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Leon Luster... Wait for a moment," Derisa shouted, her voice cutting through the noise as she walked briskly toward Leon.

'Fuck... Is she gonna get me jailed for one little kiss? I mean, she said I could ask for anything. Should I run?' Leon panicked, but it was too late. She was already standing in front of him — and she wasn't alone.

"He's the one I told you about," Derisa said, glancing at the old men accompanying her.

"Did you really get the Alchemist class, kid?" one of the elders asked, his gaze sharp and serious.

"Yeah...?" Leon replied, his face twisted in confusion.

"Well then, look at this." Another old man smirked and pulled a golden ball from his pocket. He pressed a button.

Zzzzzzzzzzz

Suddenly, beams of light shot from the ball, scanning Leon's face. Within seconds, the ball glowed red.

"Okay... That's all I need," the old man muttered, pocketing the orb.

"Derisa... Are you sure about this?" another elder asked, his expression skeptical.

"Yes, sir. I have to do this," Derisa said, her voice unwavering.

"Excuse me? What the hell is happening?" Leon blurted out, more confused than ever.

"Nothing. You can go now... but be ready," Derisa said, turning on her heel and walking off with the elders.

'Huh...? Be ready for what?' Leon wondered, scratching his head as he wandered off in the opposite direction.

---

After some searching, Leon finally found a transport wagon heading out of the kingdom.

In about 30 minutes, he reached his home. He knocked on the door.

Knock-Knock

"Coming!" Elaine's sweet voice called from inside.

Click

As the door swung open, her eyes widened in shock. Her hand flew to her mouth.

"W-Wha—"

"Calm down, Mom. It's nothing... just a small injury," Leon said, trying to sound casual.

"ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!" Elaine shouted, panic filling her voice. She yanked him inside and slammed the door shut.

"It's alright, Mom. Nothing serious. I'm fine now," Leon reassured her with a grin as he plopped down near the dining table.

"Oh my god, what happened?" Selene rushed out of her room, her eyes going wide when she saw his bandaged arm.

"I-I don't know! He's not telling me anything!" Elaine panicked.

"Calm down, both of you. Sit. I'll explain everything," Leon said, keeping his voice steady.

---

30 minutes later...

"...and then I came straight home," Leon finished his story.

"Come here."

Elaine's voice was soft, filled with warmth — but before Leon could react, she grabbed him and pulled him into a tight hug, smothering his face between her massive, pillowy tits. His head sank into the heavenly softness, her scent wrapping around him like a warm blanket.

"Me too!" Selene giggled, rushing over. She pressed herself against his back, her own huge, soft breasts molding around his head from behind.

Leon's mind blanked.

'Oh my god... I'm surrounded by soft, huge boobs on all sides... This is magical.'

His cock twitched to life, hardening instantly. It pressed awkwardly against Elaine's thigh — but she didn't seem to notice. She just kept hugging him, holding him tightly.

After a long, heavenly minute, they finally pulled away.

"So... you can't even move your hand?" Selene asked, tilting her head.

"I mean, not really hu—" Leon paused, an evil grin forming in his mind.

'Hehehehe...'

"Nope. Can't move it. Not even a little. If I try, it's like... Ouch-Ouch-Ouch!" Leon groaned, fake grimacing as he wiggled his arm weakly.

"Oh my god, don't move it! Don't!" Elaine gasped, her voice full of panic as she grabbed his arm to stop him.

"Wait... if you can't move your hand, how will you eat and do other things?" Selene asked, her voice laced with innocent confusion.

"We'll have to help him, of course! He's injured, Selene," Elaine said sternly.

"I-I guess..." Selene blushed, her cheeks burning pink.

"Good. I'll make dinner. Leon, go rest in your room," Elaine ordered with a smile.

"Yes, Mom," Leon smirked and practically skipped to his room. He flopped onto his mattress, stretching lazily.

---

A few minutes later...

The door creaked open. Selene stepped inside, her face flushed red.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "What's with your face? You look like you've been caught doing something naughty."

"N-No, it's nothing... I was just wondering how you'll, um... d-do things with your hand broken," she stammered, biting her lip.

Leon's smirk widened. "Things? Why don't you be specific?"

Selene fidgeted, her face practically glowing. "L-Like... m-my... b-breast massage..." she mumbled in a tiny, embarrassed voice.

Leon's eyes widened.

"Oh..."

'Well, I wasn't expecting that answer. I thought she'd ask how I'm gonna masturbate or something. But damn... she's addicted to my fondling, huh?'

A new, wicked idea sprouted in his mind.

'Wait... masturbation. Oh my god... this is genius. I'll fuck Elaine tonight with this idea. Hehehehehe...'

Leon grinned to himself, laughing evilly in his head as his cock twitched with anticipation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: Starters or Dinner ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Dinner's ready... Both of you, come." Elaine's voice rang from the kitchen, sweet but commanding.

"Coming," Leon replied, pushing himself off the matress. He stepped into the room, eyes flicking to Selene as she trailed behind him.

"What's for the dinner, mom ?" Selene asked, her voice soft, almost bored.

"Baked beans and bread," Elaine chimed with a smile.

A sudden gust of icy wind slithered through the room, making them all shiver.

"The sun's already down?" Selene glanced outside, frowning. The sky was a dim, creeping gray.

"Winter's coming," Elaine sighed, her voice losing its warmth. "We need to cut down to one meal a day. If we don't ration now, we won't make it through."

She tore a piece of bread, slathered it in beans, and leaned in close to Leon, holding it to his mouth.

"Here, Leo. Open up," she spoke in a sweet tone.

Leon's lips curled into a slow smile as he opened wide, taking the bite — and letting his tongue brush against her fingertips.

"Hey, now don't eat my fingers. I know you are hungry." Elaine spoke with a smile.

"Sorry, Sorry... I am just too hungry." Leon replied with a smile.

---

After dinner, Leon slipped outside, the cold biting against his skin. His breath curled in the air as he looked at the moons.

"Hah... I could kill for a cigarette in this weather." he muttered, though his mind wasn't on nicotine.

'Winter's coming, alright. A warm bed, a thick blanket... and two desperate, dripping MILF sluts pressed against me — naked, writhing, fighting over who gets my cock first. Yeah, that's the kind of winter I want.

I need to do something. Come on, think about it. You are from a different and very advanced world, what can be the one thing that I can do... that will make me lots of money. So that I don't have to wake up from my bed during the whole winter season.' Leon thought as thousands of ideas flooded his mind and he went into deep thoughts.

"Oi, Mom is calling you. Don't stay out too long. We don't need you getting sick."

Selene's voice snapped him out of his thoughts.

"Yeah, yeah... I'm coming." His smirk didn't fade.

---

Leon wandered back inside and headed for the bedroom. What he walked into made his cock stir immediately.

Selene was sitting on the mattress, breastfeeding her daughter. Her heavy, swollen breasts were fully exposed — one nipple disappearing into the baby's mouth while the other hung free, glistening with milk. A single, thick drop formed at the tip before lazily rolling down the curve of her soft flesh.

Leon stared, his throat dry.

'Fuck... those tits. Perfect, full, and begging to be sucked. Every night, I see them... I just want to masturbate on them but I have to control myself only for a few more minutes.' Leon thought as he lay down on his mattress, head propped on one arm as his eyes devoured her.

"What?" Selene glanced at him, her cheeks already a little pink.

"She's growing fast, huh?" he murmured, not even pretending to look at the kid.

Selene gave a weak chuckle. "Yeah... kids grow up so fast these days."

Another drop of milk slid down, teasing him, daring him to lick it off.

"Your milk's leaking," Leon said bluntly, his voice low and rough.

Selene blinked, startled. Her cheeks flushed a deeper red as she grabbed her breast, thumbing her nipple. When she pulled her hand back, her fingertip glistened with warm, sweet milk.

"Oh... no," she mumbled, embarrassed.

Leon sat up slowly. "I'll grab a bowl."

"W-Wait..." Selene's voice trembled.

Leon paused, his eyes narrowing.

She looked down, cheeks burning, her hand still cupping her breast. Her fingers squeezed involuntarily, making her nipple bead with more milk.

"W-Why don't you... drink it instead?" she whispered, barely audible.

Leon's smirk turned wicked.

'Oh, this bitch is hooked on my fondling and sucking for sure.'

"You sure? What about the kid?"

"S-She only drinks from one side. The other one... goes to waste. I heard breast milk... heals wounds. And you're still injured, so..."

Leon was on her before she finished. He grabbed her breast roughly, making her gasp. Her skin was like silk, soft and warm, practically molding into his hand.

"Goddamn..." Leon muttered in a low voice.

He gave her nipple a sharp tug, and milk squirted onto his fingers.

"Ahh... d-don't waste it," Selene whimpered, her voice cracking.

"Yeah? Then let me clean you up."

Leon leaned in and latched onto her nipple, his tongue swirling around the tip before he sucked hard. The first spurt of milk hit his tongue — warm, sweet, and sinful. He groaned against her breast, his free hand sliding up her bare thigh.

"A-Ahn~" Selene's moan broke free, raw and breathy.

Her thighs clenched together, hips shifting involuntarily. She felt it — that needy, aching heat pooling low in her stomach. Her pussy throbbed, wet and pulsing with every flick of his tongue.

"Did that hurt? Remis..." Leon asked, voice muffled as he kissed her nipple again, his teeth grazing it this time and activating the 'Touch of Lust.' skill.

"N-No... keep going," she breathed, her head tilting back.

Her body betrayed her. Her nipples hardened further under his tongue, her pussy clenching around nothing. Images of Leon's thick morning wood flashed in her mind, unbidden. She remembered how it strained against his pants, how badly she wanted to see it... to feel it.

'Why am I thinking about his cock? Why do I want it so fucking bad ?'

Leon bit down on her areola, not hard enough to hurt — but enough to make her jolt.

"Ahh~ C-Cum—"

*Click*

The sound of the door opening froze them both.

Leon pulled away instantly, his mouth wet, a thin trail of milk on his lips. He wiped it off with the back of his hand and fell back onto his mattress like nothing happened. Selene jerked upright, hastily adjusting her baby and pretending to focus on feeding.

Elaine walked in, sighing. "Phew... today was brutal."

She glanced at Selene, tilting her head. "Why's your face all red?"

Selene stammered, her voice high and shaky. "N-No reason... It's just hot in here."

Elaine focused her eyes on her breast and noticed bite mark around her areola but decided to ignore it.

Leon, though, just smirked to himself.

'Daughter in Starters and Mother in Dinner. Tonight is going to be rememberable.' Leon thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: Need A HELP.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night was cold and silent. Everyone was asleep in the room... except one.

Blink-Blink

Leon opened his eyes, the dark fading as his vision sharpened.

Everything became crystal clear — every shadow, every outline. His gaze wandered until it landed on Elaine. Her back was turned to him, her body curled lustfully under the covers, but what caught his attention was the way her blanket rode up just enough to tease him with a glimpse of her bare thick thigh.

His eyes trailed lower, and there it was — her huge, fleshy round ass, barely hidden beneath her thin night-gown.

'Fuck... how can she even think of me falling asleep while showing-off these huge ass cheeks to me ?' Leon thought, his throat dry, heat stirring low in his stomach. His cock twitched, hardening as his mind raced with thoughts he didn't bother holding back.

He swallowed hard, raising his hand with an evil smile on his face, he reached out, his fingers brushing against her shoulder.

Leon leaned in, his voice very low.

"Remis..."

30 seconds passed but nothing happened and then suddenly...

The effect wasn't instant, but Elaine felt it building. That slow, molten warmth coiling inside her belly, crawling lower. Her thighs tensed under the blankets, pressing together as they tried to keep her pussy lips closed.

Her panties were already damp, her eyes opening slowly.

'Anhh~ This feeling again.' Elaine thought as she woke up from her sleep and felt the itch in her pussy increasing by the second.

This time... She felt something else as well and it was Leon's hand over her shoulder.

But she ignored it completely since she thought Leon is doing it in his sleep.

'Annhh~ The urge to have sex is increasing night by night and I only feel this after I fell asleep.

I have to do something about-' Before Elaine could've completed her thoughts, she felt something poking her butt, It was hard and really long.

Elaine's eyes widened in shock as thousands of ideas flooded her mind.

'W-What is that ? D-Don't tell me-!?' Elaine thought as she slowly slided her hand down to her ass and touched the thing that was poking her.

'Oh my god... it's his dick and he's so hard for his mother.'

Her thighs squeezed together, her panties sticky and soaked now, the friction only making her more desperate.

'Yep, She is awake. Time to change the direction of the plan.' Leon thought in his mind as he used another skill.

"Misk..." Leon spoke in a very low voice.

'You feel really hot and your love juices are flowing out of your pussy non-stop. Your Son's dick is touching your ass and you are getting aroused uncontrollably.

Send it to Elaine's mind.' Leon ordered.

[Thought sent to Elaine's mind.]

Elaine's mind spiraled, tangled in a mess of shame and unbearable, sticky heat. Her pussy throbbed, soaking through her panties, the damp fabric clinging to her like a filthy reminder of how wrong this was — and how little that mattered anymore.

The more Leon's thick, rigid cock pressed against her ass, the hotter her body burned. Each deliberate grind sent a shock of twisted pleasure crashing through her, leaving her breathless and trembling.

'Oh god... it's so big. I can feel it twitching against me. Fuck... why does it feel so good on my ass ? I can't—'

Before she could finish the thought, Leon's hand slid boldly down, cupping her soft, heavy tit.

His fingers spread wide, kneading her flesh as he gave it a rough, greedy squeeze.

*Squeeeze*

"Ahhh—!" A needy, breathless moan slipped past her lips. Her eyes went wide with panic, and she slapped a hand over her mouth, cheeks burning hot with shame and her pussy getting tighter.

'W-Why is he... oh fuck—!'

*SQUEEZE*

Another squeeze.

Leon's hips pushed forward, his cock grinding deeper between her ass cheeks, slow and deliberate. She felt the heat of his huge dick through his pants, thick and pulsing against her pussy's flesh.

'oh my god... What kind of mother am I ? I should stop him from pushing his dick into my ass but, I am just enjoying it ?'

Leon leaned in close, his lips grazing her ear, voice low and dripping with filthy hunger.

"Mom... I need help," he whispered, his breath hot and teasing against her ear. He blew softly, making her shiver as goosebumps trailed down her neck.

Elaine's breath hitched. Her heart hammered against her chest.

'W-What kind of help does he want...?'

Her face burned bright red, but her body didn't care anymore. Her nipples ached, her pussy was soaked, and all she could think about was how close his cock was — and how badly she wanted to feel more.

"W-What do you want... Leo ?" She asked in a low voice as she Slowly turned around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: What’s Inappropriate ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"W-What do you want... Leo?" Elaine's voice came out in a shaky whisper, her cheeks burning red. She couldn't bring herself to look at him — not with his cock pressing so thickly against her ass, grinding slowly through the thin barrier of her nightgown.

"Mom... I can't get my dick to settle down." Leon's voice was low, rough, dripping with false vulnerability. "You know my hand's broken... I'm having such a hard time. I can't help it... Please help me."

As he spoke, his hand gave another, squeeze to her soft boob.

Squeeze.

Elaine's thighs clenched together involuntarily, her legs trembling as an uncontrollable spark of pleasure shot through her.

'Oh my god... What is wrong with this kid's touch ? Everytime he sqeezes my boobs... I feel the urge to get fucked in my pussy.' Elaine thought as she controlled herself and tried to keep her mother like attitude.

"I-I understand... but, I-I'm your Mother, Leon. W-We can't do this. Y-Your hand... it's in a very inappropriate place... you should remove it." Her voice was barely a whisper, shaky and unsure. She didn't dare turn her flushed, burning face toward him.

Her heart pounded, the shame twisting inside her — but it wasn't enough to stop her throbbing thirsty pussy.

Leon's eyes darkened, his lips curling into a cruel, knowing smirk.

'Hehe... Time to pull the aces out.'

He leaned in, his breath hot and slow against her ear. His lips brushed her skin, barely a touch — but enough to make her shiver.

'What a sweet smell and Soft skin... As expected of an untouched MILF's body. It's like she is made out of marshmallows.' Leon thought as his mating desire increased by the second.

"But... aren't you feeling good, Mother ?" he murmured, his voice very seductive and manipulative.

His hand squeezed again, rougher this time, his fingers digging into her soft fleshy boob and showing authority.

*Squeezeee*

Elaine's body betrayed her, a choked, breathless moan slipping past her lips before she could stop it.

"Anh~"

Her face burned with humiliation as she immediately used both of her hands to seal her mouth tightly "L-Leo... this isn't right. You should stop... y-you should take your hand off me—"

She spoke as she turned around and finally looked at Leon with a worried yet aroused expression.

Sweat covered her forehead and her heartbeat was clearly audible.

Leon's smirk widened, his voice dipping into something darker.

"Stop?" he laughed softly, the sound low and condescending. "Well... was it appropriate to suck your Son's dick while he was sleeping the other night, Mother ?"

Her eyes shot wide, her heart slamming against her ribs.

"W-What are you talking about?" she stammered, her ears burning hot.

Leon's smile was slow, predatory. His voice came low and rough, laced with amusement. His whole attitude changed on the spot.

"Did you think I wouldn't notice? Rubbing your needy little pussy in the middle of the night like a bitch in heat. Then your hand wandered... and you found my straight hard dick, didn't you?" His fingers tightened slightly on her boobs, making her gasp. "But instead of pulling away... you started stroking my dick."

Elaine swallowed hard, her voice a shaky whisper. "I-I was just trying to help you... I thought you were in pain." Her hand moved weakly to push his away, but Leon's hand didn't budge.

Leon chuckled darkly, leaning in closer until his breath was hot against her ear. "Help me? Is that what you call it? Because after that... you took my dick into your mouth. You sucked me like a hungry little whore."

Elaine's breath caught in her throat. Her body betrayed her, warmth pooling between her thighs as her legs pressed together involuntarily.

'W-Why is he talking like that to his mother ? It's like I am talking to someone else and his talking methods are making my pussy even more wet.

I am the worst mother. I couldn't move his hand away from my boob... when did he get so strong.' Elaine thought in embarrassment.

"A-Are you calling me a... whore?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper — but the way her body trembled told a different story.

Leon's smirk deepened. "Am I wrong?" His injured hand came up to her other breast, squeezing roughly.

SQUEEZEEEEEE

"Ahhn—!" A moan slipped out, but before she could cry out louder, his hand left her breast and covered her mouth.

"Shhh~" Leon's voice was low and taunting. "You don't want to wake Selene, do you?"

Elaine's eyes widened, and she shook her head quickly, her body buzzing with a shameful, forbidden thrill.

"Good mother," he murmured, his voice dripping with amusement. He let his index and middle fingers slowly slide into her mouth.

"You know what? Maybe you're right... I shouldn't do this with you." His tone turned thoughtful, but the smirk never left his face.

"I'll ask Selene to help me tomorrow. She hasn't had sex in months — I'm sure she'll be more than willing to take care of my dick, right ?"

Elaine's eyes widened in panic. "Y-You can't do that... that's not right!" she whispered harshly, a small amount of jealousy visible in her tone.

Leon tilted his head, his voice dropping to a cruel, hungry growl.

"Not right? You wanna know what's not right, Mother ? Coming home to you every day and having you shove my face between these perfect huge tits — but acting like it's nothing. Swinging that fat ass around the house as if I don't even exist."

Elaine's breath hitched again, her thighs clenching tighter.

"You want to talk about inappropriate ?" Leon's voice was low and dark, his eyes burning with lust. "Having these big, soft fucking tits and not letting me use them... that's what's inappropriate."

With one swift, rough pull, he grabbed her nightgown and tore it open, her heavy boobs spilling out.

Elaine gasped, her body trembling — but she didn't stop him instead her tongue started crawling upon Leon's finger.

[Author: If we can get 50 power stones today. I will upload the next Chapter immediately. Have fun.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: Not a Good mother
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*swish*

The cold night winds howled outside, swirling under the pale glow of two moons. But inside Leon's room, the heat was suffocating, thick with tension and desire — growing hotter by the second.

*RIIIIIIIP*

With one vicious yank, Leon shredded Elaine's thin nightgown, the soft fabric giving way effortlessly. Her massive, plush tits spilled out, bouncing from the sudden release. Her oversized, inverted nipples stayed hidden within her dark rough areolas.

Leon's eyes darkened, his grin twisted with lust.

"Look at these fat fucking boobs..." he growled, his voice low and similar to an animal filled with nothing but lust.

'I wonder if this guy was even a man or not ? This bitch was swinging her tits around him all the time and he didn't rape her... That's stupid.' Leon thought in his mind.

His hands moved immediately, greedily claiming her breasts, fingers sinking deep into the warm, squishy softness. He kneaded them roughly, watching with satisfaction as they molded and bounced in his grip.

*SNIFFFFFFFF*

Leon leaned in, pressing his face between her tits, taking a long, filthy breath. His nose dragged over her warm skin, grazing her hidden nipple.

"Haah... fuck. You smell so damn good," Leon murmured, his voice thick with lust. "Are you in heat... Mom ?" Leon asked as he closed his lips to Elaine's lips, but before they could've kissed... Elaine stopped the contact with her right hand.

"W-We shouldn't kiss... It's not something—"

"Shut up." Leon spoke with authority, yanking her hand away and crashing his lips against hers like an animal.

Elaine squeezed her lips shut, denying his tongue's entry, but Leon didn't care.

He sucked on her lower lip hungrily, his rough kisses pulling muffled whimpers from her throat. The more he sucked on her lips, the wetter her panties became, the soaked fabric clinging to her needy pussy.

Her body betrayed her. Her lips trembled and finally parted away.

Leon seized the chance, shoving his tongue inside, dominating her mouth. His hands grabbed her breasts, fingers diving into her areolas and rubbing her hidden nipples.

"Mnnh~" Elaine moaned softly, even with her mouth stuffed full of Leon's relentless tongue.

'Oh god... He's playing with my nipples... No, no, no... If this keeps going, they'll pop out... Anhh~ His tongue... it's completely overpowering me — I can't even fight back.' Elaine's thoughts swirled as her hand slipped down to her panties, feeling the soaked fabric clinging to her pussy.

'As I thought... I'm completely wet. His manly scent... and his huge cock is making my body really hot... I haven't felt like this even when I had sex with his father... I can't understand this feeling.

He is playing with my body as if I am some kind of a toy.'

*Chuuuu*

Leon pulled back, a string of saliva connecting them as he glanced down — noticing her nipples had popped out, swollen and oversized.

"What the hell's up with your nipples? They're huge — like cow udders." He whispered with a wicked grin, grabbing both of her nipples and tugging them upward.

"N-No... Anhh~ Don't pull them... They'll get even bigger." Elaine whimpered, hands weakly grasping at his wrists.

"Yeah, that's the plan." Leon smirked, lifting her boobs by her sensitive perky nipples.

"P-Please, Leo... I'll use my mouth. I'll help you... just stop this." Her voice trembled, barely audible.

Leon's grin darkened.

"Oh, don't worry, Mother. I'll use your mouth — just not the one you're thinking of." His hand trailed down her stomach, inching lower.

Elaine's eyes widened in panic.

"N-No... Leo, you can't! Not there—Anhh~" Her protest cut off with a cry as Leon sank his teeth into her nipple, biting down roughly.

A shockwave ripped through her, her back arching violently off the mattress. Her hands flew to her mouth, muffling her moan as her pussy twitched, releasing a sudden, helpless gush.

'Wait... did she just cum?' Leon blinked, then smirked as he shoved his hand into her soaked panties.

"Did you just cum from that, Mother?" Leon sneered, watching her chest heave as she tried to catch her breath.

Her legs were shaking, her panties soaked, sticking to her pussy like a second skin. Her lips quivered, but before she could speak, Leon was already unzipping his pants.

"I wonder..." he smirked, pulling out his cock — thick, hard, and throbbing. "How will you react to this then?"

He slapped his heavy, musky dick right onto her soft pink lips and it's tip pushed into her nostrils.

SNIFFFFFFFFF

Elaine inhaled sharply, the raw, masculine stench invading her senses. Her eyes rolled back as her womb spasmed hard, her body jerking like she'd been shocked with a 1000 volts.

Her tongue slipped out, trembling as it wrapped around his cock without a second thought — it was as if her body is acting on it's own.

"Knew it," Leon chuckled, his voice low and dirty. "You're just a cock-hungry bitch now, huh? All it took was a whiff, and you're already drooling like a little slut in heat."

Elaine whimpered, her lips parting wider as she licked along his dick, eyes hazy with mindless hunger. She kissed the tip, then sucked on it messily, spit dribbling down her chin.

'Dick... Dick... My son's Dick...'

Her mind was gone — reduced to nothing but that single, filthy thought as she greedily sucked her own son's cock.

Schlp-Schlp-Schlp

Her mouth moved on instinct, slurping noisily as she stuffed more of him inside. She gagged, tears pricking her eyes, but her head didn't stop bobbing. She sucked him down like she'd die without it.

Leon's hand wrapped around his cock, gripping Elaine's lips, squeezing them tight around his shaft like a makeshift fleshlight.

"Fuck... take it, you sloppy little cum slut-mother," he whispered, forcing her lips to stay sealed around his dick with his fingers.

His cock jerked hard as semen climbed up his urethra, unloading thick, hot ropes of cum straight down his mother's throat, his fingers still keeping her lips locked in place as he groaned, "Fuck... Get down on all fours, I can't wait anymore."

[Author: I fell asleep, Sorry. Next Chapter will be on 50 power stones but fast or I will go to sleep again. Have fun reading 😉.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: Conscious or Unconscious
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Get down on all fours... I will fuck this wet pussy of yours now, Mother." Leon spoke as he let go of her lips from around his dick and noticed that instead of calming down, his cock got even harder than before.

"Y-Yes..." Elaine replied with a confused expression as she immediately turned around and raised her huge butt up, getting on all fours.

Elaine couldn't understand what was happening with her body after this point, She was just following Leon's orders in order to get pleasures but her natural female instincts kicked in sometimes as she wiggled her fat ass in front of Leon.

'This bitch... She thinks just because it's dark, I can't see anything. However, I can see this slutty ass of yours swinging, bitch,' Leon thought as he immediately grabbed one of her ass cheeks and squeezed it tightly.

*Squeezeee*

"Anhhh~" Suddenly, A big moan escaped from her mouth, But before it could've gotten any louder, Leon placed his hand in front of her mouth and stopped her from making any noise.

"Shut the fuck up... Or you will wake them up." Leon whispered into her ears, but Elaine wasn't listening to anything at this point neither she cared about her daughter's sleep.

As Leon bent down to block her mouth with his hand... His cock touched the entrance of her pussy and felt her pussy lips twitching and kissing his dick without any breaks.

Leon couldn't wait anymore. Without any delay, he shoved his cock into Elaine's soaked pussy, while holding her mouth shut.

"Mnhhhhhhhhh~" Elaine moaned loudly but Leon stopped all the sound with his hand.

'A MILF's pussy... A real, tight MILF's pussy,' Leon thought as he rammed deeper, feeling her hot, slippery walls clamp down on his dick, squeezing him like her pussy was starving for it.

*Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap

Leon's hips were a blur, slamming into Elaine's soaked, twitching pussy like a feral animal. Wet, filthy claps filled the room, echoing louder with every brutal thrust, It was a miracle that Selene was still asleep even in this sound.

His cock pistoned in and out of his mother's pussy, stretching her tight walls around his thick cock, her juices dripping down his balls and splattering on the mattress.

"Mnnh~ Mnnh~ Mnhhh~" Elaine's muffled moans spilled from her throat, desperate and broken. Her face was buried into the mattress, her body jerking forward with each savage thrust. Her fat ass jiggled wildly, bouncing back against him like it was made for this — made to be used.

Leon didn't care about the noise anymore. He couldn't stop even if he wanted to. His cock throbbed violently, veins pulsing, his body possessed by raw, unforgiving lust. For 30 relentless minutes, he wrecked her pussy, each thrust deeper and rougher than the last.

"You feel that, bitch? This is what you wanted, isn't it? Getting split open like a fucktoy," Leon whispered into her ear, his voice low and animalistic, sweat dripping down his body as he slammed into her harder, faster, deeper.

Her pussy clenched around him like a vice, squeezing his cock, milking him as if her body refused to let him go.

"Fuck... I'm cumming — I'm gonna fill this filthy MILF cunt with every last drop," Leon snarled. His hands gripped her hips so hard his nails left red imprints. He yanked her back onto his cock, slamming deep, balls slapping against her dripping pussy lips one last time as he buried himself to the root.

His cock twitched violently, and then he exploded — thick, hot ropes of cum flooded her womb, pumping into her again and again. His hips bucked with each pulse, forcing every drop deep inside her, stuffing her full.

Elaine's body convulsed, her back arching off the mattress as her tongue rolled out of her mouth, her eyes rolling back until only the whites showed. Her face twisted into a perfect, broken ahegao expression. She felt his seed flooding her, filling her up, and attacking the entrance of her womb asking for a way in.

Squirrrrrrrrt

Her pussy spasmed, gushing a hot, messy stream of squirt all over his cock and the ruined mattress. The sound was filthy, wet, and loud — a fountain of her release splashing everywhere as her body shook uncontrollably.

'I-I can't... take it anymore—' Elaine's final thought disappeared as her mind went blank. Her body collapsed beneath him, limp from the overwhelming pleasure after so many years.

But Leon didn't stop.

He stared down at her unconscious, used-up body, his cock still rock hard and buried inside her sloppy, dripping hole.

"Heh... I am not done with you yet, mother, conscious or unconscious... I will use you to my heart's content tonight." Leon muttered darkly, a cruel grin spreading across his face.

And he grabbed her hips tighter — and kept fucking her until the next morning.

*Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: Feed Me, Mommy.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next morning...

Swisssssh.

Cold air swept through the window, making Selene shiver awake.

"Achoo!" she sniffled, stumbling up to shut it.

But when she turned around, her breath hitched.

Leon was sprawled on his mattress — naked. His cock stood tall, thick and hard, twitching slightly. It looked swollen as he was masturbating whole night without any stops.

Her cheeks burned and pussy clenched tightly.

"W-Why is it so red and swollen ?" she whispered, biting her lip.

'How can it be so big ? Can it even fit inside a woman's pussy ?' Selene thought with a confused expression.

Her mouth watered. She dropped to her knees, crawling closer.

Sniff.

The musky scent hit her hard, a mix of sweat, sex, and leftover cum. It was filthy — and it made her pussy throb.

'I-It stinks... But, W-Why is this smell making my pussy feel funny ? Should I take a feel ? I mean, touching it won't hurt him, right ?' Selene thought with a confused expression.

Her hand hovered above his cock, shaking.

Step-step

Suddenly, she heard Elaine's footsteps approaching the room.

Selene panicked. Without thinking, she grabbed his cock — hot, swollen, and heavy in her hand — and gave it a quick, messy stroke. It throbbed against her palm, sticky with leftover cum.

Her pussy tightened, her lips twitching as a needy pulse shot through her body.

*Click*

Heart racing, she let go of his cock, scrambling back to her mattress and squeezing her eyes shut, pretending to sleep.

The door creaked open.

Elaine stepped inside, her face flushed red. She walked funny, her hips swaying awkwardly like she couldn't quite close her legs.

"W-Wake up, you tw—" She stopped mid-sentence, her eyes locking onto Leon's cock.

It was still standing tall, thick, and swollen.

Her throat bobbed as her mouth started watering.

*Gulp*

'I-I can't even walk properly... my pussy's swollen, my ass is completely red and burning, and I don't even remember how many times he fucked me last night. And he's still hard ? He's sleeping like nothing had happened!' Elaine thought with an Irritated expression, her legs trembling beneath her.

'How does he have this much energy ?' She clenched her fists, glaring at him.

"Breakfast is ready!" she shouted, her voice tight and shaky, after that she turned around and left, slamming the door behind her.

Blink-blink.

"Haah...? What's going on?" Leon groaned, his voice thick with sleep.

He sat up, blinking around the room in confusion. Suddenly his cock throbbed painfully.

"Shit... why does it still hurt?" he muttered, looking down at his swollen dick. Memories of last night flickered in his mind.

'Ah yeah... I fucked her 17 times last night.' Leon thought as a smile appeared on his face, as he ran a hand through his hair.

Noticing Selene still curled up, asleep, he sighed, shaking his head.

Leon stood up and pulled on his clothes.

He exited the room slowly, his cock still aching between his legs.

Leon walked into the washroom, yanked his pants down, and pulled out his cock — still swollen, red, and throbbing.

"Fuck... it hurts, I don't know if this will work or not but it's worth to give a shot." He muttered as his eyes narrowed.

"Heal." Leon spoke as he finally casted the skill.

A faint glow wrapped around his cock, and the red swelling faded, leaving him hard and ready again.

His lips curled into a grin at first but suddenly, another thought came to his mind...

'Wait... Did I just figure out how to fuck endlessly ? Hehehe...' he thought as an evil smirk spread across his face.

---

After freshening up, Leon walked out to find Elaine and Selene sitting at the table, waiting for him.

"Good morning, ladies," he smirked, sitting down between them, pressing in a little closer to Elaine.

"Can we start eating? I need to feed that little demon once she wakes up," Selene said with a bored expression as she looked at Elaine.

"Yeah, yeah. Go ahead," Leon said, his eyes flicking to Elaine.

"Okay." Selene dug in immediately.

Leon stretched, his right hand drifting behind Elaine.

*Grab*

*Squeeze*

"Hiekkk—!"

Elaine squeaked, her body jerking as his palm grabbed a handful of her sore ass and squeezed it tightly.

Selene blinked. "Hmm? What happened, Mom ?"

"Yes, Mom... What happened ?" Leon asked with a smile as he pretended to be innocent.

"N-Nothing! J-Just... felt a chill, continue eating." Elaine stammered, her face burning red.

"Mom... please feed me." Leon spoke with an innocent expression as he looked at her.

"W-Why can't you feed yourself?" she replied with an embarrassed expression as she slapped away Leon's hand from her butt.

"My hand's broken, Mom. Didn't you say yesterday that... You will help me ?" Leon asked with a smile.

'It wasn't broken last night when you were slamming me into the mattress, grabbing and squeezing my boobs and ass-cheeks... or when you were stuffing my mouth with your hand to stop me from making noises, while you fucked me relentlessly.' Elaine thought bitterly, her thighs trembling just from the thought.

"Fine," she growled, ripping some bread and dipping it into the beans.

Leon smirked, sliding his hand back to her ass, kneading the tender flesh while she tried to stay still.

She started feeding him and Leon continued to group her ass-cheeks while enjoying the best breakfast of his life.

'Hah... This is best. Groping a MILF's ass as she feeds me, I can mark that off of my bucket list.' Leon thought as a lustful smile appeared over his face.

...

After breakfast, Leon got ready to leave for his new job.

Selene and Elaine followed him to the door to see him off.

"Well, good luck on the new job. Bring some meat tonight. I'm going to feed my baby now," Selene said casually before heading back inside.

Leon turned to Elaine, a smirk already tugging at his lips, "Well then... Mom."

"Good luck, Leo. And don't grope some random lady's ass or you'll end up in the Royal Jail," Elaine huffed, her arms crossed.

Leon stepped forward without any warning, his hand curling around her waist, pulling her in...

"W-What are you—"

Before she could finish, his mouth crashed onto hers. His tongue forced its way past her lips, swirling deep, tasting the insides of her mouth.

Meanwhile his other hand dropped, grabbing a fistful of her ass, squeezing it hard enough to make her whimper into his mouth.

Ten seconds. That's all it took for him to leave her breathless, her legs shaking and her pussy clenching.

He pulled his mouth back, a cocky grin on his face.

"Why would I grope anyone else's ass when I've got this one right here?" he murmured against her lips. "I'll be back soon, Mom. So... get that pussy ready because my cock will be very hungry for a pussy tonight."

Without another word, he turned and walked out, leaving her stunned, panting, and burning between her thighs.

[Author: 50 power stones and I post next Chapter. Enjoy reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: Blind spot
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon stepped out of the house, he started making his way toward the wagon station near the village gate.

The village was really backward. Women trudged along dirt paths, balancing water jugs of fresh water fetched from the nearby river.

A group of monster hunters prepared for the day's hunt, their weapons nothing more than crude wooden bows and chipped arrows.

'They're probably the most stupid people in this village,' Leon thought, his gaze lingering on them. 'Hunting all day just to hand over 60% of the meat to the village chief as tax.

What a fucking joke-'

Before he could continue the thought—

"Oi... fucking dog."

A grating voice shattered his train of thought.

Leon slowed to a stop and turned around. Standing behind him was a bloated, red-haired boy with a face peppered with blackheads. His piggish eyes glared at Leon with the same smugness Leon remembered all too well.

'Jack Fled... Fucking Fat Pig's Son.' Leon's expression darkened. 'The bastard who beat the previous owner of this body to death and left him to rot by that tree.'

"Hello, Jack," Leon greeted, his voice deliberately neutral.

"Hello? 'Hello' my ass." Jack sneered. "Dog, why aren't you at work? My father said to give you a good beating if you're skipping again." He cracked his knuckles in order to intimidate Leon.

"I quit," Leon replied bluntly.

Jack blinked, caught off guard. "What?"

"I said I quit. I'm not working for your father anymore."

Jack's shock quickly twisted into a nasty grin. "H-How are you gonna pay your tax then, huh? Oh, wait... maybe I'll stop by your place. I bet your mom and sister will pay me with their bod—"

Leon moved faster than Jack could finish. He closed the distance between them and stared him down, his voice cold and unwavering.

"Listen to me very carefully, you fat fuck. If I see you near my house or my family, I'll shove a log so far up your ass you'll be coughing splinters. Then I'll chop off your dick and balls only to feed them to the dogs."

He reached into his pocket, pulled out two copper coins, and shoved them into Jack's hand.

"Here's your fucking tax."

Leon turned to leave, but Jack wasn't done.

"Oi... did you just call me fat fuck, dog?" Jack's voice was low and dangerous now.

Leon glanced back, unbothered. "Didn't hear me the first time? Dumb fat fuck ?"

Jack's nostrils flared, his face reddening further. "No... I just wanted to make sure you're really this stupid." His voice dropped to a threatening growl. "You better meet me where we left off four days ago. This time, I'm not letting you crawl back out of that forest. And if you're not there by evening... I'll come to your house myself and-"

Leon didn't hesitate. "I'll be there."

Without another word, he walked off, leaving Jack fuming behind him.

'What the fuck is wrong with him ? I am going to really kill this bastard today.' Jack thought as he turned around and left.

...

"Hello, Sir... Are you looking for a wagon to the Kingdom ? Please climb right in and-" Before the driver could've completed his sentence, Leon sat inside the wagon and he noticed that there were some others sitting inside the wagon.

He was silent, very silent... Thinking about something.

'I have about 6 Hours... That means, I can create 6 skills. Now, I know that fat pig won't come alone... He will come with his stupid friends, last time he came with 3 people... I don't think this time will be any different.

Normal skills won't work in combat conditions... I have to make some special skills.'

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Blind Spot"

[Skill 'Blind Spot' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

'Turns the User invisible for exactly one second, if user is in 3 meters range of the opponent. Skill can be re-casted but with every usage, mana consumption of the skill will increase by +3 MP and Cooldown will increase by 1 minute.'

[Error: User needs to select a definite re-cast number.]

As soon as Leon saw this, he understood that system wasn't dumb... It found out about the bug.

'Fuck...' Leon cursed in his mind.

'...Skill can be re-casted upto 10 times but with every usage, mana consumption of the skill will increase by +1 MP and Cooldown will increase by 10 seconds.

This should be acceptable... I mean 10-'

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

'Fuck... How about 8 times ?'

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

'Don't do this to me, System. I need this skill... How about 7 times ?'

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

'6 times ?'

[Error...]

"5 times is the lowest I can go.' Leon spoke.

[Description Accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Blind Spot}.]

"Blind spot." Leon spoke with a smile.

[Chant 'Blind spot' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 25 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 5 minutes after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

'Learn it.' Leon thought with a serious expression.

[Author: As promised, here is the Next Chapter on 50 stones and next Chapter will be at another 50 power stones.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: A buisness idea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Step-step-step-step-step

Leon strolled through the bustling market streets of the kingdom, his ears keenly tuned to the scattered conversations around him.

"Hey, did you taste the new apple and honey candy? It's so sweet!" a girl asked her friend excitedly.

"Ah... I don't have that kind of money," her friend replied with a dejected sigh.

"So, there's a new clothing shop that opened on Free Street's corner for commoners. Wanna go check it out? I heard they're selling cheap clothes for slaves too."

"Yeah, let's go and check it out."

Leon's mind drifted as he walked.

'If I want a steady income, especially one that lets me stay warm in my bed through the winters.

I need a business idea soon. First, I thought about making beauty products for noble ladies, but they'd never buy such things from a commoner's shop. Worse, there's a high chance that my idea gets stolen by some noble asshole trader.

Luxury goods won't work either. I don't have the resources or the money to produce them and I really don't want to create glass utensils since it's very hard and need fine craftsmanship.

Although I can sell them for so much... It's just too much work and they will get copied very soon.

I need something low-profile, something profitable... and something that keeps me off the nobles' radar and something that can't be copied easily-'

Kick!

"Stay the fuck away from me, you filthy beggar!"

The angry shout snapped Leon out of his thoughts.

He turned around, spotting the source. A man in his twenties, dressed in fine leather and wool — clearly a noble — was kicking a small, poorly-dressed child wrapped in a thin black blanket.

"Fuck off!" the noble snarled, delivering another harsh kick.

The kid stumbled and fell onto the dirt road but, trembling, he got back up and continued forward, searching for another person to beg from. His face remained hidden beneath the blanket, but his frail, dirt-covered body told Leon everything he needed to know.

[Name: Ellie]

[Class: Chef]

[Race: Beastkin]

[Mana: 50/50]

[HP: 100/100]

[Description: A beastwoman begging for money to help her family survive the winter.]

'Wait... he's a she and a Beastkin at that ? But, Isn't she too young for a class or is it different in Beastkin ?' Leon thought, his brows furrowing in confusion. Then, like a spark in dry wood, an idea struck him.

'Hold on... this might actually work.'

Without wasting a second, Leon approached her.

"Oi, kid... here." He pulled a copper coin from his pocket and held it out to her.

"T-Thank you, good sir. May you have—"

"Enough," Leon interrupted, his voice steady. "If you want to earn money — real money — and never beg again for your family, come back here in two hours."

He placed the coin in her trembling hand and turned to leave.

"W-What...?" Ellie muttered, baffled, watching him walk off.

---

Merida's Shop...

"I'm here," Leon announced as he pushed the door open.

The front counter was empty, but the sound of chopping echoed from the back.

"About damn time," a woman's voice called out. "You're ten minutes late — on your first day, kid."

Leon stepped inside, finding Merida rising from her wooden stool, her apron smeared with blood from the fresh cuts of meat she'd been working on.

"Sorry. There was something—"

"I know. There's always something." She tossed him a knife without missing a beat. "Get to work. I'll handle the counter."

"Yes, ma'am," Leon replied, catching the knife. He moved to the side table and got to gutting immediately.

In just thirty minutes, he'd already gutted over ten animals — pigs, hens, cows. Nothing exotic. No monster corpses, either. Not that he cared. Leon was just waiting for his skill to reset.

[Cooldown: 06]

[Cooldown: 03]

[Cooldown: 00]

...

'Phew... skill crafting time. This skill that I am about to craft is not something special but I read it in a manga back on earth and the main character was really good with it.'

Let's see if it works in this world too.'

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Loose Grip."

[Skill 'Loose Grip' has been created.]

[Rank set to 'F' by default.]

[State the skill's function.]

'When used, this skill forces the target to loosen their grip on their weapon for a split second.'

[Description accepted.]

Leon's grin widened.

'If this works like I'm imagining, those three human pigs won't stand a chance.'

[Please select the chant for skill: 'Loose Grip.']

"Loose Grip."

[Chant 'Loose Grip' has been set.]

[Estimated mana cost: 5 mana per use.]

[Cooldown: 12 seconds.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

'Learn it,' Leon confirmed without hesitation, his smirk growing sharper.

[Skill 'Loose Grip' has been learned.]

Satisfied, Leon got back to work, gutting the next carcass with renewed energy as he waited to make another skill.

[Cooldown: 59:55]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: Adventurer’s guild
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chop-chop-chop.

"I'm done," Leon said as he placed the knife down and stood up from the wooden stool.

"Hmm? What did you say, kid?" Merida called from the counter, her brows furrowing.

"I said I'm done, ma'am. I don't think you'd want to gut more animals for the day — they'll just rot."

"What nonsense...?" Merida's voice trailed off, her eyes narrowing. "You're telling me you gutted all of them in just an hour and a half?"

She stepped over, her expression shifting from confusion to disbelief as she stared at the neatly separated meat.

'How is this possible? I've been butchering animals for years, and he just did a full day's work — faster and cleaner than me. This kid... he's more useful than I thought,' Merida mused, a smirk tugging at her lips as she nodded in satisfaction.

"So... can I go now, or do you need anything else?" Leon asked.

"You can go. Selling the meat's my job now. Good work for your first day, kid. Oh — here." She handed him a small bundle of fresh meat. "A gift for your family."

"Thanks. I'll see you tomorrow at eight." Leon flashed a grin and headed out.

"Bye," Merida replied, watching him leave with an amused expression.

---

The Adventurer's Guild...

The guild building stood tall in the market's center, crafted entirely from sturdy wood. People came and went, some grinning with excitement, others dragging their feet, faces pale with grief.

"Hey, kid! You new? Wanna join my party?" a muscular man called out, stepping toward Leon. "We're going on a horned rabbit hunt. You'll get experience and some coin."

"No," Leon replied flatly, walking past him.

The man blinked, stunned.

"Did he say yes?" a girl asked, approaching him.

"No," the man scoffed. "He's got that newbie attitude... thinks he can do everything alone. He'll be back. They always come crawling back, begging to join after their first failed quest, like you." A cocky smirk spread across his face.

---

Leon stepped into the bustling guild hall. The air was filled with chatter, the clink of mugs, and the rustle of paper. His eyes locked onto the crowd gathered by the southern wall, where a massive wooden board hung:

[Quest Board]

"It's always crowded in the morning..."

A soft, feminine voice spoke behind him.

Leon turned, coming face-to-face with a woman in her thirties. She wore a blue and white dress, her features mature yet gentle. Her boobs were big — but not as large as Elaine's — and her ass was fit-to-hand size.

"Yeah," Leon replied with a small smile.

"Here for a quest too?" she asked, her expression unreadable.

"Oh, no. I'm here to sell somethings," he answered.

"Ah, I see. Follow me, then." She smiled. "I'm Lisa, one of the guild's receptionists."

"Ah, I see..." Leon nodded, trailing behind her.

Lisa led him to a door labeled [Trading Room].

"Please, make yourself comfortable," she said, closing the door behind them.

The room was spacious but mostly empty, there was only a single chair and a table in the middle of the room.

Leon sat down, looking at her curiously.

"So... what would you like to trade, sir?" Lisa asked, her smile warm.

"Venomous horns from one-horned rabbits — four of them. Sets of teeth, also four. And some fur," Leon listed.

"Could you show me the items? I need to assess their condition first," Lisa requested politely.

"Sure."

"Withdraw..."

Suddenly, A screen popped up in front of him holding the items.

Leon clicked on them one by one and they started falling onto the table.

Lisa's eyes widened slightly.

"Space manipulation magic? That's rare to see. Are you a noble, by chance Sir ?" she asked, tilting her head curiously.

"...Do I have to answer that?" Leon asked, his brow furrowing.

"Not at all." Lisa chuckled softly. "Let me assess these— wait." Her fingers brushed the fur, her eyes narrowing. "This fur... it's fresh. And these horns too. Did you just hunt these rabbits today?"

Leon's expression darkened.

"Maybe I should sell them somewhere else — somewhere that doesn't ask so many questions."

"P-Please! S-Sir, I-I'm sorry!" Lisa's voice shook, panic flashing in her eyes. "I... I have a bad habit of asking too many questions. Please don't cancel the deal! I... I have kids to feed this winter. I need the commission. I already lost two sales yesterday. You're my first customer today. I-I promise, no more questions!"

Leon stared at her for a moment, then sighed.

"How much can I get?" he asked.

Lisa exhaled shakily, regaining her composure.

"Let me see... Horns are five copper per piece, teeth sets are two copper, and the fur — since it's in excellent condition — thirty copper for the lot. Please wait a moment. I'll fetch your money."

She hurried out of the room with the items.

Leon leaned back, smirking to himself.

'Five coppers per horn... that's twenty. Eight coppers for the teeth, and thirty for the fur... fifty-eight coppers total. Not bad for rabbit scraps.'

Click.

The door swung open, and Lisa returned, holding a small iron tray with a leather pouch on it.

"Here's your money after taxes, sir," she said with a strained smile.

"Taxes?" Leon blinked, confused.

"Guild tax — since you're not a member — and the Basic Imperial Tax for the king." She hesitated. "Your total comes down to forty copper."

Leon's eye twitched.

'Taxes? There's taxes in this world too? This is bullshit.'

"Umm... You can remove the guild tax by joining the guild. Do you want me to bring you a joining form, Sir ?" She asked with a smile.

"No, I am good." Leon spoke as he took the pouch and stood up.

He then walked out of the room, thinking something.

"Please come back soon. I'll be looking forward to trading with you again," Lisa said, forcing a hopeful smile on her face.

"I can bet he is going to a brothel to fuck some slim woman." Another receptionist spoke as she walked upto lisa with a smile on her face.

"Well, I can't tell the young ones where to spend their money." Lisa sighed as she started looking for another adventurer to trade with.

[Author: Next Chapter at 50 power stones, thank you. Two Chapters if we can get to 70 power stones. Happy reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: Ingredient Shopping
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After taking the money, Leon started walking toward the milk shop. Along the way, he passed several fruit stalls, scanning each one — but none had what he was looking for.

'No strawberries in this world... I need to find some kind of berries fast,' he thought, his brows furrowing slightly.

Ten minutes later, he reached the milk shop. Still no luck with the fruit stalls.

The shop stood near the church, where Leon noticed a crowd of carriages stacked in front, just like yesterday.

"Hmm... Looks like kids from other villages are here for the class declaration ceremony today." He thought, his expression neutral. He didn't linger on the thought and turned right, spotting a large shop with a bold sign:

'Milking Milkers.'

'Well... that's an odd name,' Leon mused before pushing the door open.

Ting!

A small bell chimed, drawing the attention of the girl behind the counter.

"Hello, sir, welcome to Milking— Oh... a commoner," she said, her voice trailing off the moment she saw him.

"Hi. I'd like to know the price of milk," Leon asked as he approached the counter.

"Umm... W-We don't sell by the glass, sir. You have to—"

"What's the price for a kilogram?" Leon interrupted, smiling.

Her expression evened out. "We sell a minimum of 5 kilograms for 3 coppers."

"Got it. I'll take it." He pulled out 3 coppers and placed them on the counter.

"I'll get your order right away," she said, quickly disappearing into the back.

A minute later, she returned, carrying a large jug of milk, placing it carefully on the counter.

"Here's your 5 kilograms of milk, sir," she said, this time with a more genuine smile.

Leon peered into the jug, then dipped his pinky finger in. The milk was thick and fresh — good quality. Satisfied, he picked up the jug and turned to leave.

"Hope to see you again," the girl called after him.

Once outside, Leon glanced around briefly, then activated his skill.

"Store."

The jug vanished instantly.

"Next shop," he murmured, setting off again.

---

After another 13 minutes of walking, Leon reached a small utensil shop. An old man sat behind the counter, looking bored.

"Oi, kid. This isn't a toy shop. Go back to your mother," the man grumbled without looking up.

Leon ignored the insult. "I want to buy some things."

The old man glanced at him, raising a brow. "You mean utensils?"

"Yes."

The man grunted. "What do you need?"

Leon scanned the shop, then pointed. "A big bowl like that one."

The man stood, cracking his back. "What else?"

"That iron plate too."

The old man let out a short laugh. "You a chef or something, kid?" He lifted the heavy bowl with one hand, carrying it over like it weighed nothing.

'Woah... How did he-' Leon thought as he immediately used his skill.

[Name: Jeffery]

[Class: Swordsman]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 500/500]

[HP: 1000/1000]

[Description: A dissatisfied retired adventurer working in a utensil shop to keep his family fed.]

'Ah that explains it.' Leon thought as he looked at the old man.

"Here's your plate and bowl. That'll be 5 coppers."

'Five coppers? That's expensive. This better work, or I'm going broke.'

Leon sighed, handing over the money. He picked up the heavy items and walked out.

The second he was outside, he activated his skill again.

"Store."

The plate and bowl disappeared.

'That's three spots taken. I have to be careful with the remaining inventory space — if it fills up, the skill goes on cooldown.'

---

Leon continued walking, eventually coming across two side-by-side shops — one a bakery, the other selling honey and some wild berries.

He entered the bakery first and bought seven long loaves of bread.

"Store.."

Next, he walked into the neighboring shop. An elderly woman sat at the counter, small jars of honey lined neatly in front of her. A pile of small blue berries rested on the side.

"Hello, young man! Want some honey or berries?" she asked with a warm smile.

"Yeah. Two jars of honey," Leon answered, returning the smile. He activated his skill, inspecting the berries.

[Name: Myrren Berries]

[Type: Fruit]

[Quality: Common]

[Description: Myrren, also known as "Mage's Bane" — revered for its mana-restoring properties and wonderful aroma, but cursed for its unbearably bitter taste.

Recovers 30 mana over 10 seconds.]

"I'll take some berries too," Leon added.

The woman blinked in surprise. "These are Myrren berries, kid. Are you sure? They're terribly bitter."

Leon nodded confidently. "I'm sure."

"Well... that'll be 2 coppers," she said, still looking puzzled.

He handed over the coins and stored everything before heading toward the meeting spot where he told Ellie to meet him.

---

After walking for about 4 minutes, Leon reached the familiar road. He glanced around — but Ellie wasn't there.

"Hah... What was I thinking? I have to do this on my own," he muttered, disappointment tugging at his voice. He turned to leave.

But, a faint tug on his pants stopped him.

Leon turned around, startled. Ellie stood there, looking up at him.

"Ah... you came?" Leon asked, surprised, but a genuine smile tugged at his lips.

"How do i make money ?" she asked softly, her voice barely above a whisper.

Leon chuckled, his smile growing. "Well, follow me."

Without hesitation, Ellie followed as Leon led the way toward a local inn.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: Creame Puffs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Leon and Ellie walked into the inn... A woman in her 40's welcomed them.

"Hello, Young one... Would you like A room, A hot meal or Someone to spend the night with in your room ?" She asked with a casual smile.

'Did I just walked into a brothel ?' Leon thought as he looked around and noticed people eating on their tables and talking to each other.

"Hello ? You still with me, Young man ?" She asked with a confused expression.

"I would like a room." Leon replied.

"That would be 4 coppers for 24 hours and 2 meals." She replied.

"What if I get the meals removed ?" Leon asked.

"3 coppers." She replied.

"I will take it." Leon replied as he pulled out 3 coppers from his pocket and gave it to the lady.

"Good... Come with me, I will show you the way to your room." She replied with a smile.

"Okay." Leon replied as he started walking behind her and Ellie followed him without wasting another second.

....

After walking upto the second floor... She stopped on the second room from the left.

"Here is the key... There is only one bed, your slave has to sleep on the ground and food is available downstairs, if you want some... Tell me, but that will be extra charge.

Enjoy your stay." She spoke as she handed out the key to Leon and left.

*Pull*

Suddenly, Ellie pulled Leon's pants.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at her with a Confused expression.

"I-I am a boy... So, You can't sleep with me." She spoke in a worried tone.

"Yeah, don't worry... I am not here to sleep with you." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

'She is afraid, I can tell.' Leon thought as he noticed her legs trembling.

*Click*

He opened the room's door and entered inside the room.

Ellie followed him inside the room with a little hesitation.

"Now... What skills do you have ?" Leon asked as he looked at Ellie.

"Skills ?" She asked with a confused expression.

"Can you remove that blanket from your face ? I can't talk to a blanket anymore." Anon spoke.

"Y-Yes." Ellie replied as she slowly removed the blanket from her face and two brown furry pointy dog ears popped out.

She had long brown hairs, two small dog like ears on her head and a very cute face.

As she removed the blanket from the rest of her body, Leon noticed that she was wearing nothing but a dirty cloth around her small body and there were injury marks over her shoulder.

There was a small tail coming out from her lower back.

"Good... What skills do you have ?" Leon asked again.

"I-I can warm up food and mix things really good." She replied with a shy expression, not making eye contact with Leon.

"So... You don't have any other skills ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"No, Sir." She replied.

'How can this be ? She has a class... But, doesn't have a proper cooking skill ?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Well let's see... How good can you cook. Withdraw..." Leon spoke as he opened his inventory and clicked on the milk jug.

Suddenly, The huge milk jug appeared in his hands.

"Here is milk... Now let's turn it into cream." Leon spoke as he started thinking something before activating his skill.

'That should do it...'

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Alchemy..." Leon spoke.

[Skill {Alchemy} has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"Allows the user to combine basic ingredients to create low-quality potions, salves, and powders. Can also alter the consistency and form of organic materials to a limit.

This skill can be Leveled up and with each level up the final product becomes more stable." Leon spoke.

'I saw this skill in a third class rpg game back on earth and I didn't even wanted to make it... But, I want to transform the milk into cream and maybe it may come handy in the future, I can make aphrodisiac potions, arousal lotions and even confusion creating powders to fuck more MILFs but I have to get the recipes for them first. Hehehehe...' Leon thought as he started thinking of perverted possibilities of the skill.

[Processing...]

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill 'Alchemy'.]

"Synthesize." Leon spoke.

'What is he doing ? Who is he talking to ?' Ellie thought with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated: 20 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated: 10 minutes after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it?]

'Such high mana cost and long cooldown...' Leon thought as looked at the screen for a second.

"Learn it." Leon replied.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Alchemy (F1)}]

"Okay... Let's do this." Leon spoke as he hovered his hand over the milk jug and used his skill on it.

"Synthesize..."

As soon as he activated the skill, A screen popped up in front of him.

[Mix]

[Consistency Change]

[Shape Change]

Leon immediately clicked on the second option.

[Object 'Milk' has been detected. Would you like to change it's consistency ?] [Yes/No.]

'Yes, Make it thicker.' Leon thought.

Suddenly, The milk started turning thicker into a cream like form but before it could've turned any more thicker... Leon stopped the skill.

"Woah... You are a mage." Ellie spoke with a shocked expression as she looked at the milk jug.

"Phew... Now, Next step. Withdraw" Leon spoke as he immediately opened his inventory and clicked on the berries.

Suddenly, the berries appeared in his hand.

"Here... Crush them tightly in your hand and hold them over the jug until their juice starts coming out. Can you do that ?" Leon asked.

"Y-Yeah..." Ellie spoke as she took the Myrren Berries from Leon's hand and crushed them tightly with her hand while holding them over the jug.

"Crush them tighter..." Leon spoke.

"Y-Yes..." Ellie replied as she crushed them even tighter and blue coloured liquid started coming out of her hands.

"Good... Now keep crushing them like that until the juice stops coming out. I will prepare the rest of the items." Leon spoke as he opened the inventory and pulled out the utensils that he bought from the shop and placed them on the ground.

He then pulled out the honey jars and bread loafs.

"Phew... I hope everything goes as planned." Leon thought as he turned around and noticed that Ellie is doing her best to extract the juices out of the berries.

After 1 minute, the berries stopped dropping any juice.

"That's good enough... Throw the berries down and bring that jug over here." Leon spoke as he poured the two jars of honey into the big iron bowl.

"Hyaaa~" Ellie let out a weird sound as she picked up the whole jar of cream struggling with all her might.

"Don't drop it kid..." Leon spoke.

"Y-Yes, Sir." She replied as she carried the jug to Leon somehow.

"Okay, now... Pour it into this bowl." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Sir." She replied as she picked up the jug once again started pouring the cream into the bowl with honey already in it.

"Now... Can you warm it up and mix this ?" Leon asked.

"O-Okay..." She spoke with a hesitated expression as she sat down on the floor and touched the bowl with both hands as she closed her eyes.

Suddenly, The mixture in it started mixing and heating up on it's own.

10 minutes later...

The mixture's colour has turned into shade of dark purple and it's releasing a very sweet and delicious aroma from it.

*SNIFFFFFFFFFFFFFF*

"Haah... Smells amazing, you can stop now-" Leon started speaking but stopped as he noticed that Ellie is drooling as her eyes are focused on the cream.

"Do you want to taste some ?" Leon asked with a smile.

*Shake-Shake*

She immediately Shaked her head in 'No' as her cheeks turned red.

"It's Free to taste." Leon replied.

*Nod-Nod*

Suddenly, she started nodding her head in 'Yes'.

"Well... Here, have a taste." Leon spoke as he dipped his fingers into the cream and raised it in front of Ellie's mouth.

Ellie opened her mouth with an embarrassed expression and slowly licked it.

But as soon as she did... Her eyes shined brightly and she started sucking on Leon's finger as if it's a lolipop.

*Bite*

"Ouch, Hey calm down... It's my finger not some treat." Leon shouted as he immediately pulled out his finger from her mouth.

But as he turned to look at her, he noticed that she is covering her head and sitting in a defensive position as if he is going to hit her.

"Hey... I am not going to hit you for that, I am sorry if I scared you." Leon replied as he looked at Ellie.

Ellie didn't speak anything as she looked at Leon.

"Now... We need to fill this cream in these breads." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the bread loafs that he had converted into small croissant like shapes with his alchemy skill.

"Wait here... I will come back in a moment." Leon spoke as he immediately stood up and exited the room.

1 minute later...

*Click*

Leon returned back with A spoon and A knife.

"Okay... Let's do this. So, All you have to do is... Take this bread and cut it from above with this knife but only make a small hole and then pick up cream with this spoon and full it up like this.

Here you have it... A creame puff. Do you understand ?" Leon spoke as he showed the process to Ellie.

"Creame puff..." Ellie repeated as she looked at the Cream puff with shining eyes.

"Now, You make it." Leon spoke as he handed over the knife to her.

Ellie immediately followed what Leon had showed her and she did it better than him, she filled the cream into the bread with a smaller hole and without breaking it up.

"Done." Ellie spoke as she showed the Creame puff to Leon.

[Name: Creame Puff]

[Type: Dessert]

[Quality: Uncommon]

[Description: A delicious dessert that can regenerate 100 mana and reduce skill cooldown by 10% for 10 seconds.]

Leon inspected Ellie's Creame puff and a shocked expression appeared over his face.

He then used the inspect skill on his creame puff.

[Name: Creame Puff]

[Type: Dessert]

[Quality: Common]

[Description: A delicious dessert that can regenerate 50 mana for 10 seconds.]

'I was right...' Leon thought with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: All Sold Out
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Inn's Room...

Leon stood beside Ellie, gazing at the plate piled high with cream puffs.

"Well, all that's left is to sell them. And you," he said, turning to Ellie, "will be the one selling them."

"B-But, Sir... No one would buy from me. I'm dirty and not good-looking," she replied hesitantly.

"Don't worry," Leon reassured her. "They'll sell on their own. All you need to do is hold them and walk around the market. The sweet aroma alone is enough to make anyone drool."

Ellie still looked uncertain. "But, Sir... How much should I sell them for?"

Leon glanced at the plate. "That's twenty-eight cream puffs... The ingredients cost about twenty-one coppers... Hmm, five coppers should be enough."

"S-Sir... That's a huge loss... If you sold all of them for five coppers-"

"Per piece." Leon replied with a smile.

Ellie's eyes widened. 'That's 140 coppers! That's way too much... Who would buy them for that price?'

"Don't worry, they'll sell," Leon assured her. "Just take them and go. I'll take care of the leftover cream in the meantime." He picked up the plate and handed it to Ellie.

"Y-Yes... But how much do I get?" she asked, her voice trembling with both confusion and fear.

"Well, I'm earning five coppers per piece, so I'll give you two coppers-"

"Two coppers... Thank you, Sir." Ellie spoke as she cutted Leon in the middle of his talking.

".... for each one you sell." But Leon continued after.

Ellie gasped. "W-What!? That means... If I sell them all, I'll get fifty-six coppers!?"

Leon smirked. "That's right. Now go on—I'll be watching from here. Don't wander too far from the inn."

"A-As you say..." Ellie whispered before hurriedly covering her face and stepping out of the room.

Within five minutes, she was outside, standing in the bustling marketplace, nervously clutching the plate.

'How much time is left on Skill Crafter's cooldown?' Leon wondered. A screen immediately materialized before his eyes.

[Cooldown: 33:56]

'Still some time left... This will probably be the last skill I craft today since the suns will set soon.'

A cool breeze swept through the kingdom, sending a collective shiver through the streets.

'If I had tried selling these on a normal day, I doubt many people would buy them. But with winter approaching, a warm, sweet-smelling cream puff? Who could resist?' A smile tugged at his lips.

"Buy some cream puffs! Fresh, warm cream puffs!" Ellie's voice rang out through the market, growing louder with each call.

"Hmm? What's that smell?"

"Yeah... It smells incredible."

A kind-looking elderly woman approached Ellie with a curious smile. "Hello, dear. What is that wonderful aroma?"

"T-These are cream puffs, ma'am," Ellie said hesitantly.

"And how much are they?"

"F-Five coppers..."

The old woman gasped. "Oh my! Are you serious, child? Five coppers for one?"

"Y-Yes, ma'am," Ellie answered, shrinking under the skeptical gazes now directed her way.

"Why so expensive ?" a young man asked as he stepped forward.

Ellie hesitated for a second but answered, "B-Because... they're warm and soft. When you take a bite, the sweet, creamy filling melts in your mouth, coating it in rich flavor. The bread is light and airy, making it even more delicious."

Leon, still watching from above, felt his mouth water.

'Well... That sounded really delicious-' Leon's thoughts were immediately interrupted by a half-transparent screen popping in front of his face.

[Warning: You are under the effect of .]

His eyes widened in shock. 'She has another skill!? And she doesn't even know about it? Fuck, I'm drooling like an animal!'

He turned abruptly, spotting the leftover cream and some bread on the table.

"Bon appétit," he muttered before grabbing a piece of bread, dipping it into the cream, and devouring it in one bite.

...

"I'll buy one," the old woman declared, pulling out five coppers and handing them to Ellie.

Ellie quickly gave her a cream puff, her heart pounding in anticipation.

Bite.

The old woman took her first bite, and just as Ellie had described, the warm, luscious cream flooded her mouth with an explosion of sweetness.

The crowd watched in silence, waiting for her reaction.

"Oh my... Give me two more!" The woman eagerly fished out ten more coppers. "These are absolutely divine! What did you call them again?"

"C-Cream puffs, ma'am. Thank you for buying!" Ellie beamed, handing over two more.

"I want one!"

"Me too!"

"Give me three!"

One by one, the every by-stander started buying, and the moment they took a bite, their faces lit up with pleasure. The aroma, combined with their delighted reactions, attracted more and more customers until—

"I-I'm sorry, but... we're sold out," Ellie said hesitantly, looking down at the empty plate.

'That was fast... I didn't expect them to go this quickly!' Leon thought as he looked down with a smile.

"Hey, kid," a man in his thirties approached. "Do you know the recipe for these? I'll buy it for one silver coin." He pulled out the shining coin, flashing it in front of her.

Ellie hesitated. She did know the recipe—she had watched Leon make them from scratch. But...

"N-No... I don't know. My boss makes them," she replied quickly before grabbing the plate and hurrying back inside the inn.

"Fuck, I should've offered her more..." the man muttered in disappointment as he walked away.

---

Inside Leon's Room...

Ellie set the bag of coins down in front of Leon.

"I-I haven't taken anything, Sir. There are 140 coppers inside. Please count them if—"

"No need. Here, these are yours." Without hesitation, he pulled out fifty-six coppers and placed them in her hands.

Ellie stared at them in shock.

"Oh, and take this too." Leon handed her an empty pouch—the one he had received from the Adventurer's Guild earlier, now emptied into another bag.

The moment Ellie held the pouch, tears welled up in her eyes.

"Hey... I promised you fifty-six coppers. No need to cry over it," Leon said, his tone neutral.

"T-Thank you, Sir. I... I can't thank you enough." Ellie's voice wavered. "My family—me, my two brothers, and my mother—we haven't eaten in three days. But today... you appeared out of nowhere. I-I can't thank you enough, Sir. You're like a god to me."

She suddenly dropped to her knees, pressing her hands together in gratitude.

"Hey, If your family is in need of work... How about you guys work for me ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Ellie.

'Beastkin are more immune to cold due to their fur. They can make some good workers in winters.' Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: Glitch Point
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon sat inside a wagon heading toward his village, staring at a translucent screen.

'Phew... This skill will be a little tricky, but if I can create it without the system realizing what I'm trying to do, it could become one of the most overpowered skills—especially when combined with others.'

He looked outside and noticed he was nearing the village.

"I'll get off here," Leon said, tapping the wagon driver's back.

"Hmm...? But didn't you pay for the full trip to the village, kid?" the wagon driver asked with a puzzled expression.

"Yeah... but I feel like walking today."

Leon hopped off the wagon and began walking toward the forest where he had first woken up.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Glitch Point."

[Skill 'Glitch Point' has been created.]

[Rank has been set to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of the skill.]

[When used, this passive skill will point out small or negligible inconsistencies, errors, or weak points in anything. The accuracy depends on the user's focus and knowledge. If the user knows nothing about the subject, the skill is completely useless and won't display anything.]

[Processing...]

'If I can get this skill... it will be a huge leap.'

Leon kept glancing at the screen while walking, but this time, the processing was taking unusually long.

"Oi... Dog, come here."

A familiar voice rang in his ears.

Leon slowly turned to his left and saw Jack standing under the same tree where he had first woken up. Just as Leon had expected, Jack wasn't alone. He had brought his two lackeys—a muscular brute and a thin, sharp-eyed guy who looked kind of intelligent.

[Processing...]

'Fuck... Why is it taking so long to process?'

Leon stole another glance at the half-transparent screen in front of him.

"The fuck are you looking at the ground for?" Jack sneered.

"What do you want?" Leon asked, his tone serious.

"What do I want? I want you to get on your fucking knees and beg for your fucking life... or he'll kill you right now." Jack gestured toward his muscular friend.

"Well... that's not happening," Leon replied flatly.

"Oi, kid... This guy is the village chief's son. Do you really think you and your family can live peacefully after pissing him off? Just apologize like a good little boy, and we can all go home—after giving you a good near-death beating," the skinny guy sneered.

Leon didn't respond. Instead, he simply raised his middle finger toward all three of them.

"I knew it... You've finally lost it. Kill him, Fred," Jack ordered, swinging his hand toward his muscular lackey.

Crack-Crack

"With pleasure..." Fred cracked his knuckles and stepped forward.

'Let's do this...'

Leon focused on a small stone lying about 2.7 meters away on the ground.

'That's the range...' Leon thought.

"I'll knock some sense into you... fucker," Fred growled, advancing.

As soon as he stepped onto the stone, Leon activated his skill.

"Blind Spot."

In an instant, he vanished from Fred's sight.

"What!?" Fred muttered, confused.

Before he could react, Leon's voice rang out from behind him.

"Fucking giant bastard... Take this!"

A swift, powerful kick landed directly between Fred's legs crushing his nuts completely.

Thud

The moment Leon's foot connected, Fred's face turned pale. His entire body seized up from the overwhelming pain. Not a single sound escaped his lips.

"Oh, fuck..." the skinny guy muttered, his face tense.

"What the—!?" Jack's eyes widened in disbelief.

Fred instinctively clutched his crotch, his entire body bending forward. Leon seized the opportunity and re-casted his skill again in a split second.

"Blind Spot."

He darted in front of Fred and delivered a brutal uppercut to his jaw with everything he had.

Because of the skill's invisibility effect, Fred never saw it coming.

Pow

"Ughhh..." Blood and saliva sprayed from Fred's mouth and nose.

Leon didn't stop at that... He wanted to completely neutralize him.

"Blind Spot."

He moved again, repositioning to Fred's right side and launching a powerful kick into his lower abdomen.

Kick

"Gwahh—"

THUD

Fred collapsed, unconscious. His body had endured more pain than his mind could handle.

Everything had happened so fast that Jack and the skinny guy were left frozen in shock.

"Y-You said... he's just a normal kid," the skinny guy stammered, pulling a small knife from his pocket.

"H-He was... I-I don't know how he's doing that," Jack muttered, his voice shaking.

"Well... let's see if he can fight barehanded against a blade." The skinny guy spoke as he took a step forward.

"Come on, man... That's not fair. You have a weapon, and I'm unarmed," Leon said, his expression neutral.

"I don't know how you did that to Fred. It was impressive, kid, but this time, your little tricks won't work.

I am a man with blade, and I'm going to carve you up," the skinny guy sneered, tightening his grip on the knife.

Leon scoffed. "You call that a blade? Did you steal it from the kitchen while your mom was chopping vegetables?"

"You're dead..."

The skinny guy lunged at Leon.

"Loose Grip."

The moment Leon activated the skill, the knife slipped from the guy's fingers.

Clang

"What the—"

Before he could finish, Leon stepped forward and smashed his fist into his face with full force.

Pow

Thud

The skinny guy collapsed to the ground, dazed.

"F-Fuck..." he groaned.

Leon bent down and picked up the fallen knife.

"Now... what do you think about this situation, man-without-a-blade?" Leon grinned, pointing the knife at him.

"I-I want to... run."

The skinny guy scrambled to his feet and bolted, disappearing into the bushes without looking back.

"Well... he's reliable," Leon muttered sarcastically.

He turned to Jack, who was now trembling.

"Now, what about you, fat pig? You can't fight or run. I mean you can try... That would be funny to watch."

"S-Stay away from me... I-I'm the chief's son, you fucking dog!" Jack stammered, taking a step back.

"You still have that cocky attitude, huh?" Leon kept advancing.

"I-I said... Stay the fuck awa—!"

Jack's foot suddenly plunged into a hidden hole filled with sharpened wooden stakes, that Leon created three day ago to catch the horned rabbits.

Stab

Pain shot through his leg as the stakes pierced deep into his flesh.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH! MY FUCKING LEG!!!" Jack screamed in agony.

Clang

Leon tossed the knife toward him.

"You know... they say that once the sun goes down, this area gets really busy," Leon remarked with a smirk.

"W-What—!?"

"That might come in handy. Bye."

Leon turned and walked away.

"O-Oi... Come back! Y-You can't leave me here to die! I-I'm the chief's son!" Jack shouted in desperation.

"Then call him for help, you fucking pig."

Leon left the forest with a satisfied grin.

"Well... let's go home and have sex."

[Description Accepted]

Suddenly, A screen popped up in front of him.

"Nice..." Leon spoke with a smile.

[Author: I will upload two more Chapters today, If we can get 70 power stones. Happy reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: Two Stupid Guards.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Vernon Village

Two guards sat idly at the village's main gate, exchanging idle chatter under the dim glow of lantern light.

"So... what's for dinner tonight?" one asked, stretching his arms with a yawn.

"What do you think? Bread and some meat soup."

"Lucky bastard. We're still saving up for a new house—can't afford meat and look at you rich filthy son of a bitch, Eating meat soup huh ?"

"Not even the cheap—wait, who's that?" The guard on the right suddenly stiffened, pointing toward a shadowy figure approaching the village.

Both of them stood up from their chairs and grabbed their spears tightly.

"That's the kid who got beaten up by the chief's son... Leon, I think his name is?" the other guard replied, squinting into the darkness.

---

Leon smirked as he spotted the guards. 'These two idiots... might make good test subjects for my skill.'

"Glitch," he muttered under his breath, activating the ability.

Immediately, his vision adjusted. The guard on the right had a faint red glow on his left knee, while the one on the left had a similar mark on his right shoulder.

'Weak points... or old injuries?' Leon mused as he casually approached them.

"Evening, gentlemen," he greeted with an easy smile.

"Evening, Leon," the chubbier of the two acknowledged him. "Where've you been this late?"

"Ah, got a job in the kingdom. Butcher shop. The owner doesn't let me leave early, so... yeah, it gets late." He lied effortlessly, maintaining an unreadable expression.

"Hey, your hand... it's bruised. There's even some blood. Got into a fight?" The leaner guard leaned forward, inspecting Leon's knuckles.

"Yeah. Some guy tried to snatch my money. So, I gave him a good punch and bolted." Leon grinned.

The chubby guard chuckled. "You don't look that strong."

"Neither was he. Just some scrawny thief." Leon waved dismissively before tilting his head toward the guard. "By the way, how's your knee?"

The guard flinched. "Ah... better than before, I suppose. But... wait. How do you know about that? I never told anyone except my wife."

Leon's mind raced for an excuse, but before he could speak, the other guard scoffed. "Women, man. You tell them something, and it spreads like wildfire. Your wife probably told the village ladies, and the news got around."

"But... you didn't know," the chubby guard argued.

"Well, now I do. See? News travels fast."

Leon resisted the urge to roll his eyes. 'These two are supposed to protect the village? With brains this tiny?'

"So, what happened to your knee?" he asked, feigning curiosity.

The chubby guard sighed. "Not much of a story. We were out hunting horned rabbits but stumbled into a thornboar's cave. Had to run for our lives. Its offspring chased us, and one of them shot a thorn straight through my knee. It still hurts like hell if you touch it. If their mother had been home... well, we wouldn't be talking right now."

"Yeah," the leaner guard chimed in. "I took a thorn to my shoulder. We went to the church for healing, but they wanted a silver coin each. I mean, if I had a silver, I'd stop feeling pain instantly, Hahaha!"

"Hahaha!... Yeah, me too."

The two burst into laughter, seemingly amused by their own misery.

Leon sighed and walked past them without another word. 'So, the skill highlights vulnerabilities. That could be useful...'

He glanced around the village. Red dots shimmered on the walls of various houses—weak structures, hidden cracks, places susceptible to damage. 'Interesting.'

With a flick of his fingers, he deactivated the skill and approached his home. He knocked twice.

Knock-knock.

A sweet voice rang from inside. "Comingggg!"

The sound of hurried footsteps approached, followed by the soft click of the door unlocking. As it swung open, the first thing to cross the threshold wasn't Elaine's face—but her huge boobs, bouncing like crazy.

Boing-Boing.

Elaine's cheeks flushed a deep shade of red as she quickly straightened herself. "Oh! Leon, you're back..."

"Boobs..." Leon spoke as lust took over him and he only saw his mother's huge boobs.

[Author: I am sorry for short Chapter. I will make up for it in next Chapter.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: Soaked Kitchen Floor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon locked the gates behind him, his dick throbbing with heat.

Leon's body twitched at the sight of Elaine's curves, but he held himself back—for now because Selene was standing right besides her with a neutral expression on her face.

"So... how was it, Leo?" Elaine asked, crossing her arms and a smile on her face.

"It was good... everything went well and I brought you guys some leftover meat." Leon spoke with a smile as he handed over the meat to Elaine.

Selene's eyes gleamed as she practically drooled at the meat "Hehehe... meat, mom please make it fast."

"First of all both of you clean up. I'll get the dinner ready until than." Elaine spoke as she turned around and walked towards the kitchen, her fat ass swaying with every step she took.

Leon watched carefully, his fingers twitching as his tongue licked his lips.

'Even in a long skirt... Her ass cheeks are completely visible.' Leon thought.

"Hey, you know what ? Come, I'll wash your back, I still owe it to you from the last time." Selene spoke with a smile as she exited through the back door.

"Yeah, yeah... I will be right with you but before that...." Leon smirked and instead of following Selene, he walked into the kitchen.

As soon as he entered inside the kitchen, Leon noticed a fabulous view...

Elaine was bent over, reaching under the kitchen slab, picking up something.

Without wasting another second, Leon took the opportunity and grabbed her thick ass, his fingers sinking in, rubbing his hard cock against her huge ass cheeks through his pants.

"Hey, hey, hey—!" Elaine gasped, jerking upright, her face red with embarrassment.

"What's wrong, Mother ?" Leon spoke as he didn't let go of her ass cheeks.

Elaine swallowed hard, her legs pressing together.

"L-Leo... what happened last night was... not good." She spoke with a red face.

Leon grinned. "Not good ? I was that bad?"

"N-No! You were... I-I don't mean it like that but—"

"So you did enjoy it, Mother." Leon spoke as he slowly grabbed her boobs.

"That's not—ahh!" She winced as her sore ass hit the counter.

Leon moved fast, grabbed her hand and pulled her forward.

"L-Leo... w-wait..."

"Shhh... calm down." Leon spoke as his palm smoothed over her ass, a faint glow spreading.

"Heal."

Elaine gasped as the soreness vanished instantly and her swollen ass and pussy returned back to their normal state.

"W-What did you—?"

Leon's eyes darkened as he immediately used another skill.

"Remis."

Suddenly heat slammed through her.

"Ahhhhn~" Elaine's body trembled, her fingers digging into Leon's shoulders as pure, raw pleasure coursed through her whole body.

Her pussy clenched—wet, needy and desperate for the taste of Leon's cock.

"Leo... y-you can't..."

His hand slid lower, slipping into her panties.

Warm, drenched and throbbing.

Elaine's breath hitched, her body betraying her completely. She felt Leon's hand aggressively rubbing over her clit and pussy...

"Fuck," Leon groaned. "So wet already? You really are a slut, Mother."

Elaine's knees buckled, her massive tits pressing against his chest.

"N-No... I-I am not a Slu-" Before she could've completed her sentence, Leon smirked, as he grabbed her wrist, and placed her palm over his rock-hard cock.

Elaine's eyes widened.

'His dick is so hard again ? For an old lady like me ? Why ?' She thought in her mind but thoughts were slowly disappearing from her mind and only slutty memories started rushing in.

---

"Leon... Are you coming or not?" Selene's voice called out, growing more impatient.

"Where is he?" Selene asked, stepping back inside the house. She began searching through the rooms, her footsteps quiet but quick.

She entered the kitchen, noticing Elaine standing by the slab. Only she was there.

"Mom... where's Leon?" Selene asked, her voice tinged with concern. "I promised to wash his back. He said he was coming, but... he didn't come."

Elaine stiffened, her body betraying her as a soft moan escaped her lips. She gripped the slab tightly, her legs trembling crazy, but she didn't answer.

"Mom?" Selene asked, noticing the flush spreading across Elaine's face. "Are you... okay? You look... different."

Elaine's breath hitched, a desperate, barely audible moan slipping past her lips. "I-I'm fine... Anhh~" she gasped, trying to steady herself. But her body betrayed her, her legs squeezing together as she struggled to remain composed. "I'm... fine... perfectly fineeeee~"

Selene's brow furrowed. "You don't look fine to me... Are you sure you're alright?"

Elaine's hands clenched the counter, her breath coming in sharp, uneven gasps. Then, a strange, rhythmic sound filled the air.

Lick. Lick.

Selene looked around in confusion. "What was that sound?"

Elaine's voice faltered. "I-I don't hear anything... So—ahhh..." she moaned again, her chest rising as a shudder wracked her body. Her dress strained against her, revealing the hard nipples of her boobs popping out on their own and pressing against the fabric.

Lick. Lick. Lick.

"There it is again," Selene said, her voice filled with suspicion. "What is that?"

Elaine's face turned an even deeper shade of red. She shifted uncomfortably. "I-I think... Leon is calling you from the Anhh~ other roommmm~," she spoke, avoiding Selene's gaze as she continued to look up.

"Mom, why are you acting like this?" Selene asked, her confusion deepening as she noticed Elaine's erratic behavior.

"Just... go," Elaine said, her voice strained, desperate, with a look in her eyes that told Selene not to question her further.

"F-Fine... I will go." Selene spoke as she immediately exited the kitchan started walking towards the other room.

As soon as Selene went out, Elaine placed her left hand over the counter and right hand over her mouth.

"Anhh- Mnhhhhhh~" Elaine's eye immediately went all the way back and turned white as she grabbed the slab with her left hand while covering her mouth tightly with her right hand.

Her hips went back and forth like a crazy female rabbit in heat.

'Cumminnnnnggggggg~' Elaine thought as she released a fountain of cum from her pussy covering the whole kitchen floor and her skirt in it.

*Squirrrrrrrrt*

After she calmed down a bit, a hand came out from the inside of her long skirt and slowly picked it up.

"Phew... That was good, Cumming in front of your daughter." Leon spoke with a smile as he walked out.

"You really covered my face with so much cum, Mom. Have some shame... Cumming on your son's face while he hides in your skirt, what kind of slutty mother are you ?" Leon spoke with a teasing smile as he pulled out her panty from his pocket and started wiping off his face with it.

"W-What have you done to me...?" Elaine asked as she removed her hand from her mouth and looked at Leon with a confused and Angry expression.

"I will tell you that in the bed tonight... So, Don't wear any panties until you want to get them completely soaked like this one." Leon spoke as he placed her panties in her mouth and left the kitchen with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: Backsho- Back wash
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon stepped out of the kitchen, only to find Selene standing there, her arms crossed, her lips pursed in mild annoyance.

"Where have you been? I've searched the whole house three times already. Do you not want me to wash your back ?" Selene pouted, her voice filled with irritation.

Leon chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck. "Ah... I was just talking to Mom. I don't know why, but her whole face was red, and she was sweating so much."

Selene raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, right? I asked her if something was wrong, and she just said, 'Just go away.' I mean, she can tell us if something's bothering her."

Leon smirked knowingly. "Well... maybe it's something she doesn't want you— I mean us—to know. Anyway, let's go. I'm ready to get my back washed."

"Fine..." Selene huffed, dropping the subject and following Leon out the back door.

---

Inside the Kitchen...

Elaine gripped the edge of the kitchen counter, her legs trembling, her body still buzzing from the aftermath of orgasm that Leon's tongue gave her.

"W-What just happened? I... I was shaking my hips like a bitch in heat while he licked my pussy—right in front of my daughter, His own sister."

Her fingers slipped between her legs, rubbing in desperate circles, her cum still dripping down her thighs. The memory of his tongue swirling inside her, the way he sucked on her clit so greedily, sent another shudder through her body.

"I-It was so filthy... but the pleasure... The pleasure was too much. I-I couldn't stop myself. I let him lick my pussy like I was not his mother, but a personal toy."

She bit her lip, her breaths ragged as she furiously rubbed her soaked pussy. "Where did he learn to do that? I have heard no man doing this to their woman, It's like he was born with this talent and now it's coming out with his age."

Her knees buckled as another wave of heat flooded her. "N-No... Tonight, I have to stop him... I have to set boundaries. But when he touches me... I turn into this s-slut like woman." She spoke with a very embarrassed expression.

A whimper escaped her lips as she bent over the counter, shoving her face into her cum-soaked panties, inhaling her own filthy cum's scent as her fingers rubbed her swollen clit even harder.

---

Backyard of the House...

Selene's fingers glided over Leon's bare back, her touch firm as she pressed her body close. "So... you visited the kingdom. Did you see any beautiful girls? Maybe someone you'd want as a girlfriend?" she purred.

Leon smirked. "Why would I need other girls?"

Selene let out a soft laugh, her hands slowly roaming lower. "Well, you know... there are some things you can't do alone."

Leon turned his head slightly, eyes glinting with amusement. "Like what?"

Selene leaned in, her breath hot against his ear. "Like getting your needs satisfied. And I mean... Bed needs."

Leon chuckled. "The Adventurer's Inn provides that service."

Selene huffed, her nails lightly scratching his back. "You idiot... a service provider won't bear you a child and pamper you every night."

"True," Leon admitted, a smirk tugging at his lips.

"So... what do you want in a woman?" Selene asked, as her fingers traced small circles down his spine.

Leon's voice dropped lower, smooth and commanding. "Huge tits, a fat ass, a cute little face..."

'Let's see if she falls for this one,' Leon thought, his smirk widening.

Selene rolled her eyes but smiled. "Aren't you a pervert?"

Leon leaned back slightly, his voice dripping with amusement. "Whenever I come back from work, she'll wash my back... but not with her hands. She'll wash me with her soft, heavy tits, grinding against me while soaking my skin in hot water."

"Remis." Leon whispered as he activated the spell, sending a heated wave of arousal straight into Selene's pussy.

A gasp tore from her lips as liquid fire coursed through her veins. One of her hands shot down, grabbing her soaked pussy as her thighs clenched together.

'W-What is happening?! Every time I'm near him... my body turns so hot...' she thought, biting her lip as another jolt of pleasure rocked through her.

Her breath hitched, her nipples stiffening as an unbearable hunger coiled deep inside her womb. She squeezed her fingers tighter feeling the clenching of her pussy.

'Another one...' Leon thought as he activated one more skill.

"Misk..."

'You also have Huge Boobs and A fat ass... Will it feels good if you rubbed your boobs against your brother's back ?- Send these thoughts to Selene's mind.'

[Thoughts Sent to Selene's Mind Successfully.]

'Hmm... I also have Huge boobs and A fat ass...' Selene thought as she turned around and looked at her bubbly butt.

'Will it make him feel good to rub my boobs against his back ? I mean... He brought meat and worked so hard for us, I can repay him a little by doing something that he likes, right ?' Elaine thought as her heartbeat got really fast and her ears stopped listening to any outer noise.

Her pussy started to leak as she opened the strings of her tight blouse and...

[Author: Next Chapter at 20 Power stones. Happy reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: Selene is innocent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moment Selene tugged the last silk string of her bodice loose, her heavy tits spilled free with a lewd, jiggling bounce--Boing. Boing. Her swollen pink nipples hardened instantly, pebbling under the cool air as her pussy throbbed between her thick thighs, arousing her with every passing second.

She bit her lip, then leaned forward, pressing

her bare chest against Leon's back. The second

her stiff perky nipples dragged over his skin, a shaky whimper escaped her mouth.

"Mmn~"

'She's really doing it... Dumb bitch. Both of these mother and daughter are so fucking easy to manipulate.' Leon thought as he smirked to himself while his cock started getting hard once again.

"Ah... Your hands feel so soooft~" Leon lied, his voice smooth. "Feels so good~"

Selene's breath hitched, 'He likes it...'

The praise sent a jolt of heat straight to her cunt, her hips grinding reflexively against nothing as she rutted her tits harder against Leon's back as if she just wants more appreciation from him.

She didn't care that her swollen nipples were leaking from the pressure, the warm streaks of milk smeared across Leon's skin with every filthy, up-and-down roll of her boobs.

Squelch. Squeeze.

The wetter she got, the messier it became- her

milk slicked his back, her nipples catching and

twisting with every desperate thrust. Pleasure

coiled low in her belly, shame burning her cheeks but she showed no signs of stopping.

'Fuck... what am I doing? He is my brother and I am rubbing my boobs on his back.'

Selene's breath was shaky, her tits pressed up against Leon's back, her hard nipples dragging over his skin with every tiny movement. She could feel the heat radiating off him, her pussy soaking through her panties.

'This is so wrong... I'm rubbing my tits all over him like some desperate slut, and he doesn't even realize it... When did I become such pervert ?'

Her clit throbbed, pulsing with each dirty thought flooding her brain. Her thighs squeezed together, desperate for someone to open them. The feeling of her own soft, sensitive fleshy boobs grinding against him made her stomach twist in needy knots.

'I-I have to stop this right now... Yes, I will stop it and-' Before she could've completed her thoughts, some words left her mouth.

"H-Hey... what else would you tell her to do?"

Her voice was seductive, needy, dripping with lust even Leon's ears started to melt as he heard her voice.

Leon tilted his head, pretending to be oblivious, but the smirk tugging at his lips grew wider. "Hmm? You mean my girlfriend?"

"Y-Yeah..." she stammered, pressing her tits tighter against him, needing more. "What else would you tell her to do ?" She asked as her fingers went inside her panties and started rubbing the needy little pussy that was covered in love juices and it was begging for a huge cock.

Leon chuckled darkly. "Well... I'd tell her to strip. Completely."

Selene's breath hitched.

"Hiik~"

"I'd tell her to spread her legs for me."

A shudder wracked through her body, her fingers gripping her little clit that was begging to be rubbed.

"And then, I will make her grind her soaked little pussy against my hand, sliding back and forth until she's dripping pre-cum from her pussy... I will use her body to scrub every single body parts I have."

Selene swallowed hard, her throat dry, her body betraying her completely.

Gulp.

'H-He's such a fucking pervert...' Selene thought as she gulped down a mouthful of Saliva.

Her face burned with embarrassment, but her legs squeezed together harder, her pussy clenching tightly, desperate for more.

She slowly looked down to her skirt and her hand slowly started opening it automatically.

At this point, even she didn't knew what was she doing... Her mind was listening to her pussy and doing whatever Leon was saying.

*Slideeeee*

As soon as she opened her skirt, it slided down automatically revealing her white, thick and fleshy thighs any men would die for.

Her light pink panties was completely drenched with pre-cum, giving it a dark pink colour now.

'Wait... Did she just removed her skirt ?' Leon thought as his eyes widened in shock and his smile widened.

But, Before she could've gotten rid of her panties...

"Kids... Come, The dinner is ready." Elaine's voice came from inside the house.

'What ? How the fuck she cooked the dinner so fast ?' Leon thought as his fun was ruined.

"I-I will wash your back..." Selene spoke as she immediately snapped out of her trance and splashed water over Leon's back.

She then wore her clothes and walked back inside the house with a red face.

"She is easy to take... I bet, I can fuck her in one night- no, One hour Max." Leon spoke with a smirk as he wore his clothes and went inside the house.

...

As soon as Leon entered inside the house, He noticed that Elaine and Selene are sitting around the table waiting for him to come and eat first.

"You guys don't have to do this everytime... You can just start eat-" Before Leon could've completed his sentence, loud noises started coming from outside.

"Let's go."

"Yeah, Come come."

"He is back ?"

"Yes."

"What's happening ?" Selene asked as she immediately stood up from the ground and started walking towards the main door.

Elaine and Leon immediately followed after her...

*Click*

"Hey, He is at the gate."

"Did he tell, anything ?"

"No, No."

"Wait, I am coming."

Every man in the village is running towards the village's entrance gate.

Leon stepped outside and stopped a kid around his age.

"Oi, What's happening ?" He asked with a serious expression.

"The Chief's Son, he didn't return home this evening... So, everyone is looking for him for the past three hours because the chief has declared a prize for anyone who finds him and now he showed up at the gate, so everyone is running there to claim the prize." The kid replied as he immediately ran off.

'That fat pig is... Alive ?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: Save your son ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Aren't you going ?" Selene asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah, I am going. You guys start eating, I will tell you what happened once I return." Leon spoke as he left after saying that as he also started walking towards the village's gate.

"Okay, Take care." Elaine spoke as she looked at Leon leave.

...

After walking for about 5 minutes, Leon saw a huge crowd at the Village's entrance.

"Well, Well, Well... Would you look at that." Leon spoke as he continued to walk towards the crowd.

Leon stood in the middle of the crowd and noticed that Jack was lying unconscious on the ground covered in blood, his clothes torn, leg was bleeding and there was a big hole in his right hand .

'How did this pig even survived such mortal wounds and walked upto the village in this condition ?' Leon thought with a very confused expression.

"JACK..." Suddenly, A loud shouting sound came from behind and everyone immediately turned around to look at the source of this noise.

A fat man in his 30's, who looked somewhat similar to Jack came running towards the crowd.

He had big black moustache and he was eating something while running.

'Oh... Daddy Pig.' Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face.

"Chief... He is not good. We need to get him to the church right now or He will die." One of the guard spoke as he looked at the chief with a serious expression.

"What the fuck are you looking at me for then ? Someone get a wagon. I need to save my son at any cost." The chief shouted as he looked at the villagers with an angry expression as if they are the one who did that to his son.

'Let's see... How bad are you hurt.' Leon thought as he used his skill on Jack.

[Name: Jack Fled]

[Class: Farmer]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 50/50]

[HP: 37/100]

[Description: Gravely Injured and Affected by One-Horned Rabbit's Venom. He will die in 10 minutes if not given a healing potion or healed with a healing spell.]

"Hmm... Kingdom is about 20 minutes away from here and he can only survive for another 10 minutes, doesn't that mean he is dead already ?" Leon spoke in a little whisper but the village chief heard him.

"W-What did you say ?" He asked turning towards Leon.

"Huh...? What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"How do you know that he will only survive for another 10 minutes ?" The village chief asked with a serious expression as he grabbed Leon's shoulders.

"Because the wound on his hand has started to turn white... That means the blood in his veins has started to get affected by the poison of-"

"One-Horned Rabbit..." A hunter from the village spoke up from behind.

"Y-You guys go on hunting right ? H-How do i stop this poison from spreading.

Tell me... Damn it." The chief spoke as he grabbed the Hunter's collar and asked him with an angry expression.

"Y-You will need a detox potion in order to help him chief. Most of the times we hunt One-Horned Rabbits, we get hit by their horns,

All you need to do is drink a healing potion but in his condition... An healing potion won't do anything unless it's a super good quality one.

I don't think... We can save him Chief." The hunter spoke with a disappointed expression.

"Wasn't that Leon guy's class.. Alchemist ? Maybe he can make one." A guy spoke from the back.

'What the-!?'

As soon as the Chief heard this... He slowly turned his head towards Leon.

"I don't know how to make it." Leon replied with a plain face.

'Even if I did... I wouldn't make it for this pig.' Leon thought in his mind.

"I have the formula and ingredients to make it.' suddenly, An old man spoke as he looked at Leon.

'Yeah... Why won't you ? It's his son after all.' Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at the chief.

"Leon... Please, I beg you... Please save my son. I-I will pay you a good price for it. Anything you ask... Please make me that detox potion." The chief spoke as he grabbed Leon's legs.

"No tax for lifetime and some money that you think is worth your son's life." Leon spoke with a straight face.

"How can you be so shameless ?"

"He is the chief's son and you are using him to get money from chief ?"

"You should be ashamed of yourself."

"...and I want these people Kicked out of the Village." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the guys who were trash talking about him.

"What the-!?"

"Look at this guy's nerve..."

"Oh my god... He is so cocky."

...

But all of them stopped talking Immediately as soon as they heard the chief's next sentence.

"I-I will do anything you say, Just save my son."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48: Potion Crafter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon sat in the dimly lit living room, facing the old man. Scattered on the table before them were wooden bowls, iron spoons, and a glass beaker.

"How do I do it?" Leon asked, as he looked at old man with a bored expression.

The old man exhaled sharply. "We don't have much time. Pour the water into this bowl, crush the buds and leaves of the Trema tree, then mix them together." He paused, eyeing Leon carefully. "Do you know any heating spells?"

"No," Leon replied flatly.

A man rushed into the room, his face tense with worry. "Is it ready? There are only seven minutes left."

"No, we're still making it. Don't disturb us for the next five minutes," the old man said without looking up.

"Y-Yes, sir." The man swallowed hard and quickly retreated.

Leon reached for the Trema buds and leaves, but as soon as his fingers touched them, his eyes widened in shock.

'Wait... This can't be.'

He lifted the herbs to his nose and took a deep sniff.

Sniff

'This is cannabis no doubt... I can make weed out of this and sell it for so much money. I think... I just found a very good product to make some big money, Hehehehe.

This winter will be good.' Leon thought as an evil grin spread across his face.

"Kid, hurry up. We don't have time, what are you thinking about ? That kid will die." the old man spoke with a worried expression.

'Fuck him... Do you think, I care about him after finding such a huge thing ?' Leon thought as he looked at the old man but he maintained his composure.

"Right." Shaking off his thoughts for the moment, Leon placed the buds in the bowl and crushed them with force. A small amount of green liquid oozed out.

"Pour it into the water and stir until it glows light green," the old man instructed.

Leon carefully mixed the extracted juice with the water, watching as the liquid slowly shifted in color.

The old man muttered a chant under his breath, his hand hovering over the bowl. "Oh, Mother, bless my hand with your light."

As his fingers touched the bowl, the mixture began to heat.

"Stir," he instructed.

Leon grabbed a spoon and stirred quickly. Within a minute, the potion glowed a soft green, and a yellowish foam formed on it's top.

"What's that?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Impurities. Remove them carefully and pour the solution into the beaker," the old man said.

Leon skimmed off the foam and transferred the mixture.

The old man peered into the bowl and stiffened. His eyes widened. "Wait... You cleared all of it...? How did you do that ?"

Leon frowned. "What do you mean? Didn't you tell me to skim it off ?"

The old man hesitated before shaking his head. "But- I'll explain later. Just pour it into the beaker for now."

Leon did as he was instructed and poured it into the beaker with a neutral expression.

"Now, take this." The old man handed him a small vial of blue liquid. "Pour it in, but slowly—let it trickle down the sides of the beaker. If you rush, the potion will fail."

Leon took the vial and carefully let the liquid drip along the glass. As it met the green mixture, the potion pulsed with an even brighter glow.

The old man watched him closely, a shadow of something unreadable in his eyes. 'This kid... He's just like him...'

Leon glanced up. "What is this blue stuff?"

"Pure mana."

Leon raised an eyebrow. "And how do you make it?"

"Ten coppers."

"What?"

"Give me ten coppers, and I'll teach you."

"You—"

Before Leon could finish, the potion flared one last time before the glow faded entirely.

"...Did it fail?" he asked, puzzled.

The old man's breath hitched. "Y-You did it. On the first try..." His voice trailed off.

Before Leon could've reacted a screen popped up in front of his face.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Potion Crafter(F)}.]

[Name: Potion Crafter]

[Rank: F (S-Cap)]

[Proficiency: 1%]

[Description: A class based skill that can only be used by Alchemists to create potions with different traits and consistency. This skill can be upgraded as the user makes more and more potions.

While the skill is active, User will get +10% success chance while making same rank or above rank potions and +100% Success chances on any lower rank potions.]

[Mana: 10/Use]

[Cooldown: none]

As soon as Leon read the notification, A smile appeared over his face.

Suddenly man from earlier reappeared. "Is it done? The Chief is getting worried."

"Yes." The old man handed him the beaker, but before the man could take it, Leon activated his skill.

[Name: Detoxification Potion]

[Type: Potion]

[Rank: E]

[Description: A Detoxification Potion. Once consumed, it removes minor poisons and magical curses from the user's body and mind, leaving them refreshed.]

'An E-ranked potion ?' Leon thought in his mind with a neutral expression.

"Come, kid. Let's see if it works." The old man led Leon out of the room.

---

The Chief's room...

Inside, the Chief paced anxiously, his expression tight with worry. On the bed beside him sat a woman—red-haired, red-eyed, huge boobs, big round ass cheeks, her voluptuous figure wrapped in a red silk robe.

Leon's eyes flickered with recognition.

'Madam Olga... The mistress of the house. Innocent, Busty, and I don't know why, but she loves the fat pig's son.

The Fat Pig married her when her father failed to pay his debts. In this world, money really can buy MILFs.' Leon thoughtas he continued to look at Olga's cleavage.

Olga's shoulders trembled as she sobbed.

"Will the potion work?" she asked, her voice fragile.

The Chief sneered. "How the hell should I know? If it works, we'll see, stupid woman."

Leon's fists clenched. 'Who the fuck yells at such a beautiful MILF? I want to punch this pig in the face.'

Suddenly, a weak voice cut through the room.

"M-Mom...?"

Everyone turned. Jack, had opened his eyes.

"J-Jack! Thank the gods! My son, are you alright?" Olga rushed to his side, her hands cupping his face.

Jack blinked in confusion. "What happ—"

His gaze locked onto Leon, who stood at the foot of his bed, an eerie smile tugging at his lips.

Jack's face paled. "N-No..."

Leon raised a single finger to his lips. 'Stay silent, stupid pig.' His finger trailed down his neck in a slow, deliberate motion—'Or I'll kill you.'

Jack gulped.

"Son, who did this to you?" the Chief asked, stepping forward. "Tell me his name, and I'll make him pay."

Jack hesitated as he couldn't gather the courage to his name.

Leon's smile deepened. The silent threat lingered in the air.

"I-I don't know..." Jack stammered. "I was out of the village. Someone kidnapped me and left me in the forest to die... But I fought my way back."

'Good piggy. Now... I will use you to fuck your mother.' Leon thought as his smirk widened.

His eyes gleamed as they settled on Olga's boobs.

[Author: Don't ever try to make this potion at home.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: Olga
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon and the Village Chief stood inside the Chief's office—a cramped room with a wooden table at its center, surrounded by three chairs. Two were plain, but the third, carved with intricate designs and fitted with a cushion, was clearly meant for the man in charge.

"Leon... Take a seat, son." The chief gestured with a practiced smile as he settled into his throne-like chair.

"I'm good." Leon's voice was flat, his stance firm. He wasn't here to play nice.

"Well then... how much do you want? Thirty coppers? Forty?" The chief's tone was smooth, calculated.

"Seems like your son's life ain't worth shit to you, huh?" Leon's lips curled slightly, eyes sharp.

The Chief's smile barely faltered. "Come now, you didn't even know how to make the potion. I'm already very grateful to you. So... how about this? Three months free of tax and fifty coppers. Winter's coming, and I'm sure your family could use it. You have a family of three to feed, after all. Don't you think that's more than—"

"'I-I'll do anything you say, just save my son!'" Leon interrupted, voice dripping with mockery. "Sound familiar, right ? I wonder who said that ? Oh, right. That was you."

The Chief's expression darkened. "I know what I said, kid. Don't forget, I run this village. Just because I'm treating you with a little respect doesn't mean you can strut around like you own my house."

Leon smirked, crossing his arms. "Either I get what I asked for, or I'll feed my family my own way."

The Chief exhaled, clearly irritated. "Look, just take what I'm offering and go home. I don't want word getting out that I didn't reward the man who saved my son. Take it, be grateful."

'Hah... predictable fat bastard,' Leon thought. 'I expected at least a silver, but this pig won't part with even that.'

Then, a better idea formed in his mind.

"Fine. Forget the silver. Get me 100 kilos of Trema plant buds and leaves."

The Chief squinted. "What? You want a hundred kilos of useless grass instead of money?"

"Yes."

"No, no... I have a reputation—"

"What if I tell everyone that you gave me one silver and twelve months tax-free as a reward?" Leon's grin was razor-sharp.

The Chief stiffened before sighing. "Deal. When do you want it?"

"Ten kilos by tomorrow. The rest—sort it out yourself."

"Fine. It'll be at your house by evening. You're a weird bastard, you know that? Could've just taken the money. Instead, you're hoarding some dumb plant... well, your choice. No backing out now." The Chief scoffed before leaving.

Leon's smirk widened. 'A whole kingdom smoking weed... this is gonna be fun.'

But as the Chief disappeared, Leon's expression cooled. 'This bastard's a problem. I'll deal with him eventually.'

Turning to leave, he found Olga waiting outside, her lips curled into a smile.

"Hello, ma'am." His voice was neutral.

"Leon..." Olga purred, stepping close before throwing herself against him. Her huge, soft fleshy boobs smothered his face, and the scent of her body filled his nostrils.

Leon inhaled deeply, his hands sliding down to grip her thick ass, his fingers sinking into the soft flesh.

His cock pulsed against his trousers, lust surging through his veins.

"You saved my son... How can I ever thank you? Please, tell me." Olga's voice was sweet, needy, oblivious to where Leon's hands were roaming.

Leon smirked. "Hmm... how about I tell you tomorrow?"

"I-I don't have any money on me—"

"Don't worry. I don't need money." He leaned in. "I'll ask for something you can give me tomorrow. Wait in your room. I'll come to you at this exact time."

With that, he turned and left, savoring the way her body trembled against him before he pulled away.

"But... what will you ask for...?" Olga mumbled, as she didn't understand anything.

---

Leon took his time walking home, smirking.

'Why devour all the treats at once when you can enjoy them one at a time?'

---

Ten minutes later, he arrived, knocking twice.

Knock-knock.

Click.

Elaine opened the door, draped in a sheer, purple nightgown that clung to her curvy and busty body. The fabric was almost transparent, teasing the plump swells of her breasts and the tight dips of her waist.

Leon stepped inside, shutting the door behind him.

"Your dinner's on the table, Leo." Elaine gestured toward the meal, her voice steady, but her eyes flickered downward—straight to the bulge in his pants.

'H-He is hard again...' She thought as hest started to generate in-between her thighs.

"Is Selene asleep?" Leon asked.

"Yes. Why?" Elaine's brows knitted slightly.

Leon didn't answer. Instead, he strode forward and yanked her into his arms, pressing his face deep into her cleavage. His hands slid down her back, gripping her thick, round ass, kneading it roughly.

"L-Leo... what are you doing? T-This isn't right... y-you have to stop this..." Elaine whimpered, her hands weakly pushing against his chest.

But Leon wasn't stopping. If anything, he tightened his grip, fingers digging into her flesh as he pulled her against his rock-hard cock.

"Shut up, you filthy whore." His voice was low, commanding. "If you weren't expecting this... then tell me—" He lifted her nightgown with one swift motion, exposing her bare, quivering ass. "Where are your panties?"

Elaine gasped, her breath hitching as Leon's rough fingers spread her soft cheeks, his touch teasingly close to her dripping pussy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: Please, Dear Son
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Anhhh~ N-No, Leo... Please, ahhh~ I-I was just about to wear them... D-Don't grope your Mother's ass like that... It's not right," Elaine moaned out, but her hands barely resisted. Every time Leon's hands sank into her plump ass cheeks, her knees weakened, and pleasure shot up her spine like lightning.

Smack!

Leon gave her ass a firm slap, grinning as she jolted. "Don't lie, Mom. You left your panties off because you wanted this... You were waiting to get fucked like a little slut, weren't you?"

Elaine's lips trembled, her breath coming out in short, heated bursts. "A-Anhh~ I'm not... N-Not like th—"

"You are," Leon cut in, his voice dark and full of heat. His hand moved to her chest, fingers sliding under the thin fabric of her gown, groping her bare tits with slow, hungry squeezes. Her inverted nipples, popped out hard and sensitive under his touch.

Sqweeze...

"A-Ahhh~ Leo... That's my... my nipple...!" Elaine gasped, her thighs clenching as he teased the sensitive nub, rolling it between his fingers.

"Your inverted nipples are already begging for a mouth to suck on them," he growled. "You know what you are, Mom ? A filthy, dripping slut in disguise of a mother... And now I have caught you."

His cock, rock hard and throbbing, pressed between her ass cheeks. Elaine whimpered as it rubbed against her soft skin, its size increasing slowly.

"Anhh~ L-Leo, there's... something poking me..." she moaned, knowing full well what it was.

"You're right. It's my cock. Feel it." He grabbed her hand and pressed it against his dick through his pants. Her fingers curled around it on instinct, and she froze as a hot throb pulsed beneath her palm.

Drip

A slick sound echoed below, and Leon glanced down, smirking. "You're soaking the whole floor Mom, you know ?"

Elaine's heart raced as he slid his hand down her thigh and brushed against her dripping slit. The heat was insane, her lips already puffy and soaked. He brought his wet fingers up in front of her flushed face and pulled them apart, revealing the sticky string of her pre-cum.

"Look at that, Mom... You're leaking like a whore in heat."

'Ahnn~ I can't take it... I'm getting so wet just from him talking dirty to me. I'm such a shameless Mother... What kind of woman gets off like this with her Son ?!

Not even my husband used to talk to me like that. He just fucked me for five minutes and that's it, but he makes me so hot and I am ashamed to feel such pleasure from only his fingers.' Elaine thought, trembling with shame.

He pinched both her nipples, now fully exposed and glistening, pulling them roughly.

"How long's it been since you had a real dick in this mature little pussy of yours, Mom ?" Leon whispered into her ear as his hands roamed freely on her body—gripping her soft, round ass and mauling her tits like they were his property.

"I-I don't remember..." she whimpered, her voice shaking with pleasure and embarrassment. "After your father d-died... I just started... Anhh~ started touching myself... Ahn~ but even that faded after a while."

Leon smirked, grinding his hard cock against her dripping pussy through the thin fabric. "So you've been starving for a big cock... all this time, don't you ?"

Elaine shuddered as her legs threatened to give out, but she didn't speak anything.

Leon leaned into her ear, his voice low and filthy. "If you say... 'Fuck my pussy, my dear Son,' right now and walk into that room—show me that fat, bouncing ass and that leaking cunt of yours."

Elaine bit her lip as she trembled from all the dirty talk Leon was doing into her ears.

"If you do that," he continued darkly, "I'll finish my food, walk in naked... drop to my knees between those shaking thighs of yours... and lick up every drop of your filthy pussy juice. I'll run my tongue over your slutty clit until you try to scream but you won't be able to scream because your daughter and her daughter will be sleeping right next to us.

Then I'll fuck your pussy until it remembers the shape of your son's dick." Leon spoke as he grabbed her clit and pulled it upwards with his middle and Index finger.

"Hiikkk~!" A desperate moan broke from Elaine's mouth as Leon slid two fingers across her soaked pussy lips. Her body jerked and arched. Her climax hit her like lightning—gushing out hot and messy down her thighs.

Her knees buckled and she grabbed the kitchen's door to stay upright.

"You came just because I whispered some really bad and filthy things into your ear ? I don't think, It's appropriate for a mother.

Here smell your hot cum." Leon spoke with an evil smile as he rubbed his cum-covered fingers on her nostrils.

"I-I... I have to go..." she breathed, completely dazed, heat radiating from her face.

She turned and lifted the hem of her gown, revealing everything—her bare ass jiggling with every step, her pussy twitching and leaking down her thighs, leaving a glistening trail on the wooden floor.

Just as she reached the doorway, she stopped and looked back with glazed-over eyes.

"P-Please... Fuck my pussy... My dear Son," she whispered in a low voice, but Leon heard it clearly in the silence of night.

Then, without another word, she entered inside the room—leaving the door open, her wet footprints marking the ground.

"Bon Appetite... Hehehe" Leon spoke as he immediately sat down on the table and started eating while his cock throbbed thinking about different things he was going to do with her.

[Author: 50 Chapters completed. Thank you guys. Keep sending your love through power stones and I will try to upload more and more Chapters.

One more Chapter coming if we can get 50 power stones.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: I can’t take this
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After finishing the last bite of his food, Leon stood up slowly, cracking his neck with a wicked grin.

"Time for dessert..."

He walked toward the room with a growing bulge, unbuckling his pants as he moved. The second he stepped inside, the air hit different—humid, heavy with the scent of cum. The room was dark, shadows flickering as moonlight streamed through the window.

The silver beams fell perfectly across Elaine's bare thighs... glistening with the slick shine of her juices. Her legs were parted, trembling slightly, and her pussy was a mess—oozing cum onto the soaked mattress beneath her.

Leon's cock instantly surged to full hardness, twitching to fuck her pussy. He stripped fast, tossing his shirt aside and letting his pants drop to the floor. His thick cock stood straight, already leaking with pre-cum.

Elaine lay there completely naked. One hand was clumsily trying to cover her bouncing tits, the other shielding her eyes—as if denying what was about to happen might somehow make it less dirty.

But her body betrayed her. Her thighs were slick and trembling, her pussy pulsing with arousal, still leaking from her earlier climax.

Leon couldn't wait a second longer.

Dropping to his knees between her legs, he buried his face right in her dripping pussy lips.

SNNIIIIFFFFFFFFFF

He took a deep, filthy breath, letting the raw scent of her soaked cunt flood his senses.

"You smell like a bitch in heat, Mom." he whispered, before flicking his tongue across her swollen clit.

"Mnff~!" Elaine gasped, her hand flying from her eyes to her mouth, muffling the moan that escaped her lips. Her whole body tensed as a shockwave of pleasure rolled through her.

She slowly raised her head and looked at Leon lying down between her thighs licking her pussy with his tongue.

'He is doing it again... Oh my god, He licks it so good that my legs opens up automatically and I want to raise them in air, just for him.' Elaine thought as more perverted thoughts started to enter her mind.

After giving her pussy a good licking, Leon placed his tongue over her womb and started sliding it upwards...

He licked her belly button and at last the cleavage that she was hiding with her hand.

Leon grabbed her hand removed it from her boobs.

"Use it where it's needed, Mom." Leon spoke with a smile as he placed her hand on his dick.

Elaine didn't fight back, she just grabbed Leon's dick and started stroking it like an obedient slut.

*Schlp-Schlp-Schlp*

Leon started sucking on her long hard nipples, he grabbed both of her boobs and squeezed them together to suck on both of her nipples at the same time.

His dick's tip touched Elaine's womb as she stroked it non-stop.

'H-His pre-cum is dropping right over my womb... Anhhh~ I can't take it anymore, I want it inside.' Elaine thought as she started to stroke it faster.

Suddenly, Leon removed his hands from her boobs and started lifting both of her boobs upwards while grabbing both of her nipples with only his mouth.

*Shake-Shake*

Elaine's eyes widened as she immediately Shaked her head in 'No' while holding her mouth, trying to stop Leon from suddenly dropping them down.

*Open*

But Leon released her boobs from his mouth and they jiggled vigorously as soon as they fall down to her chest.

*Boing-Boing*

"Mnhhhffff~" Elaine immediately felt pain and pleasure at the same time but she couldn't identify them separately and let out a moan out of her mouth.

Leon roughly grabbed her boob with his hand and slowly bent down to her face.

"Give me a kiss, slut." Leon spoke as he removed her hand from her face and kissed her on her juicy pink tightly.

*Chuuuuuuuuu*

Leon inserted his tongue in her mouth and started kissing her even more intensely.

After kissing for about one minute, Both of the seprated their lips and Leon whispered into her ears, "Get on your knees and shake your ass for me."

"W-What !?" Elaine asked with an embarrassed expression as she couldn't believe Leon was asking her to do something so shameful.

"Do it or I will just sleep, without fucking this pussy." Leon replied with a smile as he slapped her pussy with two fingers.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"O-Okay..." Elaine whispered as she immediately turned around and raised her ass up for Leon to see it perfectly.

"Shake it..." Leon spoke as he slapped her ass cheek.

*Slap*

"Anhh~" Elaine immediately covered her mouth once again as she started shaking her ass up and down for Leon.

Everytime her ass cheeks went up and down, they spreaded and showed her plump pussy that was dripping with even more cum.

"I can't take this..." Leon spoke as he immediately grabbed both of her huge ass cheeks with his hands and rammed his cock directly inside her pussy.

Elaine's back immediately arched and she came just from the insertion.

Her pussy juice covered the matress and completely soaked Leon's balls in her cum.

Leon couldn't stop himself after this as he continued to slam her pussy for the next three hours.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: Velthorne Academy of Magic
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Next Morning...

Blink. Blink.

Leon cracked his eyes open as a wave of cold air slapped him in the face.

"...The fuck?" he groaned, dragging himself upright. The breeze was coming straight from the window, chilling his bare skin.

"Who left the fucking window open?" he muttered, still half-asleep as he stumbled over to shut it.

But the moment his hand reached the frame—

Peck!

"Ow—what the hell!?" He yanked his hand back, eyes narrowing.

Sitting on the edge of the window was a black raven. Not just any raven—this one had three eyes. One of them blinked dead center on its forehead like some kind of creepy bird.

"Huh...?"

Leon didn't waste any time. He activated his skill.

[Name: Carrier Raven]

[Rank: D]

[Description: A special type of raven used to deliver secret messages and small parcels. Known for being fast, quiet, and nearly impossible to detect. Commonly used by high-ranking knights.]

CAW!

Before he could react, the raven hopped into the room and started shaking itself like a wet dog.

Thud. Thud. Thud

"What the f—?!"

A letter and clothes rained down from it's fur.

CAWWW!

With one final screech that sounded suspiciously smug, the raven leapt back out the window and vanished into the sky.

Leon stood there for a moment, completely naked, staring at the mess.

"...Okay. That just happened."

He pulled on some pants—finally—and started looking through the things.

The first thing he grabbed was a neatly folded set of clothes: a green robe with the symbol of a dark serpent wrapped around a flask, a white tunic with the same symbol on the chest, black trousers, and expensive-looking brown leather shoes.

"Okay... Well, this isn't random junk stuff." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he used his skill on the clothes.

[Name: Alchemist's Uniform]

[Rank: E]

[Durability: 100/100]

[Description: Official attire of House Virellis alchemists. Crafted with spell-treated basilisk wool and beast-leather, it offers protection against minor explosions, acid splashes, and chemical backfires.]

"...Huh."

Next, he picked up the letter, sealed in a neat white folder with a golden sealing sigil. Fancy.

He cracked the seal and started reading.

---

To Leon Luster,

You did something stupid. Brave, but stupid. As an honourable knight, I've decided to reward your suicidal heroism.

The sigil on this letter grants you direct admission to Velthorne Academy of Magic and Swordsmanship, with a one year scholarship, you have to take care of the rest. Classes start today. Be there at 10:00 AM sharp.

This isn't optional.

As a knight, I don't take back gifts—and I don't tolerate flakiness. If you're not there by 10:00 AM, Leon Luster, I will show up at 9:30, break your door down, and drag you there myself.

You've been warned.

—Derisa Demar

---

Leon stared at the letter for a long moment.

"...Fucking Hell." He spoke as his expressions darkened.

*Click*

The door opened with a soft sound, and Elaine stepped inside.

She wore a modest brown skirt that hugged her hips and stopped just above her knees, but the white bodice clinging tightly to her chest was anything but modest. Her full, heavy boobs strained against the fabric with every breath, practically trying to break free.

Her steps were slow, silent, and deliberate—unlike her usual stride. She moved like she had a purpose, her gaze locked onto Leon as she approached.

"Mo—" Leon began, but the words barely left his mouth before she pressed a single finger to his lips.

As he was already sitting in a lotus position, Elaine climbed into his lap, her thighs closing around him. Their bodies pressed together, tension crackling between them.

"Well... good morning, Mom," Leo spoke in a low tone with a perverted smile. His eyes flicking down to her chest before returning to hers. But just as he opened his mouth to speak again, her finger slipped away—and her lips took its place.

Chuuuuuuuu...

Her kiss was sudden, hot, and filled with hunger. Leon froze for a second, then responded with equal intensity. Their lips crushed together, tongues tangling in a wet, frantic rhythm. Her soft moan escaped into his mouth, only fueling the kiss.

The kiss dragged on, deep and dirty, until both were breathless. When they finally pulled apart, a thick string of saliva still clung between their parted lips.

Elaine licked her lips slowly, her eyes half-lidded and filled with heat.

"Good morning, Dear Son," she spoke, her voice low and dripping with lust.

'Is this really happening or am I still asleep ?' Leon thought as he looked at Elaine.

"So... Do you want to have some breakfast first or Do you want to suck on my sweet and slutty nipples ?" Elaine whispered into Leon's ears as she pressed her chest against Leon's chest.

'Woah... She can talk dirty.' Leon thought as a smile spread across his face.

"Remi-" Leon was about to activate his skill, but suddenly he heard something.

*Ting-Ting-Ting-Ting-Ting-Ting-Ting-Ting-Ting*

A bell sound coming from the tower of the village...

The bell rang exactly 9 times, telling the time to every single villager.

'I am really going to hate myself for doing this. Damn you, Knight Bitch.' Leon thought as he closed his eyes in disappointment and slowly placed his hands over Elaine's shoulders.

"I need to go..." Leon spoke as he looked into Elaine's eyes.

"What ?" Elaine asked with a confused expression.

"Sadly, I am selected in the Velthorne Academy of Magic and Swordsmanship." Leon replied with a disappointed expression.

"WHAT !?" Elaine shouted as she immediately stood up and looked at Leon with a Shocked and Surprised expression.

"Yeah..." Leon replied.

"Why are you shouting so loudly mom ? You will wake her up." Selene spoke as she pointed towards her daughter and looked at Elaine with a confused expression.

"Your brother got accepted into the Academy of Magic." Elaine spoke as she looked at Selene.

"What the- Really ?" Selene asked with an even more shocked expression as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah and I have to leave now or an angry lady will come running into our house." Leon spoke as he stood up from the mattress.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: Maria
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What about your Job ?" Selene asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon, while he was getting ready for the Academy.

"I will still do it, after the academy... Just a little time change." Leon replied as he wore the tunic and looked at himself in the mirror.

"Will you stay at the Academy Hostel and not come home ?" Selene asked with a sad expression.

"No... I will come home everyday." Leon replied.

"Here, Here... I have packed your lunch. I-I couldn't make much since you told me in such a hurry but some meat that was left from last night, I packed for you." Elaine spoke as she came out of the kitchen in a hurry.

"Oh thanks, Mom. I will see you guys at dinner." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the exit door.

"Bye and don't mess with any Noble brat." Selene spoke with a smile as she went back inside the room to complete her sleep.

"Leon..."

Elaine's voice came from behind, soft but dripping with seduction.

"Hm?" Leon turned, confused—only for his breath to catch in his throat.

Elaine stood there with her skirt lifted delicately in both of her hands... and nothing beneath it. Her bare, glistening pussy was fully exposed to him, shameless and inviting. The sight made his heart pound and his cock twitch real hard.

"I'll be waiting..." she whispered, her voice soaked in lust.

Leon stared, his lips twitching into a smile. But then, without a word, he turned away.

Click.

The door shut behind him as he left the house in silence.

But the moment he stepped outside, the mask cracked. His fist clenched, and with a sudden burst of emotion—

*Thud*

He slammed his knuckles into the nearby wall.

'FUCKKKKKKKKK YOUUUUUUUU, DERISAAAAA.'

He screamed in his mind, his chest heaving with rage and frustration.

"Fuck my hand... Heal." Leon spoke as he immediately healed himself with the skill.

As soon as Leon walked through the village, everyone saw him wearing the clothes of the academy.

"Hey, Isn't he Leon ?"

"Yeah, Elaine's Son."

"When did he got accepted into the academy ?"

"Not an ordinary one... It's the Central Academy's Uniform."

"Velthorne ?"

"Yes."

...

Everyone started talking about Leon as some got jealous, some got confused and some were surprised.

Suddenly, A group of girls approached Leon.

"Hello, Leon... I am Maria." Their leader, a pretty brunette took the first step to talk to leon as she stepped forward and raised her hand for a handshake.

"Do I know you ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at her hand.

"No... That's why I am making an introduction." Maria replied with a smile.

'Hah... Now that I remember her face, I think she the daughter of Ralph... A small but wealthy trader who lives on the other side of the village in a big mansion.

Well, she has her father's mind... Must be trying to get her relations good with me so that she will have an option in the future, if her father fails to search for a rich man for her to marry, Since I am going to academy and all.

Bitch doesn't even have proper boobs on her chest and she wants to bag me, Flat Fuck.' Leon thought as his expressions darkened immediately.

"I am Leon Luster." Leon spoke as he gave her a casual handshake.

"If you are not busy this evening... Would you-"

"I am very busy." Leon replied with a straight face.

"How about Tomorrow-"

"Busy."

"Then day after-"

"I am busy this whole week- No the whole month." Leon spoke with a straight face.

"Oh my god... He has such an attitude."

"He is talking so rudely to maria."

"What does he thinks of himself ?"

As soon as Maria heard all these talks behind her back, her expressions turned dark as well.

"Oi, Do you have any idea who my father is ?" Maria asked with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

"Why ? Didn't your mother tell you about him ?" Leo asked with a straight face.

As soon as Leon said this... Maria started crying.

*Sob-Sob*

"You are a fucking dog." She shouted as she ran away with the rest of her friends.

"Well... That I am." Leon replied with a smile as he turned around and started walking towards the wagons.

After taking a wagon to the kingdom, Leon finally reached in front of the academy.

"Well... Let's do this." Leon thought with a bored expression as he looked at the huge Magic Academy.

It was made out of unknown white material and there were two attached buildings to the main one.

"You made it... I was just about to come your home." Suddenly, Leon heard derisa's voice

As soon as he turned around, Leon noticed that Derisa is standing exactly behind him.

"Why would you do this ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Because, I couldn't... K-Kiss you properly that day. So, I am paying you like this."

'Woman... You are not paying me anything. You are taking things away from me... How stupid can she be ?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Well... Go in and choose your classes. Each house has 6-7 claases. Choose carefully." Derisa spoke as she noticed that Leon has already started to go in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 Seven Houses
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

54 Seven Houses

As soon as Leon stepped through the academy's towering gates, he noticed the shift in atmosphere. 1Students stood in small groups, chatting quietly-until their attention turned to him. Conversationspaused. Heads turned. Dozens of eyes watched him, their expressions a mix of confusion, curiosity, andsilent judgment.

Leon walked forward calmly, though he could feel the weight of their stares. Not one of them lookedfriendly.

Why are they staring at me like that ?' Leon thought.

Meowww...

A soft meow broke the tension.

Leon looked down and saw a small black cat padding toward him, her tail raised confidently. She rubbedher head against his pants, purring.

"Well, hello there," Leon said with a faint smile as he crouched down and gently scratched behind her ears.

Meowww~ she purred again, pushinginto his hand.

"Excuse me, gentleman?" a voice called out

Leon looked up.

A man in a spotless white robe was walking toward him. Embroidered on the upper corner of his robe wasa symbol-two cupped hands with a golden liquid flowing between them, and a rising sun behind

Yes?" Leon replied, standing straight.

The man studied him for a moment, his expression unreadable. "You're a commoner, aren't you ?

Leon blinked."Yeah...

The man's brows furrowed slightly. "Have you lost your way ?"1

'No." Leon pulled out a small sigil that he got from Derisa's letter from his coat and held it out. "Here"

The man's eyes narrowed as he took it. He examined the crimson jewel and the crest around it

"A Knight's sigil... and not a low-grade one," he muttered, then gave a tired sigh."l don't know what's goingon with this academy-more and more commoners every year.

He handed the sigil back and pointed ahead. "Go inside the hall and wait. The headmaster will address youguys.

Leon pocketed the sigil and nodded silently. As he turned, he muttered to himself, "Wel.. that was sometop-tier discrimination.

He glanced down, but the black cat was gone.

He sighed and walked toward the massive hall at the heart of the courtyard. The doorway was arched andlined with paintings of magical beasts-dragons, phoenixes, and other creatures he couldn't name.

As he stepped through, he felt itimmediately-magic.

The painted creatures' eyes followed him as he passed under the arch

What the fuck is this place?' Leon thought as he looked at the hall's size in awe.

The hall was far larger than it had appeared from outside. Towering ceilings stretched a hundred feetabove, and strange, glowing beings floated far overhead, just beyond clear sight. z

'This is space magic,' he thought with a neutral expression.

The floor beneath his boots gleamed like polished obsidian, and one entire wall was covered in portraitsFaces of former graduates over the last three years-most of them noble, judging by their attire

Only two portraits belonged to commoners.

There's no way only two commoners got in over last three years... that means for some reason, they didn'make it out of here, Leon thought, his jaw tightening,'"'m not dying in this place just because someonethought giving me a scholarship was a fucking award. l should've asked that bitch for some moneyinstead.

Swish

Suddenly, a stage shimmered into existence in the center of the hall. An old woman appeared atop it.

wearing a long, black ceremonial gown.

"Attention, new students," she said, her voice magically echoing across the hall-and far beyond. "pleasegather here.The Headmaster will address you shortly."

<Inspect>Leon activated his skill, but no information appeared.

<Inspect>He tried again.Still nothing.

'She's strong. No doubt about it,' he thought, narrowing his eyes

Within minutes, the hall filled with new students, rushing in and forming groups based on their uniforms.

Leon remained on the side,observing.

A sudden breeze swept through the room, and then-an old man appeared on the stage.

He looked ancient. His long white beard nearly touched the ground, and his robes shimmered faintly withmagical runes. magic rings adorned every tinger, and strange artifacts hung from his wrists and neck. 2"Hohoho.. Hello, children, *cough-Cough*" the man chuckled, then coughed. "l am your Headmaster. i'd tellyou my name, but you'll have to earn the right to know it."

He paused, letting the silence settle.

"l see many bright faces here today. But let me make one thing clear-your noble blood does not guaranteeyour place in this academy."

His tone sharpened.

There are ten thousand of you here right now. By noon, only five thousand will remain. That is the reality ofthis world, Survival of the Fittest. We do not care who you were-only what you can do."

The room grew tense.

"And if anyone dares to bribe a teacher into passing you... l promise you, neither you nor your siblings willgraduate from any academy in the Human Kingdom. Ever."

Leon raised an eyebrow.

"Wel, Looks like old man believes in equality huh ?' Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face. "Now," the Headmaster continued,"let me introduce you to the Seven Houses of this academy.He pointed to different sections of the hall."Those in green robes are The Alchemists of House Virellis."In sapphire blue-Mages of House Aetherwyn.""In red and black, the Swordbearers of House Drakemor.'Deep purple marks the Summoners of House Zevrath."1"Golden robes belong to the Enchanters of House Aurinox."'White-robed Healers stand with House Solvayne.""And finally, those in black robes with eerie auras-Magis of House Umbraeth."Leon's gaze drifted over each group. Every house had its pride, its hierarchy, its power."These seven Houses will compete for points across five years and whichever house wins at last, shall beawarded with magic items, Jobs, Riches and much more" the Headmaster finished."Now, your trialinstructors will guide you from here on."

He smiled faintly as he noticed, A single student standing away from all the groups, Leon, "May the gods bewith you and Demons be against you. HoHoHo *Cough-Cough*." .And with a flicker of light, he vanished once again into thin air.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: Instant Craft !!!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

55 Instant Craft !!!

Hall of Velthorne Academy...

The grand hall now stood nearly empty. Every house had already departed withtheir trialinstructors-except one.

The Alchemists of House Virellis still sat quietly, waiting

The moment they let me go, i'm bolting back home and getting in bed withElaine,' Leon grumbled internally, as perverted thoughts started to enter insidehis mind. But his train of thought derailed instantly when a deep, magicalchime echoed through the entire academy!

[House Points will now be displayed.]

Suddenly, the atmosphere shifted.

Every corridor across the academy stirred to life as students from every yealcame rushinginto the hall like a wave.Iin a matter of seconds, the place thatwas almost silent was now a hurricane ofexcitement and speculation.'The hell's going on now?" one of the new kids shouted, clearly overwhelmed.A massive holographic projection materialized mid-air, visible from everycorner of the hall. The points board appeared, glowing and floating like divinetext:

1. House Umbraeth-3495 Points

2. House Zevrath-3310 Points

3.House Aurinox-2985 Points

4. House Solvayne-2910 Points

5. House Drakemor-2755 Points

6. House Aetherwyn-2690 Points

7. House Virellis-820 Points 6

Leon blinked."Wait... House Virellis is dead last"He stared at the numbers with a neutral expression. The room was buzzing with reactions.Damn it, those swordsmen overtook us again," a mage in sapphire robes muttered, shaking his head.And just as quickly as it had filled, the hall began to empty out-students leaving in loud, hurrying waves. All thatremained were the freshmen ofHouse Virellis, and their frustration.

Why the hell are we last?"a noble kid stood up,clearly frustrated.

What do you expect?" came a deep, almost amused voice. A tall man in the same green robes as the students steppedforward from the hall's edge. "Alchemists don't exactly win duels against mages or swordsmen" 5Who are you?"another student asked

I'm Mr. Malkof. Your trial instructor," the man replied with a grin."Now come. i'l take you for a walk through House Virellistragic history.. until we reach the Alchemy Lab and tell you why we are last for the last thirty years."

The group rose and began to follow Mr. Malkof without wasting another second.

Leon walked with the rest, though his eyes were busy scanning something else entirely.

Where the hell are the MllFs in this academy? Not a single one in sight so fa...Are they banned or what?

That thought came to an abrupt halt.

Your sword is your soul in battle. Become one with it," came a powerful, feminine voice from the open training ground totheir left.

Leon's head snapped toward the source..

Standing there was a mature woman in her 40s-glorious blonde hair, toned muscles, big, soft boobs, and a fluffy hugeass

Target acquired, Leon thought, his eyes-focused on her curves

Leon continued to stair at her as he walked past the whole corridor

"Anyway," Malkof continued, "that's why we're losing. You get challenged to a duel? Decline it. One wrong step, and you"lose points for the whole house.Then everyone will hate your guts.

We are just helpers in battlefield, Nothing more. Most of us don't even see the face of battlefield in their lifetime untilitget's really ugly."

By now, the group had arrived in front of the Alchemy Lab-a surprisingly modest-looking structure from the outside. 1

Alright. Inside, everyone..

The door opened, and what looked small from the outside revealed an impossibly large chamber inside-another cleveruse of spatial magic.

Rows upon rows of pristine tables stood neatly arranged, each equipped with flasks,vials, and ingredients laid out onthem to brew potions. Students took their seats, their expressions turning serious as they scanned the things sitting infront of them.

No one sat near Leon-as everyone already knew he was a Commoner. All except one

A quiet girl with calm eyes wordlessly sat next to him, ignoring everything but the teacher.

Malkof walked forward."Before you are the basic tools, medicinal herbs, and a written recipe

Your task is to brew a minor healing potion. No magic, No skil, No talking. Any violation and you're out expelled on thespot."

You have ten minutes. Begin.

The room erupted into quiet activity as everyone started to pour water into their bowls

Leon calmly poured water into his bowl as wel, eyeing the three types of herbs in front of him. He scanned the paper lying

on one side of the table:

'Crush and add Dun-Dun leaves. Boil until impurities rise, skim them off Add pure mana.lfthe liouid glows crimson andsettles into a deep red,congratulations-you've passed.

Leon scratched his head."Which of these is even Dun-Dun?!

He glanced at the girl beside him-she was already using the leaves from the third bowl.

'Shit Screw it. l don't even care about being expelled.' Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face and he used hisskill

<Inspect>

[Name: Hermit Tree's Leaf]

[Type: Leaf]

[Rank: Common]

[Description: Used for crafting minor mana recovery potions. Precision required. Small errors may ruin the brew

<nspect>

[Name: Dun-Dun Plant's Leaf]

[Type: Leaf]

[Rank: Common]

[Description: Known for fog-producing properties when exposed to pure mana.]

Leon frowned. Wait,that doesn't match the healing recipe at al... .re they trying to make fog potions or fool out ofus ?Before he could dig deeper, another student abruptly stood up in just 3 minutes he had completed his potionI've completed mine!

Malkofwalked over and peered at the red liquid

A beautiful color. You've passed. You're free to leave and pick your classes," he said with a warm smile and withouthesitation, took a sip from the flask.

Sip.

"Mmm... Nice."

10 minutes have passed and about 300 students have already left the lab after completing or failing in their potion

brewing.

Okay, That's Time. Please put your equipments down..lf you are found with anything from the table in your hands. Youwill be expelled on the spot." The teacher spoke as he immediately started looking at the potions of the students

"Pass, Go"

"Pass, Go."

"Failed. Go Home.

"Failed, Go Home."

"Failed. Go Home..

After checking everyone's potion, the teacher finally reached onto Leon's desk

As soon as he looked at Leon's potion, he noticed that it was completely black

Failed, Go Home."

'Thank you." Leon replied with a smile as he stood up from his chair and started walking towards door.Wai.. Those vials in your pocket You can't take them with you.. Please return them, they are academy's property." Theteacher spoke. 1

Shit' Leon thought as he slowly pulled the vials out and the teacher was left stunned as soon as he looked at the vials.Both of the vials were filled with liquids. One of them was light green and another one was light blueWait, These." As soon as the teacher looked at the potions in them his eyes widened in supriseHe immediately took them from Leon opened them and took a sip from each potion.

*sip-sip*

"Hmm.. You were trying to fail on purpose, weren't you, Kid ?" The teacher asked with a smile."I failed the task, l didn't make healing potion. So,l can go home right ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.'Fuck,l shouldn't have crafted that skil.' Leon thought as he regretted his actions. 2No, l take back my words.. You have passed and so have you, Who brewed all three potions girl, both of you can now goand select your classes." The teacher spoke with a smile.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill, {Instant Craft} Successfully]

[Name: Instant Craft]

[Rank: F]

[Level: 1]

[usage: 2/30]

[Description: Once used, user can craft F-ranked potions immediately without any preparations or equipments exceptempty vials and the craftingingredients.

The skill consumes a huge amount of mana with every craft and once used,it can't be used for the next 24 hours. skilcan be leveled up by brewing more and more potions, with every level up potion's effects will be upgraded by 5% andmana usage will also increase by5%] 1

[Mana: 100 mana/ Potion]

[Cooldown: 24 Hours]

"Heh..tupid system,i never mentioned how many potions can l craft in one go but testing it here was a bad idea. Leonthought as a smirk spread across his face.

[Author; Show some love by sending power stones to the Novel Guys]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: Oops ! My hand slipped.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon stood silently in the hallway, a class selection form resting in his hands.

"Fill out your forms quickly. I'll take you to your dorms after this," Mr. Malkof announced, his voice firm as he glanced at the gathered students.

Whispers began to rise like smoke from a fire as everyone's attention turned towards Leon.

"How the hell did that commoner pass?"

"Didn't the teacher say he failed at first?"

"He must've bribed the teacher."

"I think the teacher passed him because he is also a Commoner."

"Both of them are fucking trash."

The noble students hissed their comments, not even bothering to lower their voices. Leon could hear every word crystal clear.

'These motherfuckers really know how to talk sweet… even when they know I'm listening.' Leon's face remained expressionless, his eyes scanning the form in his hands.

'Each House has seven class types based on their specialty… Alchemists have:

1. Potion Brewing

2. Material Transmutation

3. Herbology & Magical Plants

4. Explosive Alchemy

5. Poison & Antidote Crafting

6. Alchemy Theory

7. Experimental Lab

...and I don't give a shit about any of them.'

He flipped the page, and that's when his eyes caught something interesting.

---

Non-Attending Students:

Students who cannot afford the Academy's hostel or transportation fees may choose this option. They are only required to attend twice a month, must participate in one House Duel Competition per month, and join every open Class held once every three months.

---

A wide grin spread across Leon's face.

'Hell yes. That's what I've been looking for.'

Without a second thought, he checked the box, randomly selected some classes, and stood up.

He walked up to Mr. Malkof and handed over the form.

"Here."

"Oh, the kid who was caught 'stealing' potions," Malkof said with a knowing smile as he accepted the form.

Leon's jaw twitched.

'Fuck off. That shit was mine—I made it. I wasn't stealing anything.'

Malkof gave the form a glance, then looked Leon dead in the eye

.

"You sure you want to choose the Non-Attender route? You're already on scholarship. All your fees are covered."

"I'm sure."

'If I can graduate while lounging in bed with MILFs, why would I waste time in boring classes?'

From behind, a sneering voice pierced the air.

"It's better, this garbage won't be sitting with us."

A vein pulsed on Leon's forehead.

"Hey, hey, hey—why be mean to such a sweet kid?" Another noble student approached with a grin, placing a hand on Leon's shoulder. Skinny, smug, and stupid face.

Leon narrowed his eyes.

"I mean, do you even know what his mom must've done to get him in here? Probably sold herself to some old bastard just so this piece of trash could come here on a scholars—"

PAK!

THUD!

The noble's words were cut short by a brutal uppercut. Blood spurted from his mouth as he hitted the ground, his tongue caught between his teeth.

"I'm sorry," Leon said flatly. "My hand slipped."

"You... You bastard! I'm a 3-star noble! You're dead! I'll tell my father and—"

PAK!

Another punch—straight to the nose, more blood gushed out of his nose.

"Ahhhhhhh..." Fredrick shouted as he grabbed his nose with both of his hands.

"Oops. Slipped again, Sorry." Leon replied with a flat face as he looked at the noble kid.

"Hey! Calm the fuck down!" Malkof snapped, stepping in immediately. "Mr. Fredrick, go to Solvayne House's Dorm Master. She'll heal you up. You, come with me. The rest of you—finish your damn forms.

Fuck, I can't spend one day in peace." Fredrick shouted as he immediately took Leon to his office.

---

Malkof's Office...

Leon sat calmly, arms crossed. Malkof paced in front of him, clearly stressed.

"Do you have any idea what you've done?" Malkof asked as he pointed his finger towards leon.

"My hand slipped." Leon replied with a straight face.

"Do I have 'Dumb' written over my forehead ? You don't have any idea what you have done in anger, Kid.

You hit a 3-star Noble's kid. Once he leaves the Academy walls, he'll come for your life. Nobles don't forget. They don't forgive."

Leon shrugged. "I don't care."

Malkof opened his mouth to speak, but the door slammed open.

A woman in her 40's entering inside the office—long blue hair, sharp sapphire eyes, enormous boobs hanging freely and a huge pair of ass-cheeks.

Malkof immediately bowed. "Madam Aria."

"This is the one who punched Fredrick?" she asked, her eyes narrowing at Leon.

"Y-Yes, ma'am. But I have everything under control—"

"You commoners always think you have things under control. In reality, you're completely out of control.

If you had it under control... Then how did he punched him twice ?" She asked with a serious expression.

"M-Ma'am... I-I was just-"

She stepped forward and dropped a single glove on Leon's shoulder.

Malkof gasped. "Oh, shit..."

"Fredrick has shown this boy some mercy. Since the incident began on Academy grounds, he's agreed to settle things here. A friendly duel—in one hour, in Solvayne House's ring. This will serve as a lesson to other commoners who've forgotten their place.

Don't be late or I can't guarantee the safety of this kid." Aria spoke with a very arrogant voice as she turned around to leave.

"Oh... and his Non-Attender and Hostel Privileges have been revoked." Aria spoke as she left the office.

"Fuck..." Malkof spoke with a serious expression as he grabbed his forehead. "She wants to send a message to the Commoners even more she hosted it in her house's ring.

Fuck, Why does this always happen to me ?"

Leon picked up the glove, staring at it in silence.

'I thought I could live peacefully in this world. But as long as bitches like her exist... that's only a dream.

Even if I earned money, Nobles like her won't let me live in peace and I am not going down without fucking every MILF in this world, including that bitch.

I will turn her into a fucking Cum-Dump, A disposable fleshlight for my dick and throw her aside after using her body... I was taking it very easy until now, but I can't do this anymore.' Leon thought with a serious expression as he clenched his fist and used his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: Let me teach you physics....
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

57 Let me teach you physics....

Solvayne House Dormitory

"Hmm.. This is just a minor injury from using too much mana. Try not to cast high-level spells without a proper magic wand ororb to control the mana flow," Aria said as she examined the burnt hand of a senior-year noble student.

"Y-Yes, Ma'am," the girl replied with an embarrassed look.

"Alcastos... Pherminuem."

As soon as Aria chanted the words, a mid-level healing spell activated, rapidly mending the girl's injury.

Within five minutes, her hand was completely healed.

"You're all good now. Go and tell your father Aria said, 'Hi," she said with a smile.

"Yes, Ma'am. Thank you." The student bowed and exited the room. Two students in green robes walked in just as she leftOne of them was Fredrick. The other, his friend, was helping him walk. Fredrick's face was soaked in blood-it wasn't stopping"What the hel?" Aria's eyes widened in shock. Injuries like this were common among Drakemor House students, but not Virellisand defnitely not among hrst-years.

"What happened? Why is he this hurt?" Aria stood up from her chair and rushed over.

'A-A commoner... punched him, Ma'am," Fredrick's friend replied while helping him lie down on the bed"Alcastos... Pherminuem.

Aria chanted the spell again, and the healing process began.

"I... 'l tell my father and have that bastard kiled. His whole damn family too," Fredrick muttered, rage boiling in his eyes as he clenched his fsts..

"What fun is there in that?" Aria replied, her tone disturbingly calm. "You have him and his entire family kiled-whether publichor secredly-and the flthy commoners walking these sacred academy grounds, built by our noble ancestors, wil stillfeel safeThey'll still believe they're untouchable here."

"Then... what do you suggest, Ma'am?" Fredrick asked, confused.

"Chalenge him to an in-house friendly duel. 1!ll lend you an artifact that enhances your physical strength and agility. with thatI'm confdent you can crush him. The duel willtake place here in our House's ring to ensure proper.. atmosphere. lt's yourchoice: kil him quiedly and take your revenge or humiliate him so thoroughly that no commoner will ever dare raise their headbefore a noble in this academy again."

Fredrick's lips curled into a smile. "I'll do as you say, Ma'am. But. he's a non-attending student. He could just vanish from theacademy after the duel."

"Leave that to me," Aria said, smiling darkly. "As a senior instructor, I have special authority to revoke his non-attending and hosteprivileges. I'll make his life miserable."

"Then I'l challenge him," Fredrick said with growing confdence. "And i'll make every commoner here fear my name."

One Hour Later - Solvayne House

"IfI fail this year's asignment again, I'm out ofmy father's will for good. I don't want to repeat fourth year again... Wwhy the helldid I get a healer class?" Clint muttered, scratching his head as he walked back to his room.

Suddenly, he noticed a large group of students heading in the opposite direction, chatting excitedly.

"Yeah, I don't think he stands a chance."

"What's he gonna do? Beg on his knees? Hahaha."

'A commoner? These guys are getting too bold."

"Oi... wwhere are you all going?" Clint asked, confused as he stopped them

"S-Senior Westwood.. We're going to watch the duel between two alchemists from House Virellis," one student replied, bowingrespectfully. Clint was, after all, the second son ofthe Westwood Family-7-star nobles.

"Then why this way? Isn't the Virellis gate on the northeast side?" Clint asked, pointing.

'No, Senior. The duel's happening in our House's ring.

'What? l thought it was an in-house duel?" Clint asked, now even more confused.

"lt is.. but Madam Aria decided to hold it here. Since one alchemist is a noble and the other's a commoner, she wants to.. send amessage to our House's commoners."

"I see..."

"You coming, Senior?"

"Yeah, sure. Not like I have anything better to do. Might as well watch somecommoner dog get beaten to the dirt," Clint replied with a smirk.

Solvayne House's Duel Ring

Students from all years and both houses filled the area around the ringInside stood Fredrick and Leon, facing each other with focused expressions.Malkof watched from the north side of the ring, while Aria stood on the south"Here," Aria said, handing a small white pendant to Fredrick. "Keep this in yourpocket. It'll boost your defense by 2o% and agility by 3o%.""Thank you, Ma'am," Fredrick said, pocketing it."Go crush that commoner."

A student stepped into the ring to announce the rules:

"Three rules:

First-No killing, under any circumstance.

Second-If you step out of the ring or admit defeat, the match ends immediately.Third-Everything else is fair game. Magic, swords, potions, even summonedfamiliars."

The announcer exited the ring.

"FIGHT!" Aria shouted.

Fredrick bolted toward Leon with surprising speed!

Hup

He jumped and delivered a full-powered punch to Leon's face.

PAW

THUD

Leon hit the ground, blood dripping from his mouth

"How do you like that, you fucking commoner?!" Fredrick sneeredLeon slowly reached into his pocket.

'He's pulling a weapon! Back off!" Aria shouted

"'What the-?!" Fredrick leapt back, taking a defensive stance.

But Leon only pulled out a small healing potion.

Pop

He uncorked it and drank it down.

Gulp-gulp-gulp

Then stood up, smiling

"'Weak fuck," he muttered, his grin widening

The crowd fell silent, confused

"'What did you just say?" Fredrick screamed, charging again and delivering another brutal punch to the samespot.

PAW

THUD

Leon went down-but drank another potion

"'I said you're a fucking idiot who doesn't-"

Thud!

Fredrick's boot slammed into his gut.

Guahh

Leon coughed blood but smiled again, chugging another potion."'What kind of moron keeps taunting a noble after getting beat down? And where's he getting all thosepotions?" Clint asked, baffled.

"I'll fucking kill you!" Fredrick howled and kicked Leon again.Thud

Ghawk...

Blood sprayed. The crowd looked away in disgust

"'Yes... Very good, Break his legs so he never dares stand again," Aria said, delighted

"Hit harder, motherfucker! or did your cow-titted mom never feed you milk?" Leon taunted as he downedanother potion.

INo-he's trying to get himself killed so Fredrick doesn't go after his family.. Il need to stop this,' Malkofthought, stepping forward. But before he could speak, Fredrick grabbed Leon's throat and slammed him to theground.

THUD

"You worthless dog! Don't you dare talk about my mother!" Fredrick shouted, kicking Leon's gut again andagain.

Kick-kick-kick-kick-kick

'No! He'll die! sir Fredrick, if he dies, you'll be suspended!" Malkof shouted.

"I don't care! I'm killing this insect now!""

"Yes... remind them of their place," Aria whispered, smiling darkly.

Fredrick stepped back to admire his work as Leon wasn't moving anymore.

"'I am Fredrick Woodmen, son of Paul Woodmen, and if any of you--"

He stopped mid-sentence.

The crowd wasn't looking at him anymore.

They were looking behind him.

Fredrick turned... and froze as his eyes widened in shock.

Leon was standing again, holding three healing potions in between his fingers.

Pop-рop-pop

He chugged them all and wiped the blood from his face.

Then slicked his hair back with a bloodied hand.

"Oi.. You ever hear of the Law ofConservation of Energy?" Leon asked, smiling. 1"What?" Fredrick blinked in confusion, as did the crowd.

"Energy can neither be created nor be destroyed- it can only be transferred from one form to another. You didn't getit, huh? Let me show you an example.

Leon tossed an empty vial at Fredrick.

Fredrick dodged instinctively, turning to his right.

"Blind spot.

By the time he looked back-Leon was gone

"What the hel-?"

WHOOSH

Leon reappeared right in front of him, his palm pressed onto Fredrick's chest.

"How did-?"

"Release.

Leon twisted his hand slightly.

A massive shockwave burst from his palm.

BOOOOM

Fredrick was sent flying out of the ring immediately.Thud-thud-thud-thud-thud

He lost consciousness mid-air. Blood spilled from every hole in his body-even from under his fingernails

Name: Reverberate]

[Rank: F]

[Level:1]

[Usage: 1/5]

[Description: When used, this skill will start to collect energy in Host's Body, whenever he is struck with or by anobject.

On every hit, this skill will store 4% energy of the opponent's attack power into Host's body as potential energy andcan be released later on command as Kinetic Energy.

Skill can be Leveled up and with every level up the energy Stored will be increased by 1%.] [Mana: 50mana/ Use.

Cooldown: 5 minutes.

"I hope, I have earned back my Non-Attending privilege after this, right ?" Leon asked as he looked at Malkof's shockedface.

"H-Huh.. Y-Yes, You can go now," Malkof replied with a confused expression as he immediately started runningtowards Fredrick's unconscious body.

Before leaving the ring.. Leon looked at Aria one last time and gave her a smirk.[Author: lf you are liking the novel till now, Don't forget to drop a comment.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: Merida is Doing Something
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

58 Merida is Doing Something

"Have you heard the news?"

"What news?"

"The commoner who defeated a noble in a duel."

"What House?"

"Virellis."

"Eh... those alchemists are all weak. It's a fact now."

---

The news of the duel spread through the academy like wildfire. Before long, even the teachers knew.

Headmaster's Office..

It was a spacious room, lined with books and specimens of magical beasts on all sides. In the center stood a large desk made out of rare wood, paired with a massive chair of the same material, its surface layered in the leather of a magical beast.

The room itself held an eerie aura, all of its corners swallowed in darkness.

Aria stood before the old man, her expression tense and fearful.

She could feel the invisible gazes all around her-as if dangerous things were staring at her from all the corners.

"So... you thought letting a noble kid beat up a commoner would set an example for the rest of the commoners?" the old man asked, as he readed a file that was lying on his desk.

"N-No... Sir, i-it was just an in-house friendly duel," Aria stammered, sweat forming on her brow.

"Then why was it happening in your House?" the old man asked, slowly lifting his head. One of his eye locked onto Aria

-and sent a shiver down her spine.

"I-1-1 was just helping Fredrick Woodmen get revenge, Sir. The commoner kid hit him first.

I wanted to set an example-" Aria began to speak involuntarily but quickly clamped a hand over her mouth.

"What's the boy's condition?" the old man asked.

"H-His internal organs are heavily damaged, and his mind is in shock.

"H-His internal organs are heavily damaged, and his mind is in shock.

1-1 used my best healing skill, but... he's not waking up, Sir," Aria replied, her voice shaking.

"Mind injuries are beyond a healer's reach. His father has good ties with the Vermins— and they're one of the ten 7-Star Noble Houses if you don't know," the old man said, standing and grabbing his cane that had a dragon's face as it's handle.

"I-I'm s-sorry, Sir. P-Please... help me," Aria pleaded, bowing deeply, her sweat dripping onto the floor. Fear was clearly visible in her eyes.

"If only this had happened outside the Academy.

We must stop the rumor from spreading— immediately," the old man said, walking to the small window and tapping his cane on the floor twice.

Tap-Tap

Swish

The old woman from the entrance ceremony appeared behind him and she was wearing the same black gown.

"Sir," she said, bowing.

"How many days until the next monthly House Duels?" he asked.

"Seventeen, Sir."

"One week..." the old man muttered.

Both Aria and the woman widened their eyes.

"If you want to stop a news from spreading - drop a bigger one in its place," he said as he observed the students dueling with each other on the ground.

"As you say, Sir," the woman replied, disappearing into the shadows once again.

"I don't want to deal with the Noble Houses- not yet. But the day this news reaches the Woodmen household, you will be held accountable.

You must make it look like Fredrick is fine to his family. I don't care if you use a shapeshifter or whatever it takes," he said, pointing his cane at Aria.

"Y-Yes, Sir! I-I will take care of Woodmen Family." she answered instantly.

"The commoner will remain non-attending. Now get out-and if you ever try something like this again... I swear, Aria-"

"I-1-1 would never... not even in my dreams, Sir!" Aria cried out, eyes shut in relief as she hurried out of the room.

Kingdom's Market, Merida's Butcher Shop…..

Ting.

The bell above the door rang as Leon stepped into the shop, his eyes immediately scanning the empty counter.

"Huh...? Where is she?" Leon muttered, his brows raised in confusion as he casually made his way toward the back of the shop.

But even in the back, there was no sign of her except there was something that attracted Leon's attention...

A knife'w blade lying on the ground without it's handle.

"Huh... That's odd." Leon spoke as he walked forward to pick up the blade but as soon as he bent down,

"Ahnn~ Yes..."

The soft yet desperate moan echoed from the storage room, sultry and raw. Leon froze for a moment, and then a slow,

wicked grin curved across his lips.

'Hehehe... looks like someone is masturbating in the storage room, he thought, walking silently toward the door that was left slightly ajar.

He peeked through the crack.

Inside, Merida was sprawled back on a big hay bale, her thick thighs wide open, her pants and panties hanging around her right leg like she couldn't strip fast enough. Her massive, round ass cheeks spilled over the edge, jiggling slightly every time she moved.

In her hands, she gripped tight, a wooden handle of her knife. She was thrusting it deep into her soaked pussy from the curved side, fast and hungry.

"Ahnn~ Yes! Fuck me more~" she cried out, her voice dripping with primal lust.

Leon's pants twitched, his cock pressing hard against the fabric.

'Now I understand why she spends so much time in the storage room! Leon smirked, his eyes locked on her pussy that was getting pumped with a wooden handle.

"Yes-yes-yes! Grab my neck and choke me! Pound me harder!" Merida's moans grew louder, louder as she increased the speed of the wooden handle going in and out of her pussy.

Her hips jerked upward, impaling herself deeper with the thick handle, the wet slaps echoing faintly against the stone walls.

Leon licked his lips.

'Oh, this is going to be fun he thought as he immediately stepped away from the storage room's gate and cleared his throat.

"Ahem-Ahem... MERIDA, I AM HERE." Leon shouted loudly.

"Oh shit... Merida immediately pulled the wooden handle out of her pussy and started wearing her pants.

"I-1 am coming... Stay There." Merida shouted as she hurried.

"Are you in the storage room? Should I come there ? I can't hear you clearly." Leon replied.

"NO, STAY THERE... 1 AM COMING. Merida shouted once again as she wore her pants and started walking towards the exit gate.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: Home Sweet Home...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

59 Home Sweet Home...

"Huh….. W-Why are you standing here? Get to work, and why the hell are you four fucking hours late?" Merida snapped, quickly correcting up her pants, her face red and flustered.

Leon just smirked casually, like he hadn't just caught her in the middle of stuffing a knife handle into her dripping pussy.

"Well... I got admitted into Velthorne Academy," he said smoothly.

"Oh... So, are you leaving the job ?" Merida asked, her voice suddenly a bit softer, but still serious.

"No. I'm a Non-Attender. So I'll still be coming," Leon replied with a smile.

"Ohh. Phew~ I thought you were about to leave the job. Damn... you scared me there," she said, exhaling in relief, trying to act normal - but her body was still recovering from her masturbation session.

Leon's eyes slid to her cleavage. His smirk deepened.

"Yeah, I was just about to get to work... but that knife over there — I can't find its handle."

Her eyes widened just slightly, a flicker of panic slipping through her flustered face.

"H-Huh...? K-Knife... R-Right. Y-You can just use another one... I-I'll bring you one, just give me a sec-"

Before she could've completed her sentence, Leon leaned in... His breath brushing against her cheek as he spoke, without hesitation,

"How about you take off your pants... and give me the wooden handle that's being holded by your pussy walls ?"

He let his lips graze her skin, soft and slow.

"Remis." Leon whispered as he activated the skill.

Her body jolted - like a current of heat surged through her core. Her legs twitched and Thighs clenched together. Her panties instantly darkened as her soaked pussy began to leak again with love juices.

"W-What are you saying... kid ?" she asked, her voice trembling as she immediately stepped away from Leon.

"Blind Spot." Leon spoke as he vanished from her sight and re-appeared a few steps away sitting on the small stool.

"I am saying... Go and get me that knife fast, I have to go home as well" Leon spoke with a smile.

"H-How did you do that?" Merida asked with a confused and shocked expression as she looked at Leon.

"Did what ?" Leon asked as he pretended to be innocent.

"Huh...? You were just here and-weren't you —but this?" Merida stuttered, looking between where he was and where he should've been.

"Ugh... I think I've done too much work today. I-I'll just bring you another knife..."

She turned away fast, but not fast enough to hide the dark spot on her pant made by her dripping pussy.

Leon watched her thick ass cheeks going up and down as she walked away.

'Playing with thirsty bitches like her... Is just too much fun. I am going to take my sweet time with her! Leon thought with an evil smile.

After completing his work in just 1 hour, Leon left the shop and started walking towards the wagon station.

Leon stepped off the wagon at the village gate, the sky already bathed in the glow of two pale moons.

"Tch... my precious day went to shit in that academy. He sighed, disappointment clear on his face.

"Leon! How are you?" one of the guards called out, raising a hand.

'Hmm? What's up with this clown face?' Leon thought, confused, but shook the guard's hand anyway.

"You really became the village's hero yesterday-saving the chief's son and now getting into Velthorne Academy? Every kid wants to be you, man.

Even my own kid wants to be-*

Leon didn't even bother responding, he just kept walking past with a blank expression.

'm tired, hungry….. and fuck, I'm horny. I need a pussy to fuck and a warm mouth to swallow my cock!

He marched straight to his house and knocked hard.

Knock Knock

"Coming~" Elaine's soft, sweet voice came from inside.

Click.

The door swung open-and bam-Leon's head was yanked right into her massive MILF tits.

'Fuck... nothing beats being smothered by warm mom-tits after a long shitty day! Leon thought as he wrapped his arms around her waist, his palms instantly locking onto her soft, round ass cheeks.

"Wello Mom-" he mumbled into her cleavage, his voice muffled by boobflesh, his hands already groping her thick ass over the skirt.

"I missed you so much..." Elaine whispered, not letting go.

"...and so did my naughty little pussy."

Leon froze for half a second... then lifted her skirt without a word.

"No- no! Come inside first, Elaine giggled, quickly pulling back and shutting the door behind them.

*Click*

The second it clicked shut, Leon grabbed both her wrists and pinned her back against the wall.

"Remis..." he whispered in a low voice, activating the skill.

"Well... would you like to have dinner first or my-mmmh!"

Leon didn't let her finish-he crushed his lips to hers, sucking on them like he is starving for days.

His hand slid straight into her panties, fingers instantly brushing her soaked, hairy slit.

"Tongue. Out. he spoke, breaking the kiss just long enough to give the order.

"Yes..." she obeyed, sticking out her tongue like a good bitch.

Leon latched onto it, slurping it like a candy, his fingers rubbing tight circles around her clit.

Her inverted nipples popped out through the fabric of her bodice instantly.

Pre-cum leaked from her pussy in messy strings.

"Mnnnh~"

"Is Leon back, Mom?"

Selene's voice suddenly cut through the air as she stepped out of the room.

As soon as she turned her head around the entrance, She noticed that Leon and Elaine are standing right next to each other looking at her with a smile.

"Oh, You are back... Did you bring meat?" Selene asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah, Sure." Leon replied with a smile as he slowly slided his hand into Elaine's panty from behind.

"Hikkk~" Elaine immediately let out a weird noise as her body flinched.

"What happened Mom?" Selene asked with a confused expression.

"N-Nothing... Just felt a chill. 1-I will prepare dinner.* Elaine spoke as she bit her lower lip and started walking towards the kitchen, while her panties got completely soaked in pre-cum.

"It's really getting cold... *Sniff** Leon spoke as he smelled his fingers.

"You guys are so weird... I am going to feed Jenny now." Selene spoke as she went back inside her room.

[Author: I just want to confirm you guys that I am not going to drop this story.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: Cleaning Duties
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

60 Cleaning Duties

Chuuu~

Leon devoured Elaine's lips like a hungry lust filled monkey, spit trailing between their mouths as he sucked on her soft lips like candy. Her skirt and panties lay on the kitchen floor, damp and completely useless.

Elaine's body was bent at a filthy angle - one leg stretched up high onto the kitchen counter, the other trembling beneath her, barely keeping her upright as Leon's thick cock pistoned into her soaked cunt.

Slap! Slap! Slap! Slap!

"Ahhh~ Ahhh- Yes! Fuck me more Leo! Fuck my pussy harder, baby~!" Elaine moaned shamelessly, her tits bouncing with every brutal thrust as she slammed her hips down, desperate to take him deeper.

Her pussy made loud, wet squelches, juices gushing out around his dick, soaking the floor beneath them.

Leon leaned in, his eyes filled with lust.

"You like that, you nasty slut?" Leon asked, one of his hand wrapping around her throat, his fingers tightening slowly.

Elaine's eyes rolled half-back, her moans turning hoarse.

"Ahhn~ Y-Yes... C-Can't... b-breathe-" she choked out, her smile utterly wrecked, her tongue slipping out as she drooled like crazy.

Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-!

Her thighs were shaking, pussy clenching desperately for Leon's cock with every thrust.

Leon grunted. "F-Fuck... I'm gonna cum. Take every drop in your fucking womb, Mom." 1

With both hands, he grabbed her massive, heavy tits, squeezing them hard and pulling her nipples outward like handles.

"AHHH~!" Elaine's scream turned into a moan as her entire body spasmed, her back arching hard.

Leon's cock pulsed deep inside her as he exploded, ropes of hot cum shooting straight to her womb's gate, flooding her instantly.

Elaine's cunt squirted violently, gushing clear and creamy fluid down her thighs and over his balls. Her eyes turned white, her tongue out, her breath broken and she immediately went on her toes.

Her pussy squirted. Her womb swallowed. Her brain melted.

"We'll continue this after dinner... in bed. Okay, Mom?" Leon whispered darkly as he slapped Elaine's ass cheeks twice, the sound echoing off the kitchen walls.

Slap! Slap!

"Ahhn~ Y-Yes, Son.. Elaine moaned, her heavy tits squished against the edge of the kitchen counter, her thighs still twitching.

Leon glanced down at his cum-coated cock, still glistening with their mixed fluids.

"You know... I can't wear my pants while my dick is still drenched in sperm," he said with a smirk. "Don't you think, as a good mother, you should take care of your son's dick cleaning duty?"

Elaine's eyes fluttered with submission.

"Y-Yes... Mommy will clean your cock.. she breathed out, dropping to her knees without hesitation.

Sticky trails of cum were still leaking out of her wrecked pussy, dripping thick down her thighs.

Every slight twitch of her hips made her swollen slit part slightly - more warm semen oozing out, dribbling onto the floor.

She leaned forward, her lips pressing a soft kiss to the tip of Leon's dick, her tongue gently scooping up a glob of cum clinging there.

But Leon frowned, unimpressed.

"Get your mouth to work, he growled, fisting her hair and shoving her face forward.

Gwak! Gwak! Gwak! Gwak!

His cock rammed deep into her throat, over and over, making her gag with each brutal thrust.

"Wrap your tongue around it, he snarled.

"Suck out the leftover straight from my urethra."

Elaine obeyed instantly, her tongue swirling, licking every vein as she slurped on his shaft like a starving slut, her throat stretched and drooling.

"Fuck yes..." Leon groaned, watching her MILF face choke and slobber on his cock like she was born for it.

Her pussy still leaking like a broken faucet on the floor.

After getting his dick cleaned, Leon exited the kitchen... Pulling his pants back up.

He made his way to the bedroom and pushed open the door.

Click.

The moment he stepped in, his eyes locked onto Selene-

She was sitting casually on her mattress, both of her massive, milky tits hanging freely out of her bodice.

One nipple was locked between her daughter's tiny lips, suckling greedily, while the other breast hung heavy, dripping faintly with milk.

"Here comes the village prodigy," Selene teased with a smile. "So? How was your big day?"

"Good," Leon replied, already stripping off his belt. "I signed up as a Non-Attending Student. Only have to show up twice a month."

"Smart decision," Selene nodded, adjusting the baby slightly. "We can't afford hostel fees or daily transport anyway."

Leon raised an eyebrow, "How do you even know about Non-Attending Students?"

Selene chuckled, brushing her hair back.

"Your brother-in-law, remember? He was in Velthorne too. He would've graduated if he hadn't knocked me up that night.

He left the academy, became an adventurer to take care of me... and her."

She glanced down at the baby, her voice softer.

"You better remember that, Leon. Always control yourself. Don't go knocking up girls left and right. They have anti-pregnancy spells now, use them."

Leon stared at her— hisexpression blank, voice bold. "Well... it's kinda hard not to cum inside a girl when I'm fucking her like a monkey."

Selene froze.

Her body tensed, eyes widened... and her nipples visibly twitched.

Heat rushed between her thighs before she could stop it.

"Y-You have such a dirty mouth... It drives away all the girls." she muttered, her cheeks burning red.

Leon smirked, leaning back lazily on the mattress.

"Why?"

"W-Why would you... do that to her like that?" Selene asked, her voice uncertain, the image now playing in her head and refusing to leave.

Leon shrugged.

"Because I can. And let's be honest-she'd enjoy it too."

Then he whispered softly—

"Misk."

A screen popping in front of his eyes.

[Choose Target]

(Elaine]

[Selene]

Leon selected Selene immediately.

(Thoughts are being recorded...]

'Even you would enjoy it. wouldn't you?'

Leon thought.

[Thoughts Sent.]

Selene's eyes flickered, her legs subconsciously pressing together.

"I-i didn't mean that... she muttered, blinking as if trying to clear her head.

"W-What if…. what if she didn't like it?"

"Every girl likes being fucked faster and harder..." Leon replied in a bold tone as he looked at Selene's red burning face

with a smile.

"Kids... Come on, The dinner is ready."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61: Mana Threads
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

61 Mana Threads

After finishing dinner, Leon stepped outside his house, walking under the pale moonlight. The night was calm, but his mind wasn't.

"That noble brat won't sit quietly after what happened today. He'll definitely retaliate... and I need to be ready! Leon's expression turned serious. I need better combat skills - something that can level up and attack from a range. I also need to level up... So that I can use my skills on high leveled targets' Leon thought with a serious expression. 2

"Status."

As soon as the word left his lips, a glowing blue screen materialized in front of him.

[Name: Leon Luster]

Class: Alchemist

Race: Human

Level: 3 1

Mana: 150/150

HP: 300/300

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F) [Inspect (C)] [Adaptive Body (S)] [Minor Healing (F2)] (Trap (F)] [Inventory (F3)] [Blind Spot (F)] [Touch of Lust (F4)] [Loose Grip (F)) [Adrenaline Rush (F)] [Lustful Thoughts (F)] [Alchemy (F {S-Cap))] [Glitch Point (E)] [Instant Craft (F1)] [Reverberate (F1)] |

Titles: None

-==

"Whoa... I actually made this many skills already?" Leon raised an eyebrow in surprise. A crooked grin curled his lips.

"Not bad."

His eyes wandered across the moonlit ground, and then-something clicked in his mind.

"Oh... yeah. That one might work." Without wasting a second, Leon activated his skill.

< Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Mana Threads."

[Skill 'Mana Threads' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"When activated, this skill creates an extremely thin thread made of mana that can be manipulated by the user to bind small objects and move them around. The skill can be leveled up, and with each level, the thread becomes 1% stronger."

[Processing...]

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank.]

"Huh...? But I already nerfed it to 1%... If I tried to get it lower than this, the skill will automatically become useless."

Leon frowned, confused.

Suddenly, his passive skill < Glitch Point> flared to life and the level-up portion in the description turned bright red.

Leon's lips curved into a smirk. "Convenient. Now I don't have to guess what's wrong with the description.

He exhaled. "Alright, scratch the leveling mechanic. Let's try another thing ... The skill can't be leveled, but it can be recast up to ten times. Each thread can lift up to ten kilograms."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank.]

Two parts turned red: (10 times) and {10kgs).

1/

"Tch... Fine. Re-cast limit five times, weight cap fifteen kilograms." |

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank.]

Only {15kgs) turned red.

"Seriously? Ugh….. 14kgs."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank.]

"13..."

[Error...]

"12..."

[Processing...]

[Description has been accepted.]

Leon rolled his eyes and sighed in relief. "Finally..."

[Please select the chant for the skill {Mana Threads}.]|

"Threads."

[Chant 'Threads' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost per use: 20]

[Cooldown: 3 minutes per cast]

[Learn or Destroy this skill?]

"Twenty mana per cast... three-minute cooldown... yeah, that's fair! Leon nodded to himself.

"Learn it."

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Mana Thread (F)).]

"Let's give it a shot." Leon looked around and noticed a pebble lying by his foot. He raised his hand and focused.

"Threads."

As soon as he said the words, Nothing happened.

Leon blinked. "Eh?"

He raised his hand again, focusing more. "Threads."

Still nothing happened.

"What the hell? Is it broken?" he muttered.

"Status."

---

[Name: Leon Luster]

Class: Alchemist

Race: Human

Level: 3

Mana: 110/150

HP: 300/300

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F)] [Inspect (C)] [Adaptive Body (S)] [Minor Healing (F2)] [Trap (F)] [Inventory (F3)] [Blind Spot (F)] [Touch of Lust (F4)] [Loose Grip (F)] [Adrenaline Rush (F)] [Lustful Thoughts (F)] [Alchemy (F {S-Cap})] [Glitch Point (F)] [Instant

Craft (F1)] [Reverberate (F1)]

[Mana Thread (F)]

"My mana dropped... from 150 to 110..."

His eyes narrowed. "That means it did activate. But... why didn't anything happen?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he pulled his hand back and suddenly, the pebble went back at a rapid speed.

Leon noticed it from the side of his eye and slowly turned around to look at the pebble in order to confirm his doubt.

"H-How did that-" Leon started speaking as he raised his hand once again and pulled it back.

The pebble went flying again into the opposite direction once again.

"What the fuck ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as this time he gently waves his hand a little and the pebble danced a bit before lying still on the ground once again.

"Okay... I don't understand, How is it happening? I don't see any- Oh..." Suddenly, Leon understood what was happening.

'It's happening because mana is invisible in it's natural state. That's a huge advantage in any battle. Leon thought as he looked at the pebble with a smile.

"Float..." Leon spoke with a smile as he slowly raised his hand and suddenly, the pebble that was lying on the ground a second ago started hovering in Air.

He then slowly placed it into his other hand without physically touching it.

"Wait, Wait, Wait... Leon spoke as he grabbed the pebble and threw it away with full power.

The stone went flying about hundred meters away from me.

"Don't disappoint me..." Leon spoke with an excited expression as he pulled his hand back once again with full speed.

*Thud*

Suddenly Leon heard a sound from behind his back.

He slowly turned around and noticed the same pebble lying on the ground.

"Hahahah... I didn't set a fucking distance limit, that's why it wasn't accepting the level up thingy." Leon spoke as he laughed.

"Leo... Come in, It's getting late. You have to sleep, or you will be sleepy at work tomorrow." Elaine spoke as she opened the gate and noticed that Leon is playing with a pebble.

"Yeah coming" Leon spoke as he looked at Elaine's skirt and used the skill once again.

"Thread..." Leon spoke as he imagined the threads grabbing Elaine's skirt and suddenly, he raised his hand up.

"Kyyaaaa-"Elane shouted as her skirt flew up and revealed her purple panties.

She immediately ran inside the house with an embarrassed expression.

"Hehehe... This skill is going to be fun." Leon thought with an evil smile as more perverted ideas started entering his

mind.

Author: Just a little sick guys, I will make up for chapters tomorrow.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62: The DUNGEON
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

62 The DUNGEON

Adventurer's Guild - Central Hall

A young man in his twenties stood in front of the huge quest board. His jet-black hairs were tied loosely behind his neck, and his sharp, narrow eyes scanned each paper with quiet precision.

"Umm... Sir, are you looking for something specific?" an accountant asked politely as she approached him from behind the counter with a smile on her face.

"I'm looking for a solo quest," he replied, his voice low but confident. "Something that pays well."

The accountant smiled, flipping through the stacked requests. "Ah... Then how about this one?"

She tapped her soft finger against an old paper that was beneath the new quests.

---

[Quest: Glowing Lily Collector]

[Rank: D]

Description:

On the outskirts of the kingdom, near Vernon Village, lies a forest known as Vinceral Forest-home to countless magical beasts, both known and unknown.

Scattered throughout the forest are small, quiet ponds where a rare flower called the Glowing Lily blooms under only the moonlight.

These ponds can only be found at night as they keep switching places around the forest.

Task:

Collect the Glowing Lilies and bring them back for reward.

---

"Oh, that's not bad. Since it's night already, It might be the perfect quest," The adventurer narrowed his eyes. "But, what's the payout per flower?"

"Each lily sells for seventy coppers on the market," she replied sweetly. "But if you bring them here, I'll give you sixty-five after tax and commission."

"Why won't I just sell them in the market then?" He asked with a confused expression.

"Because, First of all... Our guild gets a tax benefit from the Royal Castle as compared to the market.

If you sell it on market, you will have to pay... 10 coppers as tax and Alchemists won't buy it from an adventurer directly for 70 coppers, they always bargain." She replied.

He gave a small nod. "Fine, I'll take it."

As he turned to leave, the accountant's tone shifting to a serious one.

"Sir, a warning," she said seriously. "The forest may look calm on the surface, but we've lost more than a few adventurers in there-especially whoever took this quest. Going solo isn't recommended."

The young man glanced back with a faint smile.

"I like danger."

And with that, he walked out of the guild.

Vinceral Forest - Midnight

Standing before the edge of the silent forest, the adventurer cracked his neck and tightened his grip on the glowing

orb in his right hand. His left hand held a standard longsword, dull in shine but sturdy in build.

"Well then... Let's make some money."

He stepped into the forest. The deeper he went, the more unnaturally quiet everything became.

No crickets. No rustling leaves. Just silence.

After placing the orb softly onto the ground, he crouched and pressed a palm against the damp earth.

"Kartisa... Scuntum."

A low hum echoed through the forest as a scanning spell spread out in a 1km radius. Within seconds, something pinged.

His eyes widened, a grin tugging at his lips.

"Did I just... pick up a dungeon?"

Without wasting another second, he moved northward through the muddy terrain, guided by instinct and magic.

Ten minutes later, something glinted faintly on the ground ahead.

A golden pendant... lying directly in front of a stone stairway, half-buried in moss, descending into the ground.

"If I clear this Dungeon... I'm going to be filthy rich.

He pocketed the pendant and descended into the dungeon.

---

Step. Step. Step.

He walked carefully, sword in hand, each footstep measured. The deeper he went, the darker and scary it grew.

He placed the glowing orb on the floor and rolled it forward.

Whirr..

The orb illuminated the narrow passage-just moss-covered stone, old tiles, and silence.

Until-

Ting.

It tapped against something.

The man walked up, crouched, and lifted a gold ring embedded with a dull blue gem.

"No way…. Jackpot."

He chuckled, whispering to himself.

"I'll grab this, get a team, and raid the whole place. Split the loot, collect finder's fees... retire young-"

Slip.

The tile on which the ring was sitting sank slightly.

Click.

Whizz.-Whizz!

His words stopped mid-sentence as two magic enchanted arrows blasted from both walls-piercing straight through his skull from either side.

THUD.

His body dropped. Blood fountained from the twin holes in his head, pooling beneath him in silence.

"Kekeke.."

"Kekekekekekeke.

Two goblins, no taller than a toddler, scurried out from behind the walls-snickering.

Without hesitation, they stripped his body, rifled through his pouches, and retrieved the ring and pendant.

One goblin gently placed the ring back on the pressure tile.

The other hurled the pendant back toward the stairs.

Then, dragging the corpse by the legs, they disappeared into the shadows.

Moments later, the golden pendant disappeared and reappeared on the dungeon's entrance...

Leon's House, Bedroom…

Selene was sleeping peacefully on her mattress alongside her daughter, unaware of the twisted desire unfolding just a few inches away.

On the bigger mattress, under the same blanket, Leon rubbed his thick, pulsing cock between Elaine's ass cheeks, slowly grinding, teasing, barely holding back.

Elaine bit her lip, eyes shut tight as pleasure stirred inside her.

'Anhh~ Anhh~ He's doing it again...' she thought, her breath catching in her throat.

'I can feel his long, hard dick sliding between my thighs... brushing my bare pussy...'

Her body reacted before her mind could catch up. She raised her leg slightly, instinctively opening herself to him - giving his cock more space to glide between her slick folds.

Leon leaned forward, halfway up now, his hand wrapping tightly around Elaine's face - gripping her cheeks, forcing her lips to pout.

Without hesitation, he turned her head and crashed his lips against hers - hungry, wild, animalistic. Their mouths locked in a desperate kiss, messy and full of heat.

'Mmmh... her lips, Leon thought as their tongues tangled.'They're soft like marshmallows!'

He broke the kiss only to get off his pants and straddle her stomach. His cock, thick and heavy, pressed down on her womb through the thin nightgown, leaving a trail of pre-cum on the soft fabric.

Elaine wrapped her arms around his back, pulling him close, her legs spreading wide, welcoming him on instinct.

She wasn't wearing panties - and now her love juices soaked the sheets below.

'Anhh- My son is devouring my lips like an animal... and I can't resist. Everytime he kisses me wildly like this... I forget I'm his mother and turn into a s-slut! Elaine thought as she continued to enjoy the kiss.

[Author: We are Premium Now, Guys. Keep showing love and I will upload three more chapters today.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63: 1 kilometre Run
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

63 1 kilometre Run

Slurp-Slurp-Slurp 1

"Mnhhff- Mnnfff - Mngf~"

Leon was sucking hard on both of Elaine's nipples, switching between them with wet, messy sounds, while his fingers kept pounding her pussy without mercy. Her legs trembled, her toes curled, and her hand was clamped over her mouth, trying to silence the filthy moans escaping her throat.

'Anhhh~ F-Fuck... he's even better than me at fingering my own pussy... How the hell is that possible? It's like he knows where it feels good in my pussy.

Her back suddenly arched, a wave of orgasm ripping through her body and her eyes rolling back.

'Oh no... I'm cumming againnn~'

A messy, uncontrolled squirt exploded from her dripping pussy, wetting Leon's fingers and the mattress beneath them.

Leon let out a shaky breath as he let go of her nipples, "I can't take this anymore Mom... My dick's about to explode."

He lined up his cock to her wet entrance, sliding it over her pussy lips, soaking it in her juices.

Then, with a devilish smirk, he brought it up to her mouth, tapping it on her lips.

Tap. Tap.

"Open your mouth and taste your cum, Mom," he spoke, rubbing his dick across her lips. "Get it nice and wet for your tight little hole."

"Y-Yes..." she whimpered, gripping his thighs and raising her head like a desperate little slut.

She took his cock in deep, sucking hard - sloppy, noisy, and eager.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Her warm mouth wrapped around his dick, sucking like she hadn't tasted cock in years. A few of Leon's pubic hairs clung to her lips, but she didn't care - she just kept sucking, her eyes half-lidded, spit dripping down her chin.

GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK

"Okay, okay... that's enough, I want to cum but in your pussy mom." Leon spoke, pulling out slowly but her lips clung to his cock, like they didn't want to let it go.

'Haa... I am sitting on her huge, soft tits, fucking her mouth like I own it... wait, I do own it now and it feels heavenly.

What more could I have asked for in my past life?' Leon thought, grinding deeper between Elaine's lips.

'But this life is different. I'll fuck every single MILF in this village—no... this kingdom-no, this whole damn world:

He suddenly slid down, grabbed her thighs, and hoisted her legs up into the air. Her soaked pussy glistened in the dark room. He gave her folds a sharp slap-then another. Feeling her flesh jumping up and down after the slap.

Slap-Slap!

Wetness splashed with every hit. Elaine bit her hand, muffling her moans.

"Mnnf~ Mmmff-"

"Keep that hand right there... Your pussy's about to get wrecked," Leon smirked, slowly running his cock along her dripping pussy lips.

Elaine's body shook, one hand still over her mouth, the other gripping her own thighs.

'Ahhh~ He's teasing me so much... Just put it in already. He wants me to say something...

But if I said anything... I know he'll ram it all the way in and make me scream like a bitch, What an evil son I have.

Leon teased her slit with his tip, circling her folds, pushing just the head in- then pulling it out and teasing her pussy.

"Hehehe... Here it comes, he whispered.

"Mnff-" she moaned through her hand, as her pussy walls clenched around the invading head of his cock.

But just when she thought he'd go deeper-he pulled back again and started rubbing along her pussy lips once again.

'Hehehe... I am not giving it to you just like that. You will need to beg for it and as soon as she removes her hand...

Hehehe, this will be fun' Leon thought with an evil smile.

"Hey... stop teasing me-just-" Elaine started speaking as she got tired of Leon's teasing, But before she could finish, Leon thrust forward, slamming his cock deep inside, his dick's tip knocking at her womb's gate.

"AHHHH~" Elaine screamed out, unable to contain her voice in her mouth.

Leon didn't stop. He leaned in, buried his head in her chest, licking, biting, and sucking her nipples and areolas, as he slammed her pussy like a beast.

Clap-Clap-Clap

Her juices splattered beneath them with every thrust.

"ANHHH~ Yessss~" She moaned even louder but this one was too loud.

"Huh..? Who is it? I will fucking kill you. Huh... I can't see anything?" Suddenly, Selene woke up from her sleep and looked around the room, her eyes narrowed as she was half-asleep.

Leon immediately went under the blanket and placing his head in-between Elaine's boobs, he noticed that Elaine is now grabbing her mouth with both of her hands and she is looking at selene with a scared expression.

Clench-Clench

'Fucking hell... Her pussy is clenching against my cock like crazy. Is she excited because Selene is awake ?' Leon thought with an evil smile as an idea came to his mind.

Because there was so much darkness in the room, Elaine got relieved that she can't see her face.

"Selene... What happened?" Elaine asked slowly removing her hands from her face.

"Huh..? Mom? Are you awake? Was that you?" Selene asked as she touched Elaine's face.

"What are you talking about? I didn't hear anything other than you shouting." Elaine spoke as she pretended that she just woke up from her sleep.

"Huh….? But….. I think, I heard it clearly." Selene spoke, but she was still half-sleep and confused if she really heard the sound or was it just a dream.

"Don't worry, Selene. I think, it was just a bad drea-" Before Elaine could've completed her sentence, She heard Leon's dick digging deeper into her pussy.

His tip forcing her long closed womb to opened up again and even her womb was acting up on it's own.

Instead of stopping Leon's cock from entering inside, it was kissing his dick and welcoming it.

"I-I think.. You should-"

Clap

"Huh..? What was that sound ?" Selene asked with a Confused expression.

"W-What sound ? Oh, That was just my legs... Don't worry about that." Elaine spoke, as she immediately touched Leon's head trying to tell him to stop fucking her pussy.

"Hmm.. I think, I am still asleep and this is all a dream." Selene spoke as she got really confused, if she was asleep or not.

"How about you just lay down-" Before Elaine could've completed her sentence, She felt Leon's dick pulling out of her pussy but stopping at the entrance.

'Oh, No, No, No... He is about to-' Before she could've completed her thoughts, Leon came like a piston and smashed her pussy but in order to stop the sound, he stopped a few inches back.

He fucked her pussy under the blanket without making a sound while she talked to Selene.

"Hehe." Leon smiled as he grabbed her nipples as well and started pulling them while fucking her pussy like a rabbit.

"Mnff~" Elaine placed both of her hands on her mouth as she felt her nipples getting pulled and her pussy getting banged without any mercy.

"Hmm..? What was that mom? Did you say something?" Selene asked with a confused expression.

"N-Nothing... You just sleep... Just go back to sleep, Girl." Elaine spoke in strict voice.

"Fine... Don't shout." Elaine spoke as she laid down once again, falling asleep in just a second.

Leon peeked out of the blanket and slowly brought his mouth upto Elaine's mouth.

"Hello, Mom." He whispered with an evil smile as he continued to bang her pussy.

"Y-You are an evil son." Elaine whispered back.

Well then... The evil son is about to cum in your womb, Take it. Leon spoke as he started to pound her pussy even faster, keeping her legs locked in position.

"N-No, Leo... I will get pregnant. Don't do th-" Before Elaine could've completed her sentence, Leon placed his hand into her mouth and emptied his balls into her womb.

Long threads of white, thick and hot semen filled her womb upto the brim.

Elaine's eyes turned white as she felt Leon's belly pressing against her hard clit.

"C-Cumminggg~" Elaine spoke as she also came, her legs trembling so much that the blanket went flying to the other side of the room.

"Good night." Leon spoke as he dropped down on her boobs using them as pillows, while his dick was still inside her pussy twitching and still releasing small amounts of cum into her womb.

1-1 am definitely getting pregnant... I-I have to get that spell from the market tomorrow' Elaine thought as she also lost consciousness drifting into sleep.

The next Morning….

*Blink-Blink*

Leon's eyes opened at 4am and he noticed that it was still dark outside.

He slowly stood up from Elaine's chest pulling his cock out of her pussy.

Leon went to the backyard and washed his face in some cold water.

"Last night was too good." He spoke as he rubbed his eyes.

"... But, I need to work on my physique as well and that will start with a 1 kilometre run." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he exited his house and started stretching his body for a run.@

(The chapters will be lonher now, Guys. Enjoy reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64: Goblin's Cave
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

64 Goblin's Cave

*Huff-Huff—Huff—Huff*

*Step-step-step-step*

The twin moons still lingered in the sky, casting a pale light over the academy fields. A thick, white fog blanketed the grass, and within it, a lone figure could be seen sprinting— barely.

Leon was gasping for air, every hundred meters burning through his stamina like wildfire.

"Fucking hell... this body's way too damn weak," Leon muttered, staggering to a stop. "My chest feels like it's gonna cave in... and don't even get me started on my legs..."

Without wasting another second, he activated the one skill he could rely on.

<Adaptive Body>

[Scanning Conditions...]

[Condition Scanning Successful.]

[Body is suffering from oxygen loss, Slow heart rate and Leg Muscles are breaking frequently.]

[• Adapting lungs to refine oxygen 10% faster.] [• Increasing Heart rate by 18%] [• Consuming calories to form new leg muscles.]

[Warning: As soon as Host's Body condition returns back to normal, Skill will be turned off and this may cause some internal injuries.] 4

Leon felt it immediately. The burning in his chest cooled. His heartbeat kicked into high gear like a war drum. He even felt some of his belly fat burn away-immediately. The ache in his legs began to dull as fresh muscles rebuilt themselves in real time.

..Goddamn. This skill is good," Leon muttered with a twisted grin as he started running again without thinking much.

He ran along the edge of the Vinceral Forest, the cold fog brushing against his skin, when he suddenly heard some voices up ahead.

"Alright! Are you guys ready?!"

"Yes, sir!"

Leon's instincts kicked in. He slowed down, crouching low and silently slipping into the underbrush. His eyes locked onto the group ahead.

'Who the hell is out here at this hour ?' he thought, narrowing his eyes.

Through the mist, a small adventuring party stood at the forest's edge.

In front was a tall, muscular guy holding a massive shield and a heavy mace-clearly the tank. Next to him stood a robed man, his cloak decorated with shimmering golden stars. A mage, no doubt.

Behind them stood a petite girl with black hair, Medium sized boobs and good ass. She wore a white robe and clutched a healer's wand. And at the back was a blonde archer, flat-chested but with a firm, athletic ass, a quiver full of arrows strapped to her back.

"Are you ready to find that motherfucking monster that's gonna make us rich?!" the tank shouted, riling up the group.

"Yes, sir!" the others echoed in unison.

'Monster? What kind of monster are they looking for?' Leon thought, staying low.

"Well then-follow me! Today, we either kill that goddamn Umbraclaw or-"

"Or what?" the mage asked with a smile.

"Or we try again tomorrow," the tank grinned.

"Hahahaha..."

"Hahahah…"

"Hehehe...

All of them started laughing and Leon's brow furrowed.

What the hell's an Umbraclaw?' He thought with a confused expression.

Still crouched in the shadows, he started tailing them, his curiosity outweighing caution. He moved from tree to tree, careful to stay out of their sight and maintained a safe distance.

The party worked together like a well-oiled machine. The tank drew aggro, roaring taunts that forced monsters to focus on him. The healer backed him up without delay. Meanwhile, the mage and the archer were raining hell from the backline-clean, precise, efficient.

'Huh. Not bad... no useless showboating, no ego. Just tight teamwork. That's rare... But, fighting these stupid one-horned rabbit is easy, Why would they bring four people to hunt them?' Leon thought as he continued to follow them until...

*Squish*

"..Shit." Leon froze.

He looked down.

His foot had sunk into a shallow swamp patch, cold and wet mud sloshing all over his shoe.

"Fucking Hell.." he hissed, yanking his leg free. His shoe was soaked through.

Grumbling, he bent down to take it off-but then his eyes caught something.

A footprint.

'Huh?'

He glanced around and saw more footprints. A trail. They were heading north, deeper into the forest.

Leon straightened up and looked back in the direction of the party-but they were gone, swallowed up by the fog and trees.

A faint glow appeared on the horizon.

The fog began to thin.

'Sunrise, huh...' Leon thought, squinting at the tracks once more.

Without a hint of hesitation, Leon began following the trail of footprints, his instincts pulling him deeper into the northern stretch of the Vinceral Forest.

Ten minutes passed.

The further he walked, the quieter it became.

Unnaturally quiet.

No birds. No bugs. No breeze. Just utter silence.

Thick fog coiled around the trees like a living thing, swirling and twisting with each of his steps. The deeper he went, the heavier the air became-like the forest itself was holding its breath.

Leon slowed his pace, his eyes sharp and heart steady.

'This is getting scary and exciting at the same time. Is this some kind of hidden area in the forest?' Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

"Inventory... Withdraw, he muttered.

*Ting*

A faint shimmer of light appeared before him, revealing the semi-transparent window of his inventory. He tapped a slot and materialized a long, sharp knife-the same one he had snagged from Merida's shop yesterday.

"Good thing I took this," he said, gripping the handle tightly.

The fog began to peel away-unnaturally fast. Almost as if it sensed something was about to begin.

As visibility returned, Leon scanned the area immediately, his eyes moving at an incredible speed.

Then—he saw it.

A stone staircase, half-buried in moss and vines, leading straight into the earth.

And in front of it...was lying a golden pendant.

It gleamed brilliantly under the first rays of the morning sun, practically begging to be picked up.

Leon narrowed his eyes.

"Tch. Only some dumb fuck would fall for that, Leon spoke with no hesitation and no curiosity because he knew it was a Trap.

He activated his skill.

<Inspect>

一

[Name: Goblin's Cave]

[Type: Dungeon]

［Rank:F

[Status: Uncleared]

[Description: A small, low-rank dungeon inhabited by a tribe of cunning goblins. Filled with Traps and ambushes. Most adventurers underestimate it.]

'A dungeon huh ?" Leon thought as he used the skill on the pendant this time.

< Inspect >

[Name: Gold Pendant]

[Rank: EJ

[Type: Jwellery]

[Crafter: unknown]

[Description: A very shiny pendant that can attract any lady's attention. It can be sold for quite some money.]

'A Gold Pendant lying right on the entrance of a goblin dungeon... Is it a breeding trap for Female adventurers ?' Leon thought as he looked around and found a long wooden stick lying near a big tree.

He slowly walked upto the pendant in a zig-zag pattern to avoid any floor traps and slowly picked it up with the stick.

"Huh... Nothing happened?" Leon thought with a confused expression as he grabbed the pendant in his hand and gave it a closer look.

*Slip*

Suddenly, The floor underneath him Shaked a little... Throwing him off-balance.

"Fucking-" Before Leon could've completed his sentence, He fell down the stairs.

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65: Tch-Tch
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

65 Tch-Tch

Thud

"Fucking hell..." Leon cursed as he tumbled down the stairs and landed hard on the floor.

Groaning, he stood up slowly, realizing that everything around him was pitch black-he couldn't see a thing.

<Adaptive Body>

[Extreme tension on Host's eyes has been detected.]

[Adjusting vision.]

Within seconds, Leon's eyes shifted-his pupils narrowing into slits like a cat's. The darkness faded, and the surroundings became crystal clear.

He looked ahead and spotted a long corridor leading to a metal door at the end. The walls were made of stone, overgrown with moss, and a foul stench wafted from up ahead.

"I need to get out of here..." he muttered, spinning around to leave-only to find a solid wall behind him, where the staircase had been.

"What? But-" His words caught in his throat. There hadn't been a sound. No rumble. Nothing but a wall appeared behind him, Leon couldn't understand how this happened.

He reached out and pressed his palm against the wall, to confirm if it was real or not... To his disappointment the wall was real.

'Dammit... I shouldn't have picked up this damn pendant, Leon thought, as he brought the pendant upto his face and looked at it with an Irritated expression.

'Looks like this dungeon has no plans of letting me out unless it's cleared-just like those RPGs I used to play on earth:' Leon thought with a serious expression.

'*sigh*, I am assuming that the enemy still doesn't know of my presence yet So, I will just take off these shoes... They are wet and they are making too much sound on this floor! He thought as he sighed, then bent down and took off his shoes, storing them in his inventory.

T'll save 'Skill Crafter' for emergencies until then, I will test this skill..' Leon thought with a serious look, as he activated a passive skill.

<Glitch Point>

Immediately, a tile ahead glowed brightly red and sitting on it was a golden ring with a gleaming blue gem on it.

'Yeah... I am not picking that up. Leon narrowed his eyes and used another skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Magician's Ring]

[Rank: E]

(Type: Artifact]

[Crafter: Unknown]

[Description: An old ring that never lost its shine. When worn, it slightly increases the wearer's mana.]

'An artifact that boosts mana? Sounds valuable…. but what's the trap ?'

He glanced at the nearby walls— and noticed something. Carefully, he brushed aside the thick moss to reveal a small hole.

‹Inspect

[Name: Basic Arrow Trap]

［Rank:F］

[Description: A basic weight-triggered trap. Once triggered, arrows are shot from the hole.]

"Huh... wonder how many of these are around."

Leon scanned the corridor and spotted more similar holes, every single one of them cleverly concealed behind the moss.

"Well, that's a smart way to hide traps, but I have a smarter way to trigger it" He said with a smile. Stepping away from the step, Leon raised his hand and activated his skill...

"Threads..."

He imagined a thread forming from his hand and wrapping around the ring.

Pull

Suddenly, Leon pulled his hand back and the ring flew toward him.

Catch

Slip

Leon caught the ring but the tile that the ring rested upon, started sinking down silently.

Whizz-Whizz

Two arrows shot from opposite walls, smashing into each other midair before falling to the floor in pieces.

Tick

'Hmm... only two arrows? What about the other holes?' Leon wondered as he looked at the floor for any more trigger tiles but didn't see any.

Shrugging, he slid the Magician's Ring onto the index finger of his right hand and whispered,

"Status."

---

[Status Screen]

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Alchemist

Race: Human

Level: 3

Mana: 160/250 (+100)

HP: 300/300

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F)], [Inspect (C)], [Adaptive Body (S)], [Minor Healing (F2)], [Trap (F)], [Inventory (F3)], [Blind Spot (F)],

[Touch of Lust (F4)], [Loose Grip (F)], [Adrenaline Rush (F)], [Lustful Thoughts (F)], [Alchemy (F {S-Cap)],

[Glitch Point (F)], [Instant Craft (F1)], [Reverberate (F1)], [Mana Thread (F)]

Titles: None

---

"Hmm... 100 mana increase. Not bad," Leon spoke, looking at the screen with a neutral expression.

Suddenly, a weird sound echoed through the corridor.

"Kekekeke..."

"Kekekeke..."

Leon immediately pressed his back to the wall as two small goblins emerged from the shadows. One dragged a rusty sword, the tip scraping against the ground. The other clutched a wooden club in its dirty, clawed hands.

Their skin was green and sickly, nails blackened with filth and dried blood.

As they reached the tile, both goblins stopped abruptly. Their expressions twisted with confusion and fear.

"Kekee….?"

"Keeekkkee!!??"

They began arguing, pointing and yelling at each other.

< Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Race: Goblin]

[Level: 4]

(HP: 32/32]

[MP: 15/15]

[Description: A low-ranking monster commonly found in dark caves and dungeons. While weak and unintelligent on their own, goblins become dangerous when in groups due to their cunning teamwork and ambush tactics.]

They're not smart enough to build something like that trigger based trap. Someone else must've made it- and these guys are just using it to catch prey:

Leon watched as the goblins split up. One of them wandering further down the hall, the other slowly approaching his position.

"Time to level up... One strike and One kill. Leon thought as he used his skill.

**•

*Tch-Tch*

A slow, clicking sound echoed from the corner of the corridor. The goblin immediately turned towards it, a confused expression on its face.

"Kekeke..?"

Suddenly, it noticed the ring it had been searching for-floating in the air.

Tang

The goblin immediately dropped its sword and walked toward the ring.

"Keke.." it murmured, raising both hands and jumping like a monkey, trying to grab it.

Tch-Tch

Again, the same sound came from the left. The goblin froze mid-jump, it's eyes darting toward the shadowy corner.

"Surprise, motherfucker." Leon stepped forward and drove his dagger straight into the goblin's neck with full power: 1

"Kew-" Before it could understand what was happening, the dagger tore through its throat, silencing it instantly.

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up.]

Murky-red blood sprayed from the wound as the goblin collapsed to the ground.

Thud

"Keke?"

Another goblin heard the noise. It gripped its club tightly and began moving cautiously toward the sound.

"Kekekeke?"

"Kekekeke?"

It called out for it's partner-but no answer came from the other side.

Tip

Suddenly its foot touched something wet. The goblin knelt, dipped a claw into the liquid, and sniffed it. His eyes went wide because it was his partner's blood.

But it was already too late.

"Tch Tch" Leon's made a clicking sound from his mouth, followed by the slick hiss of a blade.

Chk

Thud

This time, Leon used the sword of his partner to deliver a clean, powerful strike. The rusty blade sliced clean through the goblin's neck.

Swing

Leon swung the sword to fling off the blood.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66: LAST RISE *
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

66 LAST RISE *

After killing both of the Goblins Leon stepped over their corpses, his skill < Glitch Point> was still active, showing him if there is any hidden traps, triggers or any type of spell near him. 1

He moved forward towards the metal gate cautiously until he noticed an opening in the wall- a room partially hidden in the stone.

Leon opened the gates of the hidden room and a very foul stench hit his nostrils.

"Ugh... smells like rotten meat," Leon muttered, squinting as he stepped inside.

The room was hell.

Five half-eaten corpses hung from iron hooks on the walls. Four of them were already infested- maggots writhing under their tattered skin. But one... it was still fresh.

A young man. Jet-black hairs covering his face.

One of his leg and his right arm gone-hacked off brutally. Charred flesh sealed the stumps.

Two holes pierced into either side of his skull.

Leon scanned the room quickly. A pile of arrows rested on the right side of the room, and next to them were a series of complex trap mechanisms.

"They weren't tall enough to load more than two traps... that's why the other traps weren't working." Leon spoke, examining the setup.

He turned and spotted some discarded weapons-rusted swords and cheap bows most likely taken from the dead adventurers.

He picked up a bow, but the wood cracked immediately in his grip.

"Too weak." Leon spoke with neutral expression as he threw away the broken bow and raised his hand to pick up another bow but…..

"H-Help…."

Leon froze.

His eyes slowly turned back toward the hanging figure.

The boy's chest rose weakly. He was still alive.

Leon immediately stepped closer and asked with a serious expression "Oi... you are still alive ?"

"Y-Yes..." came the faint reply, no louder than a whisper.

"Hold on-I'll get you down-"

'How is he still alive after getting his hand and leg chopped off... There are holes in his fucking head. What is this guy made out of ?' Leon thought with a serious expression as he immediately grabbed the hook.

"D-Don't, I will die instantly... the hook is too deep in my spine and it's on the verge of stabbing through my heart.

Move me or the hook and I will die." The boy's bloodied hand raised slowly, pointing toward a small wooden box near the arrows. "P-Pick that…. up... Sir."

Leon looked at the box with a confused expression, then approached the box and lifted it carefully.

"Human Kingdom... 4th Street... near the milk shop... red roof house... *COUGH-COUGH*" The boy coughed violently, blood trailing from the corners of his mouth. "Deliver it... there. And... I'll give you something.

Something that'll help you *cough* get out of this damn place."

Leon's looked at the box then looked back at him. "What about you ?"

The boy smiled. A tired, broken smile. "K-Kill me."

"Huh?" Leon spoke with a shocked expression.

"Don't worry, You would... be doing me a favor. My head... feels like it's splitting open. I don't want to die like this-hung like meat in a butcher shop. I want... an honorable death. From a blade... Grant me that..."

'Hah... I can understand his condition, If I left him like that he will die, if I moved him he will die and even if I take him down without killing him... I don't know how long this dungeon is.

His wounds are to severe and can't be healed by minor heal skill. Fuck I should've carried some healing potions.

Well, can't do anything now... the best I can do is grant him a good painless death. Leon thought with a neutral expression as he tightened his grip around his sword.

"...Venzues Demarkus..." As soon as he spoke these words, a small black book shimmered into existence in his hand.

He tossed it to Leon.

*Catch*

The cover was pitch black. No title. No markings. There was nothing written over the book.

"A forgotten technique... passed down in my family. No one's ever gotten beyond the first form. But it's not bound to class and anyone can learn it-

*COUGH-COUGH*

He coughed again. Harder this time and more blood flowed out of his mouth.

Listen kid, i-if you can just learn even the first stance... you'll survive this dungeon. Just-*cough*-keep your eyes open. There's more here than what you see..."

Leon didn't reply.

"I'm done, kid. Make it fast... the hook is going through my heart..."

Leon stepped forward, raising the sword in his hand.

"What do I say? Who sent the box?" He asked placing the sword's tip over his chest.

"...Tell her Nemo sent it."

Leon nodded.

"Goodbye…. Nemo."

41

*Stab*

The sword pierced clean through his chest. Nemo gasped, then smiled... and went still.

Leon exhaled. Quiet. Heavy. Then yanked the blade free.

*Swing*

Blood flung off the edge in one clean motion.

He turned and exited the room without looking back.

A few steps later, he stood before a metal gate embedded into the wall, a small lever just beside it.

Before pulling it, Leon took out the black book.

As soon as he opened it, a screen popped up in front of him.

[Would you like to learn the Technique < Last Rise>?]

Leon blinked. "Wait, I can just... learn it like that?"

"Damn, If that guy found out that I am learning it like this, he will just wake up from the dead and bonk me on the head.

Leon spoke as he immediately clicked on yes.

*Click*

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the first stance of <Last Rise> Technique.]

[Name: Last Rise]

[Rank: ??]

[Stance 1: 0 / 10,000]

[Description: A mysterious sword technique with no confirmed origins.]

(Mana: None]

[Cooldown: None]

Leon frowned.

"What does that even mean? Ten thousand uses just to unlock the next stance? No doubt no one in his family made it to second stance."

Without wasting another second, Leon yanked the lever.

*Phissshhh*

The iron gate slowly groaned open. Beyond it was light.

Torches lined the corridor ahead, casting flickering shadows on the stones. Below each torch, small cave-like alcoves were carved into the wall.

"Why are there-" Before Leon could've completed his sentence, He noticed a green hand coming out of the alcove.

"Kekekekeke…"

"Keekekekekeke.."

"Kekekekekekeke…."

"Kekekekekekeke"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67: Second Room
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

67 Second Room

As soon as Leon saw the small green hand crawling out of the alcove, he immediately knew-it was a goblin.

But before he could process it fully, another hand emerged from a different alcove.

"Kekekekeke.

"Kekekeke..."

"Kekeke..."

Goblin laughter echoed around him like a twisted chorus. One by one, they began crawling out, their sinister giggles overlapping. Leon's instincts flared, screaming at him to fall back. He spun around-only to find the gate had already sealed shut behind him.

"Fuck... That's just cheating," Leon muttered, gritting his teeth as he punched the gate.

*Thud*

*Fuck it, I was planning to save this one... The system might slap a restriction on future skills if I go too far. But screw the system right now.

Leon activated the skill without hesitation..

<Skill Crafter>

[Please enter a name for the skill...]

"Life Steal."

[Skill 'Life Steal' has been created.]

3|

[Default rank has been set to 'F.]

[State the function of the skill.]

"A passive skill that automatically activates when the user is fighting two or more enemies. When the user deals damage, 10% of that damage is returned as healing."

[Processing...]

Crack...

Crack...

"Kekekeke.."

The goblins cracked their necks and joints, stretching as more of them emerged, flashing wicked grins and rusted weapons.

Leon scowled. "The fuck are you laughing at, motherfuckers..."

[Error: Skill description does not match Rank.]

"Fuckin hell, this is not the time for this..." Leon activated <Glitch Point> to analyze the issue and only one word was highlighted in red: 10%.

"Eight percent."

[Error: Skill description does not match Rank.]

"Six percent."

[Error: Skill description does not match Rank.]

More than fifteen goblins had emerged by now, all brandishing blades.

"Fuck-five percent."

Leon tightened his grip on his sword and summoned the knife from his inventory as sweat beads formed on his forehead.

[Processing...]

[Description accepted.]

[Select Chant-]

"Life Steal," Leon said without hesitation.

[Chant 'Life Steal' has been selected.]

[Estimated Mana Cost: 1 mana/minute]

[Cooldown: 1 hour after turned off.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"KEEEEEEEE!!" one goblin shrieked, pointing at Leon as the horde charged forward with high-pitched howls, there were more than 20 of them by now.

"Learn the damn skill. Life Steal!" Leon shouted, activating it instantly. He raised his hand towards the goblins.

"<Loose Grip>. <Adrenaline Rush> <Blind spot>.. Leon activated three skills at the same time without hesitation.

[Warning: More than three skills are active simultaneously. Penalty will be applied.]

[Warning: Host is dangerously low on mana.]

[{Mana Deficiency) detected. Body will adapt.]]

[Warning: More than Four Skills are active, Penalty will increase.]

[Mana absorption temporarily increased by 18%.]

Leon's body jolted. His muscles tightened. His breath turned sharp-and his eyes turned pitch black.

Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang

Without warning, every weapon the goblins held slipped from their hands and clattered to the floor. But that wasn't the terrifying part— it was Leon's figure vanishing from their view.

And reappearing in the center of the horde.

His eyes locked onto the red marks glowing across their bodies— their weak points highlighted by ‹Glitch Point».

Without hesitation, he swung his blade.

Slash-Slash-Slash-Slash

[+30 HP, +30 HP, +30 HP, +30 HP]

Every strike was precise. Every kill clean. Leon didn't waste movement neither did he hesitate.

Goblin heads rolled on the ground, their chests burst open and skulls shattered beneath his bare feet.

[Congratulations! You have leveled up.]|

[Congratulations! You have leveled up.]|

In just the opening clash, Leon took down seven goblins and ended up on the opposite side of the hall. His face, hands, clothes, even his hair-were soaked in goblin blood.

The remaining goblins froze mid-motion, still fumbling for their weapons. When they finally picked them up, they were greeted with the sight of their comrades' mangled corpses lying in pools of blood under their own feets.

"Kekekeke!!??"

"Kekekekekeke….!!!!"

"Kekekekekeke…!!!!!"

They weren't laughing now. They took a step back, Their eyes fixed on Leon-not with amusement, but with fear.

He wasn't prey anymore.

"..Eight... nine... ten," Leon counted aloud with a twisted smile. But he wasn't counting the enemies.

"Kekekekekekekekekekeke...!!" The goblins began to advance again while shouting loudly as if trying to scare him-but they marched forward slower this time, their weapons held tighter and more cautiously.

[Cooldown: 01]

Leon raised his hand again.

"Loose Grip. Blind Spot." he spoke as a smirk spread across his face.

Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang

Their weapons fell. Again.

All of them instinctively bent down to retrieve them- except one. One goblin looked up and noticed that leon was gone.

"KEKEKEKEKEK-!!?" He shouted loudly as if trying to warn his friend about him but it was too late.

"Shut the fuck up, green pest. Leon's voice came from behind him-followed by a clean slice through his neck.

Thud

Another goblin lunged at Leon, his weapon in hand-but the knife in Leon's left hand met his right eye mid-rush, ending him in a single stab.

*Stab*

Leon yanked the blade free, dropping his body on the floor and plunged it into the back of another goblin who was still crouched down.

Stab

Squelch

Slash-Stab-Slash-Stab

[Congratulations! You have leveled up.]

In the second round of carnage, Leon wiped out three-fourths of the goblins and only five of them remained now.

The last of them were scared out of their wits, they didn't hesitate as they turned around and bolted toward the same alcove.

But they didn't make it far.

Leon chased them down and carved his sword through each one before they could escape.

After killing every single Goblin in the room, Leon swinged his sword flinging off their blood from it's blade.

[Warning: Mana depleted. You will-]

Before the notification could finish, Leon opened his inventory and pulled out the mana potion he had crafted back during the academy trial.

Pop

Gulp.

[+50 MP]

He tossed the empty vial aside, his chest rising and falling.

[Multi-skill cast penalty has been applied.]

[All active and passive skills are now on 1-hour cooldown.]

After reading these notifications Leon took a seat on the blood covered ground as his body started to hurt like hell and he couldn't do anything about it except enduring it.

"Fuck It's like... Every single bone in my body is crushed into powder and every muscle has been stretched out to the limit." Leon spoke as he slowly placed his back against one of the walls and closed his eyes due to exhaustion but he didn't let go of his weapons.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68: Boss Room
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

68 Boss Room

Tip-Tip-Tip

Blood dripped from Leon's hair onto the stone floor, each droplet falling in a rhythm as he sat quietly, cross-legged amidst the corpses. His eyes were vacant, staring at the crimson splash pattern forming below him.

"Heal..." he muttered, placing a hand over his chest.

[Cooldown: 1:30]

'One more minute... he thought, his face expressionless.

"I don't know why, but I wish I had some dope right now," Leon murmured, his eyes drifting toward a severed goblin head nearby, its lifeless gaze fixed on him.

"Stupid fuck... weren't you laughing at me earlier. Not so funny now, is it? Cracking your damn knuckles like you were some kind of boss... Fuck face, he scoffed, a grin pulling at his lips.

[Note: All skill cooldowns have been removed.]

The notification flickered to life, and without hesitation, Leon pressed his palm to his chest again.

"Heal."

Warmth spread across his chest and muscles as the tension faded, like a slow exhale after a clenched breath, even though Leon was still feeling some pain in his body but it was lesser now.

"Phew~ Much better, he said, rolling his shoulders.

"Now... onto the next task." Leon spoke as he immediately activated the skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Leeching Aura."

[Skill 'Leeching Aura' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A passive skill that activates when my mana drops below 20%. Any time an enemy casts a spell on me, 10% of their total mana is leeched and absorbed," Leon stated confidently.

[Processing…..]

[Description has been accepted.]

"…..Wait, what?" Leon stared at the notification, blinking in confusion.

"That fast? No error or something other shit?" He asked with a confused expression.

[Please select the chant for the skill (Leeching Aura).]

"Tch. Cancel the skill," he muttered, cancelling it without a second thought. 1

<Skill Crafter>

He activated the skill again.

'If I can push it higher... I will; Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

"...Whenever an enemy casts a spell on me, 30% of their total mana will be leeched and absorbed." He spoke, trying to push the limits of the spell. 1

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again.]

"Oh, I will.." Leon smirked.

"25%."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank.]

"21%."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank.]

*...20%." |

[Description has been accepted.]

'So, the system's got a strict cap for HP-based skills... but mana? Not as harsh. I should make more skills that increases or restores mana faster and a skill for Multi-cast... I don't want all of my skills locked for one hour' Leon thought with a serious expression.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Leeching Aura}.]

"Mana Sucker."

[Chant 'Mana Sucker' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill: 5% of total mana.]

[Cooldown: 15 minutes after turning it off.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it."

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Leeching Aura}.]|

"Alright then..." Leon stood, brushing some goblin blood off his clothes. "Time to move forward."

Leon walked up to the next gate and spotted a lever beside it.

Without hesitation, he grabbed it and pulled it down.

*Creaaaak*

The gate creaked open, and Leon stepped through.

The moment he passed the threshold-

*Thud*

The gate slammed shut behind him.

He turned around and stared at it, unfazed.

'Finally made a damn sound this time, Leon thought, his expression neutral, before turning back around.

Unlike the previous corridors, this was a full chamber— a vast, dimly lit hall illuminated only by four torches, one on each wall. Their flames flickered, casting dancing shadows across the stone floor.

At the center stood an altar, strange etchings carved into its surface.

"Glitch Point," Leon muttered.

The skill activated but showed nothing.

No red marks or any hidden traps around the room.

"Is this a treasure room or something?" he said, furrowing his brow as he walked up to the altar, scanning it with suspicion.

Crude drawings decorated the altar: two small figures at the bottom, then several more above them... and finally, a towering figure at the top.

"..This isn't random." Leon leaned in, shifting his angle as he looked closely.

Suddenly, It clicked.

"Is this a map of this dungeon?" he whispered.

His fingers traced the base of the altar. "Two goblins in the first room..."

*Slide*

He slid his finger upward. "More goblins after that..."

*Slide*

"And then... a big creature-"

*Tip*

A single droplet echoed in the room, breaking the complete silence. Leon's eyes darted toward the wall near the entrance.

When he looked up-

He froze.

Clinging to the wall like some grotesque spider was a dark green-skinned creature. Massive. Muscular. Holding a wooden club in one hand and wearing a bone-collar lined with tiny skulls around its thick neck. A crude crown of feathers and filth sat atop its head.

Its glowing blood-red eyes were locked onto Leon.

'Stay calm, motherfucker... You're not getting out of here, so just keep your shit together and don't look scared. If he senses fear, you're dead:

Leon's legs threatened to tremble. He clenched his fists, forcing his body to stay still.

There was no escape-so there was no point thinking about it. Leon used his skill on the creature...

< Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Race: Goblin Lord]

[Level: 10]

[HP: 800/800]

[MP: 400/400]|

[Description: When a goblin slaughters and devours its own kind, it evolves into a Goblin Lord. These beasts possess immense strength and are highly resistant to physical damage.]

'Why don't I see any weak points on his body? Is Glitch Point not working on him?' Leon thought, his eyes narrowing.

THUD

The creature suddenly dropped from the wall with a deep thump, landing squarely on its feet.

It raised its club and pointed it directly at Leon.

'It's challenging me' Leon thought as he instinctively raised his sword.

The two began circling each other, their eyes locked and steps cautious.

'I would've made a useful skill if only I knew this was a boss room. Leon thought as he continued to look at the Goblin Lord.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: Last Rise **
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

69 Last Rise **

As Leon and the Goblin Lord circled each other, they locked eyes, waiting for a suitable opportunity to strike.

The Goblin Lord knew Leon had slaughtered all the goblins before this room and that was the reason why he wasn't rushing in first even though he was so much stronger than him.

'It's fight or die... Leon. You'll either kill him or he'll kill you— and don't forget you have two MILEs at home waiting for you, one of which you still haven't fucked.

So, Get your shit together: Leon thought as he tightened his grip on the blade.

"Grrrrrrrrr..." The Goblin Lord growled low, then stopped and began tapping his club on the ground.

"You go first... Green Fuck." Leon raised his chin, taunting him with a crooked grin.

"GRRRRRRRRR!!"

The Goblin Lord roared and leapt into the air, landing hard-barely two feet in front of Leon. He yanked his club back and brought it down with full force.

"Woah-" Leon stepped right and dodged the strike cleanly.

*Thud*

*Slide*

Before he could even think about counter-attacking, the Goblin Lord slid the club across the floor to his right rapidly.

*Thud*

The club slammed into Leon's legs.

"Fucking-!" Leon hit the ground hard.

*Thud*

Before he could finish cursing, he saw it-the club was already coming down at him from above once again with full speed.

*Roll*

He rolled hard to the side and scrambled up.

*Slide*

The same move again.

The Goblin Lord was sliding the club in from the side like clockwork.

Leon jumped this time and dodged it easily.

The club was pulled back and brought down once more-

Leon stepped aside and dodged again.

*Thud*

*Slide*

*Jump*

"He's attacking in a fucking pattern... just like a goddamn RPG boss. First hit, then slide, and repeat." Leon muttered, his eyes locked on the goblin Lord. He noticed something-sweat had started forming on the monster's face.

This time, when the club pulled back, Leon stepped to the right and closed in on him.

"My turn..." He lunged forward and drove his sword towards the Goblin Lord's neck.

*Tang*

The blade bounced right off-his skin was like a very hard stone.

"What the-" Leon didn't get to finish. The club was already coming from the side this time, not below.

*CRACK*

It smashed into his left arm and sent him flying into the right wall.

*THUD*

"Shit..." Leon groaned, gripping the wall with his right hand as he pushed himself up.

'My head...' He reached back, touched the rear of his skull-his fingers came back bloody.

"Status..." Leon spoke.

…………

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Alchemist

Race: Human

Level: 7

Mana: 450/450 (+100)

HP: 478/700

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F)], [Inspect (C)], [Adaptive Body (S)], [Minor Healing (F2)], [Trap (F)], [Inventory (F3)], [Blind Spot (F)],

[Touch of Lust (F4)], [Loose Grip (F)], [Adrenaline Rush (F)], [Lustful Thoughts (F)], [Alchemy (F {S-Cap))]

[Glitch Point (F)], [Instant Craft (F1)], [Reverberate (F1)], [Mana Thread (F)], [Life Steal (F)]. [Leeching Aura (F)]

Titles: None

'Almost 50% of my HP in a single hit... I'll die in the next one-' Leon's thoughts were cut off when two skills on his status screen lit up red under < Glitch Point>

"What the….? Is it telling me to use them?' he thought, blinking at the unexpected highlight. The Goblin Lord had started walking toward him, slow and heavy, with a smile tugging at his face.

"Fuck this-Heal," Leon muttered, pressing a hand to his chest.

Glow

A faint light shimmered over his body. The pain dulled just enough to breathe. He bent down and grabbed his sword.

Grab

Without hesitation, he activated the first red-marked skill.

< Adrenaline Rush>

Everything changed, Immediately. Leon felt no pain in his body.

His eyes turned pitch black as raw strength surged through him like lightning in his veins.

The Goblin Lord froze mid-step. He felt it too-something was off. Something dangerous was coming from Leon.

Leon smirked. His eyes locked onto the Goblin Lord, and a wide grin split his face.

Because now... One red dot glowed bright on the monster's body.

He took a single step forward, then another, closing the distance.

The Goblin Lord snapped out of his hesitation and yanked his club back for a heavy swing.

But Leon whispered the second skill:

"Last Rise."

His mind blacked out.

Blink-Blink

Leon woke up in a field.

An endless grassy horizon, wind whispering through the grass. Above, a pale half-moon shimmered on the edge of the world.

And before him stood... an old man holding a sword.

"Hm? You don't look like you belong to one of my descendants," the old man said, his voice calm but curious. "Who are you, and how did you acquire this skill?"

Leon blinked in confusion, standing up. "Where….. am I?"

"You're inside the blade you're holding," the old man said. "Don't worry-time flows very slow in here. Now, answer my question."

"I got it from a guy named Nemo. I tried to save him, but-"

"Did he die by the sword?" the old man interrupted, a sigh escaping him.

"...Yeah. I killed him. But I didn't want to-"

"I see." The old man shook his head slowly. "So you're the new heir. I'll show it to you... not sure if you'll be able to catch it."

He stepped back and drew his sword. With a soft breath, he moved it in a slow circular arc-left to right. As it moved, phantom swords followed behind like an echo of motion, hypnotic and elegant.

'Beautiful... Leon thought as he stared at the phantom swords.

"Last Rise," the old man whispered-

And then, in a blink, he vanished and reappeared in front of Leon.

SLASH

Leon was cut down.

"What the-"

Leon snapped back to reality.

The Goblin Lord's club was coming down. Fast.

"Last Rise..." Leon whispered, steadying his sword near his left leg.

He began to move it-slow, circular, just like the old man had.

The blade shimmered.

Phantom swords appeared in its wake.

The Goblin Lord froze. His red eyes locked onto the trail, entranced like a creature under a spell.

But the trail faltered. The trance broke as soon as it started.

"GRRRRRRAAA!!" the Goblin Lord roared and raised his weapon.

But it was too late.

*Swish*

Leon's blade struck clean-right on the Goblin Lord's neck, where the red mark glowed.

With one blow, the Goblin Lord's head flew through the air, spinning, before thudding to the ground.

Thump

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70: One Pill to rule them all
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

70 One Pill to rule them all

*Thud*

*Tang*

As soon as the Goblin Lord's corpse hit the ground, so did Leon's blade.

It shattered into a thousand pieces, completely destroyed from the impact.

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up.]

*Step*

Leon took a step forward, his eyes scanning the notification before landing on the broken blade. His expression was surprised... but then, he turned towards the corpse lying just a few feet away.

A wicked smirk crawled across his face.

"Fuck you, motherfucker." Leon grinned as he ran up to the Goblin Lord's head and kicked it away like a football.

"Hehehe...I can't believe I killed this thing. With my own fucking hands" Leon spoke with a smile as he placed his foot over the Goblin Lord's Chest, a proud expression on his face.

Phissshhh

Suddenly, a gate creaked open to the left side of the room.

Leon immediately snapped around, his eyes locking onto a doorway with stairs leading upward.

*Click*

Suddenly another sound came from the altar. Curious, Leon walked up to it and noticed that the stone slab on top had shifted.

<Inspect>

[Name: Treasure Chest]

［Rank:F］

[Status: Unlocked]

[Description: A chest containing treasures of a Dungeon.]

Without wasting time, Leon slammed his hand on the slab and pushed it aside.

*Thud*

The slab made a very loud sound as soon as it hitted the ground. 3

Under it was a stone box-crude, but holding something valuable. Three items lay neatly inside:

A small black ring-sized box on the left.

A silver ring with a purple gem in the center.

A small, blue, glowing orb on the right.

Leon grabbed the box first and opened it.

Inside was a crimson-red pill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Pill of Growth]

[Rank: Uncommon] 2

[Type: Consumable]

[Description: A treasure that can be found only in the depths of a Goblin's Den or Ogre Villages. Upon consumption, it increases penis size by a few inches, boosts masculine pheromones, and significantly thickens and multiplies semen output.

It also raises the individual's Breeding Rate, making them very desirable to female partners of any race. It can be sold for a fortune.] 5

"Hm... it can be sold for a fortune," Leon said as a greedy grin spread across his face and he tossed the pill into his mouth as he moved into the next thing.

*Nom-Nom-Nom* 1/

"Ewww... Tastes like feet." Leon spoke with a disgusted expression. 1

Next, he picked up the ring.

< Inspect>

[Name: Durond's Ring]

［Rank:F]

(Type: Artifact]

[Crafter: Unknown]

[Description: Increases the wearer's Defense by 5% when fighting a monster.]|

"Eh… Useless. He tossed the ring into his inventory and grabbed the final item—the glowing orb.

<Inspect>

Name: Dungeon Core]|

Rank: F]

[Description: A dungeon core filed with pure mana that helps maintain a dungeon's structure and generate rooms.

This core can be used to create magical weapons.]|

"Hm... interesting. Maybe, I can make something useful out of this." Leon placed it into his inventory and as soon as he did this, Dungeon's power source disappeared.

Crack

Suddenly, the walls began to fracture. The torches extinguished in an instant.

Thud-Thud-Thud

Stones started falling off the ceiling.

Rumble

"Fuck." Without a second thought, Leon sprinted toward the stairs, each step booming under his feet. Behind him, the dungeon trembled - collapsing brutally.

He burst through the exit.

Sunlight hit his face.

And just like that-the staircase behind him crumbled, swallowed into the earth. Gone, like it never existed in the first place.

"Well... that was one hell of an experience." Leon muttered, panting as he looked around.

Only trees. No roads. No landmarks.

No clue where he was.

He started walking through the forest, branches brushing his shoulders. Then-

Rustle

Thud

"Fuck, get him!"

"I-I'll kill it!"

Leon pushed aside a bush and spotted two adventurers hunting a horned rabbit. One was a swordsman and the other one was an archer.

Both of them were hunting a single one horned rabbit and it already had arrows stuck in it's body but it kept dodging with it's last breath.

"Shoot, fucker!" the swordsman yelled.

"I-I'm doing it!" the archer replied, loosing another arrow.

Thud

Finally, the rabbit dropped.

"Hahaha! We finally killed it!"

"Y-Yay..."

"Umm... Excuse me, guys?" Leon's voice broke the air.

Both men turned-and froze.

"Woah, woah! Keep your distance!" the swordsman shouted, drawing his blade.

"P-Please don't kill us!" the archer whimpered, covering his face.

Leon stood there, blood-soaked from head to toe, looking at them with a creepy smile.

"Look, man... we killed this rabbit, and I'm not giving it away to some mental killer—"

"Calm down. I'm not a mental killer. I just want to ask the way out of the forest." Leon said flatly.

"O-oh... that way. Go straight, and you'll be out in like five minutes," the swordsman stammered, pointing east.

"Thanks." Leon walked past them without another word.

"Is he gone?" the archer asked, still trembling.

"You dumbass!" The swordsman spoke with an angry expression as he smacked him on the head.

*Bonk*

"Ouch! Why?!"

"When I stood face-to-face with that maniac, you sat down like a rat and hid your damn face! I'm never taking you on another hunt again!"

"I-I'm sorry….. but why would anyone roam the forest looking like that?! It was terrifying!"

"Maybe because he was a nutjob, that's why. Let's go turn in this rabbit at the guild... But, I am serious about the hunt thing, I am not bringing you with me ever again."

Meanwhile, Leon walked out of the forest, his body stained in dried blood.

As Leon looked around, He finally spotted the Human Kingdom's gate about 1 kilometres away from him. this is the gate... Then that means, my village will be all the way on that side, but... When did I travel this much tance ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he started walking towards the gate.

As he was walking towards the Kingdom's gate, Leon crossed many adventurers going towards the forest to hunt and all of them gave him really suspicious gazes.

'Bloody Hell... I must be looking really horrible. Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at their expressions.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71: Merida's Shop is Closed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

71 Merida's Shop is Closed

Merida's Shop...

Chop-Chop-Chop

"La lalala lala-" Merida's voice danced through the morning air as she rhythmically chopped meat on the wooden block. Her world was calm-until the sharp knock shattered it.

Knock-Knock-Knock

"Huh….? Who the hell's here this early?" she muttered, wiping her hands and making her way toward the door. "Shop's not even open yet..."

KNOCK-KNOCK

"Gods, calm down! Why are you trying to break the damn doo-" Her words stopped dead as she froze.

Leon stood there, drenched from head to toe in fresh blood. His face expressionless.

"Is that... you, kid?" she asked, startled, trying to make sense of the scene before her.

"Don't ask," Leon replied flatly, walking inside. Without hesitation, he began stripping-jacket, shirt, belt.

"W-Woah, what the hell are you doing?" Merida blurted out, her eyes wide.

"I have to wash off this blood, I will use the back of the shop, Please can you buy me some clothes while I clean up?" Leon spoke as he placed 10 coppers on the counter.

"You actually have money, huh?" she asked, raising a brow.

"Yeah," Leon replied simply. Then, as soon as he pulled his pants down, the air in the shop shifted.

A heavy, musky pheromone flooded the space-thick and masculine. His bulge surged forward, obscene and huge, clearly affected by the growth pill that's he got from the dungeon.

'H-He's... enormous. There's no way... he's still just a kid...' Merida's thoughts spiraled as her thighs pressed together, heat pooling between her legs. She couldn't look away as her lonely pussy started twitching instantly.

"Something wrong?" Leon asked casually, noticing that her eyes are locked onto his dick.

"N-No, nothing. I'll go now," she stammered with her completely red face, grabbing the money and rushing out the door.

"Slut," Leon muttered with a smirk, walking towards the back of the shop.

—20 minutes later—

Click

"I'm back... You in here, kid? I didn't know your size, so I bought-*

She stopped mid-sentence as Leon stepped out, still in nothing but tight, damp underwear. The bulge. It was even more pronounced now, and for some reason her body reacted instantly to it.

'W-What the hell... Not even my husband was that big... and it's not even hard. How can this kid be so big ?

My pussy is completely drooling over- No, No, What the hell are you thinking? He is just a kid and you are an old woman... Why would he have any interest in me?' Merida thought as she tried to control her body but she failed miserably as her eyes tracked back to Leon's dick and her pussy continued to leak love juices.

"Ah... thanks for buying clothes," Leon said, completely unfazed as he began dressing slowly.

"S-So, what happened? Why were you covered in blood?" Merida asked, trying desperately to distract herself from the heavy pressure in her core.

"Killed a monster, it's body exploded," Leon lied as he couldn't bother to make any reasonable story.

"H-How did that happen?" she asked with a confused expression.

"Long story, will tell you another time." He grabbed his pants from the counter and started slipping them on,

But as Leon was wearing his pants, He noticed that Merida's lower lip is under her teeth, her hand is in-between her thighs and her middle finger is going up and down on her pussy slowly, while her eyes are completely locked onto his dick.

'Hehehe... Let's have some fun with her: Leon thought as an evil idea came to his mind.

"Oh sh-* Leon spoke as he acted like his leg got stuck in his pants and he slipped.

Thud

Both of them crashed to the floor.

"Kid, are you alri- Oh" Merida gasped, suddenly aware of how close their bodies were. Leon's face hovered inches from hers. Her boobs squished tightly against his bare chest.

And she felt Leon's dick pressing onto her womb.

"What is this... why does it feel so hot?' Her heart thundered. Her soaked panties clung to her, sticky and desperate pussy.

"Remis..." Leon whispered in a very low voice activating his skill.

A sharp jolt ran through her body. Her skin flushed. Her pussy throbbed with wild, uncontrollable need as some liquids leaked out of it.

*Twitch*

'D-Did I just... came a little? Oh my god, what is happening to my body !?' Merida thought as she noticed that leon is lowering down his face.

*Touch*

Leon's lips brushed against her lips slowly and softly, but it wasn't a kiss as Leon was planning to tease her even more.

"I'm... sorry," Leon murmured, his breath tickling her lips.

"I-It's okay…." she replied, her voice barely a whisper as she was feeling their lips brushing against each other everytime one of them spoke anything and it was too hot for her to handle.

"T'll get up," Leon said, standing and adjusting his clothes.

Merida followed, silently brushing off dust, trying to collect her thoughts. Her nipples poking out clearly from under her blouse.

"-I think I'll keep the shop closed today... You should go home, she said quickly as her face turned completely red.

"Oh... okay." Leon smiled faintly and walked out without asking any questions.

Click

The moment the door locked behind him, Merida turned and grabbed a knife- twisting off the handle. Her steps were quick and deliberate.

She entered inside the store room and opened the button of her pant.

'She'll break soon... Just a little more and she'll be begging for Sex, Like a little slut! Leon thought, a wicked smile spreading across his lips as he walked away.

Swish

A sudden cold wind swept through the kingdom.

"Achoo..." Leon sneezed, glancing at the sky. The sun had vanished behind ominous black clouds.

"Looks like snow's coming. Time to get home... and warm my bed with a MILFy Mommy," he said with a grin, picking up the pace toward the Adventurer's Guild.

Within minutes, he arrived at the Guild. The guild hall was nearly empty-only a few adventurers were standing near the quest board.

"Welcome back, Sir," a soft voice called from behind.

Leon turned as a familiar face came in his sight.

"Wait... aren't you-"

"T'm Lisa. Last time you came to sell horned rabbit parts, remember?" she said, smiling.

"Right. Lisa, he nodded.

"How can I help you today?" she asked politely.

"I've got something to sell; Leon said, reaching into his pocket.

Suddenly he pulled out the Dungeon Core and Lisa's eyes widened in shock.

"That's-"

"Oh-wait, not this one." He quickly tucked it away and pulled out the Durond's Ring.

"This is the thing.." Leon spoke with a smile.

Her jaw dropped further.

"T-That's an Artifact..." Lisa spoke.

"Yeah, I know." Leon replied with a smile.

"Are you sure, you want to sell it?" Lisa asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah..." Leon replied without thinking twice.

"Please come with me," she said as she led him straight into the trade room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72: I am Home Mommy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 72: I am Home Mommy

Adventurer's Guild, Inside the Trade Room...

Leon sat with legs crossed, casually leaning back in the wooden chair. Lisa stood before him, both hands delicately holding the Ring of Durond, her fingers trembling ever so slightly.

"So," Leon said, tilting his head with a calm expression, "How much for it?"

Lisa gulped, her eyes still fixed on the artifact glowing faintly in her palms. "An artifact that boosts resistance... This is something only found in a dungeon, isn't it?"

"Yes," Leon replied, deadpan.

Lisa's eyes flicked up to meet his, her voice suddenly soft and desperate. "Sir Leon... Please become my regular customer."

Leon smirked. "Oh? What's your price for one night?"

Lisa blinked rapidly. "W-Woah! Okay-That came out wrong!" She immediately let go of his hand, her cheeks burning with flustered panic.

"Did it?" Leon asked, his grin widening as he leaned forward slightly, his eyes locked onto hers.

"N-No, I just meant-Please, sell me anything you get from dungeons! Like that Dungeon Core earlier! I can get you a really good deal-"

"Not selling that," Leon cut her off coldly. "Continue."

"Y-Yes, please don't be upset! I just—I don't want to offend y-"

"It's going to snow in about an hour or so," Leon interrupted again, bored. "Make this quick. I want to go home.

Lisa stiffened. "Ah, r-right. Forget the core. Sell me anything else-monster parts, artifacts, potions. I'll buy it all!"

Leon raised an eyebrow. "And what's in it for me?"

"I... I can tell you about quests in advance. Before they go on the board-"

"Not interested," Leon said, his tone flat. "Try again."

Lisa hesitated, her throat tightening. "S-Something else? B-But I'm just a receptionist. The best I can do is... cut 2% from my own commission."

"Are you married?" Leon asked suddenly.

"Y-Yes... But what does tha-"

Before she could finish, Leon stood from

his chair and closed the distance in one swift step, his body pressing hers against the wall. Her breath hitched.

"S-Sir... I have a husband and two kids-'

Leon didn't wait. His lips crashed into hers, his tongue slipping between them before she could resist. A moan escaped her throat as the taste of berries spread through his mouth.

Chuuuu

'A-Ahhn~ What is this feeling?!' Lisa's mind reeled. 'He's kissing me and I can't even push him away... His scent... it's making me burn from the inside out...

M-My pussy is getting wet for him... no, no, I have to do something: Lisa thought as she didn't do anything about it and continued to enjoy the kiss.

His tongue dominated hers, exploring every inch, stealing every breath. Her body betrayed her-thighs clenching, heat blooming between her legs, her soaked panties sticking to her pussy like a second skin layer.

After a full minute of intense, breathless kissing, Leon pulled back. A thin strand of saliva still connected their lips.

"If you want customers to return, keep them satisfied," Leon said, wiping his mouth casually. "Deduct ten coppers as my satisfaction fee from this ring's cost."

Lisa stood frozen, her cheeks completely flushed and chest heaving. "Y-Yes... I-I'll bring the rest of the amount right away!"

She grabbed the ring and nearly ran from the room, her legs shaking.

Leon sat back down, relaxed, a faint smile on his lips as he waited.

-10 minutes later-

Click

Lisa returned, holding a small pouch. "Here's your amount, Sir Leon."

He took the pouch and poured the contents onto the table-two silver coins.

Leon blinked. "So, these are silver coins."

Lisa smiled. "The ring sold for 250 copper, but after taxes and my commission, it came down to 200. Instead of giving you a pile of coppers... I figured two silvers would be more convenient."

Leon nodded, then handed one coin back. "Ill keep one. Convert this to copper, please."

"As you wish, Sir" she replied quickly, disappearing once more.

Moments later, she returned with a sack full of copper coins.

Leon stood up, slinging the bag over his shoulder. "I'll take my leave."

Lisa bowed low. "Please... come back with more loot."

After exiting the Adventurer's Guild, Leon immediately started walking towards the wagon station as the winds were getting faster with every passing minute, Leon knew that a snow-storm was about to come.

"I have to get home before snow starts falling or I have to walk there." Leon spoke as he reached the wagon station and noticed that only one wagon was there and it was about to leave the station.

"Oi... Wait for me" Leon shouted as he started running and fortunately he made it to the wagon.

Leon immediately sat inside the wagon and started going back to his house.

In about 30 minutes, The wagon finally reached in front of Leon's village.

*Hup*

Leon stepped out of the wagon and walked into the village. Today he noticed that the guards weren't on the gate.

But Leon didn't pay much attention to it as he walked upto his house and knocked.

*Knock-Knock*

"Coming." Selene's voice came through the door as she opened it.

*Click*

"Hello, Little brother... How was your day ? Aren't you a little early today?" Selene asked as she looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Let me come in first..." Leon spoke as he entered inside the house and closed the gates.

"Fuck... It's so cold outside." Leon spoke as he noticed that Elaine wasn't there.

"Where is mom?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"She is making Bread and Boiled Beans again... In the kitchen. I really hope to eat some meat every night, now that you have made me taste it." Selene spoke with a sad expression.

"Nice... I will go and meet mom. Leon spoke with a smile as started walking towards the kitchen.

"Good... I will feed Jane." Selene spoke as she went to the bedroom.

Leon walked upto the kitchen and the first thing he noticed after entering the kitchen was Elaine working in a long skirt.

"Hehehe.….." Suddenly, An evil idea came to Leon's mind as he slowly crawled under her skirt and noticed that she was wearing a red panty today.

Without any wait... Leon grabbed her panty from both sides and pulled it down.

"I am home, Mommy."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73: Birth Control Seal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

73 Birth Control Seal

"I'm home, Mom..." Leon's voice was perverted, playful-laced with lust-as he stepped into the kitchen and slid her panties down in one swift motion.

Slide

"A-Anhh~ Leo, that's not proper behavior... Elaine gasped softly, her voice trembling with shy delight as the cold air kissed her exposed ass. Her cheeks flushed red, especially when she felt his warm breath against the bare flesh of her

ass.

Leon grinned devilishly, his eyes locked onto the soft, jiggling perfection in front of him. "Did this fat, delicious and jusicy ass of yours miss me, Mom?" Leon murmured, and without waiting for a reply, He gave it a tight slap.

*Slap*

Elaine jolted with a moan, her thighs pressing together instinctively as the sound echoed in the kitchen. "A-Anhh~ H-Hey. I'm cooking, remember? Don't do that while I'm near the fire, it's dangerous." she said with a breathless chuckle, still focused on stirring the pot of beans.

But Leon wasn't listening, He immediately buried his face into her ass, and inhaled like a starving man. His nose and lips rubbed into her soft pussy flesh as he groaned, intoxicated by her scent, his hands gripping her ass cheeks tightly.

"Mmm... this is exactly where I belong," Leon muttered as he buried his face even deeper.

Elaine shivered under his touch, trying her best to keep stirring, but her body betrayed her - every fiber aching with heat. "A-Anhh~ You naughty boy... that's not where your face is supposed to be, you know... That's not a good place." she said, her voice half a moan, half a whisper, and completely melting.

"Well, Mom…. you should've thought that before teasing me with this thick, jiggling ass of yours." Leon's voice was a low growl as his hands roughly gripped her soft flesh, spreading her cheeks apart. With a slow, deliberate motion, his tongue extended to her pussy and licked back with a very strong force-

*LICKKKKKKKKK*

"Ahhnnn~" Elaine let out a breathless moan, her body jolting as if a spark of electricity had surged up her spine.

Tang!

The ladle slipped from her trembling fingers, clattering to the floor.

"Everything alright, Mom?" Selene's voice rang out from the living room.

"Y-Yes, sweetie! J-Just dropped something!" Elaine called back, biting her lower lip hard, her body already betraying her as she instinctively bent over the kitchen counter.

Lick-lick-lick-lick.

Leon showed no mercy after this. His tongue worked hungrily between her slick folds, while his hands kneaded her ass like he was trying sculpting something.

"Ahnn~ Leo….. not so fast… ahhh-"

Elaine's knees buckled slightly losing their strength as her thighs trembled. Her plump ass began to sink into his face, needing his face's support.

But Leon wasn't done.

'Not stopping until she cums like a wild bitch..., he thought as he buried his face even deeper, devouring her pussy like a beast.

With every deep lick, Elaine's back arched beautifully, her head thrown back in ecstasy, lips parted as shameless moans escaped her mouth.

"Anhh~ Yes... Anhh ~ Anhh~"

Leon's fingers slowly slid up, finding her clit and-

*PINCH*

"AHHNNNN~!" That final pinch shattered her.

Her legs quivered uncontrollably as a flood of ecstasy poured out of her, soaking the floor beneath. Her tongue hung out, eyes rolled back, and her expressions twisted into a natural ahegao expression- eyes glazed, mouth open like some cheap slut.

She came all over the floor while cumming wildly.

*Squirt*

After making her cum hard, Leon stepped back, her soaked panties dangling from his fingers and a wicked smirk playing on his lips.

"Well... You've messed up the floor again, Mom," he said, pointing casually at the puddle beneath her trembling legs.

Her breathing was erratic, Her chest heaving as she leaned on the counter for support. "Y-You... You're the one who made me cum like that.…." she whispered, her eyes half-lidded and body still shaking from the aftermath.

Leon crouched slightly, his fingers brushing against her slick thighs as he leaned in and whispered, "Well then... I have something to keep you in control."

Without waiting for her answer, he opened his inventory and pulled out a small parchment with a heart-shaped symbol etched into it-glowing faintly with enchantment.

Elaine blinked slowly, still coming back to her senses. "What is that...?"

"A birth control seal. Picked it up near the Guild. The shopkeeper said it ensures no babies, no matter how much I cum inside you." Leon said as he dipped the parchment into the cum on the floor-then pressed it against her lower belly, right above her womb.

As soon as he channeled a wave of mana into the seal, Elaine's body arched violently.

"Aahhh-!" she cried out, her back bending as her hips bucked involuntarily.

Her legs quivered, her hands gripped the edge of the counter like her life depended on it, and with a deep moan escaping her lips, a fresh burst of clear water like cum sprayed from her already overstimulated pussy-so powerful it splattered onto the kitchen door and across the floor.

Leon stepped back, stunned for a second. "Fucking hell... Now I understand why this was worth 15 coppers."

Elaine's eyes had rolled back, her tongue hung out slightly, and her face twisted into a lust-drunk expression- lips pouty, cheeks flushed, and her mouth stuck open in a perfect little ahegao expression.

Her hips were still twitching, her thighs glistening, and the magical seal now pulsed on her skin-fully embedded like it had always belonged there.

"What the hell is happening in the kitchen? Why are you guys shouting so loudly ?" Selene spoke as she exited the room and started walking towards the kitchen.

"Why are you guys-"

As soon as she looked inside the kitchen, She noticed that Elaine is making food over the firewoods and Leon is doing something with his leg's toe.

"Mom….. Why were you shouting?" She asked with a confused expression.

*Shake-Shake*

Elaine immediately Shaked her head.

"I heard you and why aren't you speaking ?" Selene asked.

'Because I stuffed her panty into her mouth... Hehehe' Leon thought as he started laughing evilly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74: Next Target, Found !!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

74 Next Target, Found !!

Leon, Selene, and Elaine sat at the dinner table, eating quietly... or so it appeared.

Elaine, however, was only using one of her hand to eat. Her other hand was hidden beneath the table-wrapped tightly around Leon's thick cock, slowly stroking it up and down. The sheer size of it caused the tip to press lightly against the underside of the wooden table.

Leon sat there calmly, a relaxed smile on his lips as he chewed on his bread and beans.

"So... winters are here, How much money do we have left? We need at least two thick blankets. The old ones are practically rags and smell awful.

I am not spending one more winter in them, I would rather use leafs to cover my body." She spoke as she looked at Leon as he was the only earning member in the family. 1

"Selene... don't pressure him so much, Elaine interjected, her tone defensive despite her hand continuing its lewd hand-job. "He's doing everything he can for this family-

Thud

Before she could finish, Leon placed a heavy pouch on the table.

"What's this?" Selene asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Open it," Leon said, taking a bite of his food, completely unfazed.

Selene opened the pouch, peeked inside-then immediately shut it again. Her face had gone completely blank.

"What is it?" Elaine asked with a confused expression.

Selene turned to Leon slowly. "Looks like your son here killed someone and looted all his money."

"What!?" both Leon and Elaine exclaimed at once as they looked at Selene.

"There are so many coppers in this pouch, Mom. Look" Selene dumped the contents onto the table.

Ting-ting-ting-ting-ting..…

Dozens of coins spilled out and clinked against each other.

"Leo ?" Elaine said, her eyes wide, her grip around his cock tightening suddenly.

Squeeze

"C-Calm down, both of you," Leon said quickly, trying not to flinch. He opened his inventory and pulled out a Creame Puff.

"What's that?" Selene asked, her eyes narrowing in suspicion.

"A Cream Puff," Leon said with a grin.

"A what?" Elaine blinked, glancing at the Creame Puff with a confused expression.

"Wait... Cream Puff? As in 'The Cream Puff'?" Selene asked, leaning forward in disbelief.

"Yes-wait, how do you know about it?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Selene.

"Are you serious? Everyone in the village knows about it! A little girl in black clothes sold it once near the adventurer's inn, inside the kingdom. My friend tasted it-she said it was divine and something that was completely out of this world

She said it melts your mouth and the rich sweetness makes your mood all happy!" Selene explained.

"Well... the one who made it, was me. And the girl selling it that day? My assistant." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Selene.

Selene narrowed her eyes. "Nice joke. If that's true, tell me the recipe."

"It's a secret," Leon replied smoothly as he smiled at her.

Elaine stared at him with a very serious expression. "Did you really make it?"

"I did." Leon replied.

"I believe you," she said with a soft smile, resuming her soft strokes on his dick under the table.

"See... Mom, Believes in me." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Selene.

"I still need proof," Selene muttered, eyeing the puff suspiciously.

"Eat it. You'll know." Leon spoke with a confident expression.

Selene broke a piece and popped it into her mouth.

*Nom-nom-nom*

Her eyes closed the moment the cream melted on her tongue. "This... is heavenly, It's like I am floating towards the clouds." she mumbled, quickly devouring the rest of the creame puff.

"So... now do you believe me?" Leon asked, letting out a small groan as Elaine's pace increased again.

"Yeah….. I do. But I still want proof you're the one who made the filling." Selene spoke as she looked at Leon with a suspicious expression.

Without a word, Leon opened his inventory again, and a heavy iron bowl half-filled with silky purple cream dropped onto the floor.

Thud

"You can use magic!?" Selene gasped as she scooped some up and tasted it immediately.

Nom-nom-nom

"Oh my god... you really are the Creame Puff guy! Make me a thousand of them, Please!" Selene spoke with a smile as she continued to eat the cream.

"Make me one too, but with your cream" Elaine whispered, picking up her pace under the table as she used her other hand to play with Leon's balls while she continued to stroke it.

"O-Oh shit.…. I'm cumming. he spoke in a low voice as he immediately closed his eyes and Clenched his teeth.

Noticing the signs, Elaine discreetly grabbed her bowl of baked beans and slid it beneath the table. She moved her hand rapidly-faster and faster:

"Now you will know how I feel, Cum for mommy..." Elaine spoke as she bit her lower lip while showing one of her shaking cleavage to Leon.

"Fuck."

With a muffled grunt, Leon came hard.

Thick ropes of creamy, pearly-white semen spurted out, shooting straight into the bowl. What had once been half-full of beans was now completely overflowing with his thick, sticky cum.

His cum was so thick that it made it's own gravy over the baked beans.

Elaine pulled the bowl out, her eyes wide in awe. "Wow..." she whispered as she was shocked by the amount and consistency of his semen.

Leon gave her a perverted shrug and smiled.

Burrrrp

Selene burped in satisfaction, placing her empty bowl on the floor. She turned just in time to see a string of white liquid running down the corner of Elaine's lips, her mouth stuffed with bread.

"Mom... there's something white and sticky on your mouth," she said casually.

T-I see...* Elaine responded quickly, licking it off her lip with her pinky and sucking it clean.

"Well... with this money, we can buy blankets, pillows-everything we need. I think this winter might actually be pretty nice," Selene said with a bright smile.

*Oh it will be... Because you are now my target, Sister! Leon thought as he stared at Selene's huge ass cheeks with a perverted smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75: Which one should I use ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

75 Which one should I use ?

In the silence of the night, snow was falling from the sky, cold winds howling through the cracks of the house.

Everyone was asleep... except one.

Blink-Blink

Leon opened his eyes, realizing his face was buried between Elaine's soft, bare boobs. She was sleeping like a cow-peacefully, carelessly, and completely nude. Her thick legs were wrapped around his body, and her arm curled protectively around his back.

Elaine had planned to fuck him earlier, but exhaustion took over and she passed out.

'Tch... she must be really tired from all those orgasms in the kitchen. Her pussy's still soaked... I can still use her however I like, but what's the fun in using a sleepy pussy?' Leon thought, slipping out from her grip and slowly pushing the blanket off.

Swish

The moment he stepped out, a sharp, cold gust of wind hit him.

"What the fuck…" Leon muttered, walking up to the window and spotting a thin crack letting the cold in.

"This house is shit... I will need a new one soon. he thought, turning around — only to notice Selene lying quietly beside her daughter under a separate blanket, her huge boobs making a tent inside the blanket.

"Well, If her Mother's asleep in her bed, shall her daughter gets fucked instead." Leon spoke in a low tone as an evil grin covered his face.

He walked over without a sound and slipped into her blanket.

The moment he got under, he felt it-Selene was wearing a thin nightgown... Completely see-through and she wasn't wearing any bra or any panties.

'Well, Sister... Time to get a taste of your brother's cock' He thought with a perverted smile.

Leon reached out and grabbed her tit through the fabric, already half-hard just from her warmth. He whispered softly-

"Remis..."

And instantly, her body reacted. A wave of arousal jolted through her-her nipples hardened like rocks, and her entire body radiated heat like she was burning from inside.

'Shit... she's so hot. It's like her body's meant to keep me and my cock warm through the winter. She is a natural heater for my body! Leon thought with an evil smile, slowly squeezing her boob.

Squeeze

But the moment he did, Selene's eyes opened slightly and she felt a hand over her boobs, but she didn't freak out as she already knew Leon's smell.

"Leon!? What the he-"

Before she could speak another word, Leon leaned in and sealed her lips with a deep, dominating kiss-shutting her up before she could think.

*Chuuuuนนนนน*

"What the fuck is he doing in the middle of the nig-Oh my god, he's sucking my lips so good. It's like he wants to milk them like my tits..

Where the fuck did he learn to kiss like this?' Selene thought, her eyes wide, heart racing - and her pussy throbbing even harder.

*Suck-Suck-Suck*|

After a long, wet minute of sucking her lips, Leon finally pulled back, his lips glistening and a filthy smirk spread across his face.

"What are you doing ?" Selene whispered, her voice barely there, her pussy already leaking under the blanket just from the kiss and her face completely red.

"My dick is really hard, you know." Leon said with a perverted grin, his hand casually sliding up her chest and groping her tits.

"I-I didn't ask that... Why are you even telling me that? And stop groping my boobs, I am your sister." Selene's cheeks flushed deep red, but she didn't push him away just kept her hand over his hand.

"My god, So dear Sister. Don't you feel sexually frustrated without a real cock?" Leon asked, slowly sliding his hand down her belly toward her pussy.

"Misk..."

< Lustful Thoughts >

'You're frustrated as fuck... aren't you? Your pussy's leaking like a broken faucet and your body's burning up from just one kiss-'

[Choose a Target to Send Thought]

(Elaine]

[Selene]

'Fuck it, I wasn't done. Just, send it to Selene's mind.

As soon as the thought hit her brain, her eyes widened - and her body twitched.

'Shit... I really am frustrated. My pussy's dripping so much and I'm not even wearing panties...

Why does his touch feel so fucking good? He's my brother-fuck, this isn't supposed to happen!' Selene panicked inside, but her thighs rubbed together on instinct as her pussy clenched.

Leon's lips brushed her ear.

"Become a fuck-hole for my dick, Sister... I will use your body so much that you will never feel sexually frustrated ever again." he whispered, rubbing her lips with his thumb.

"Leon... What the hell are you saying? I'm your Sister," Selene spoke with a red face as she slowly placed her hand over her leaking pussy.

"Yeah? Tell me that after this..." Leon spoke with a smile, his fingers sliding down straight onto her soaked pussy, removing her hand forcefully.

"A-Ahhn~ H-Hey….! Don't-don't touch me there, that's my-ahhh~" her voice cracked mid-sentence as Leon pressed down on her clit and started vibrating it like a madman.

"AHHHHN~" Selene moaned, loud and shameless, her back arching as she squirted like a slut under the blanket, her eyes rolling back in pleasure.

"So... how do you feel now? Want to change your decision?" Leon asked with a wicked smile as he flicked her nipples playfully between his fingers.

"Anh~ Anh~ Y-You-Th-this is not... Anhh~ right," Selene moaned, her breath shaking as Leon pinched her nipples harder, twisting them mercilessly.

"You know... that day when you were washing my back-just the day before yesterday-I saw something that made me realize what's right."

Leon's tone turned flat, cold. "You were pressing your tits against my back like a little slut and rubbing your nipples all over my back, weren't you? If you lie to me now... I'll do to you exactly what I just did — only harder."

"I-I was just trying to make you feel good... b-because you brought us meat!" Selene tried to defend herself, her face flushed deep red.

"Were you trying to make me feel good? Or were you trying to make yourself feel good?" Leon whispered into her ear, his hot breath making her thighs twitch.

"L-Look... how about I help you with my hands?" Selene whispered back, her trembling hand slowly reaching down and wrapping around Leon's hard cock.

"How about….. you help me with those boobs?" Leon grinned darkly, tugging her nipple upward, making her gasp.

"But-"

"Or... I could just use that lower hole instead..." Leon muttered with a calm menace, his fingers grazing dangerously close to her pussy.

shame.

"F-Fine! I-I'll help you with my boobs... Just- just lay down..." Selene muttered, defeated, her eyes averted, burning with shame.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76: Gun to Head
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

76 Gun to Head

Leon is now laying down on the mattress while Selene is giving him a boob-job.

Schlp-Schlp-Schlp

Her huge, soft, milk-filled tits are wrapped around his dick, sliding up and down for the last 25 minutes like an obedient onahole.

"Are you cumming or not? I have been doing this for the last half an hour." Selene asked in a low voice, her lips slightly trembling.

"Nope... Keep going, and faster. I wanna cum and go to sleep, Sister" Leon replied in a calm but commanding tone.

"Ugh... My hands are tired, and I'm doing everything I can! How are you even holding it in ?" Selene grumbled, her arms burning.

"You're not giving enough. Maybe I need some more," Leon replied with a smile.

Selene sighed. "Fine... Here."

She leaned down and suddenly took his dick into her mouth.

GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK

Her tits still moving, her tongue swirling around his cock.

"When the hell did he get this big? And why is my pussy leaking like crazy? It's like 1 am some slut! Selene thought, her cheeks burning as she slurped shamelessly on her brother's dick.

"I'm telling you, Selene... I can't cum from just that. You want me to finish, you have to give me your pussy." Leon smirked, his eyes locked onto her.

Selene didn't say a word - she just kept sucking.

GWAK-GWAK-GWAK

"What's wrong with me...? I can't stop sucking this cock. My mouth's moving on its own, and my hips are going up and down like crazy... fuck, my pussy's probably drenching the mattress... I feel like I'll go insane if he doesn't fuck me right now! Selene thought and she was right, her pussy was leaking love juices non-stop, wetting the blanket and the mattress completely.

Her body was losing control. She kept lifting her hips, like her pussy was begging for attention and a big dick.

Leon noticed her hips and a smirk spread across his face.

Leon didn't stop her. He just let her keep going, waiting, letting the tension build until the metal is warm enough to hammer.

20 minutes later...

Selene's face was flushed, her mouth sore, but her tongue kept moving on his cock.

Lick-Lick

"So... How's it going, Sister?" Leon asked with a twisted and teasing smile.

"Y-You're a monster... Just cum already..." she muttered, still licking.

"If you want me to cum, then offer your pussy. Let me fuck you, and I'll cum so deep inside you that you'll forget what sleep feels like." Leon said as he immediately sat up and grabbed her face tightly, making her pout with his fingers.

As soon as Selene heard those words, a shiver crawled up her spine, her breath hitching as heat pulsed through her lower body.

Her back twitched in a rythmic pattern with her pussy.

"I-I can't let you... you're my Brothe—" Her protest broke apart when Leon's fingers found her clit again and rubbed it with ruthless speed and mercilessly.

"Ahhhhn~! A-Anhh~ C-Cumming~!" she cried out, digging her nails into his shoulders as her thighs trembled and her soaked pussy exploded again, drenching the blanket beneath them completely.

*Squirrert*

She squirted all over the mattress and made a complete mess once again.

Leon just smiled as he felt her legs trembling brutally.

"So...? Any change in your decision ?" He asked with a smile.

"Hah... Hah... Hah..."Selene couldn't lift her head, she was panting heavily, her body twitching in aftershocks.

"U-Use my pussy..." she whispered.

"Hmm...? I don't think I heard you clearly, can you repeat it dear sister?" Leon teased, his eyes gleaming as his fingers continued their slow torture.

"Use my pussy... Just get it over with fast," she finally begged, hovering her pussy over his cock, her slit dripping juices non-stop.

"As you wish." Leon grabbed her ankles and yanked them back with a grin, causing her to fall forward — and her soaked pussy landed directly over Leon's cock.

SLAP!

The sound echoed in the room as her pussy swallowed his cock whole in a single thrust.

"Mmmghhh~!" Selene moaned, covering her mouth in pleasure, her body clenching tight around him.

Leon leaned close to her ear. "I will start moving now, get your pussy ready to have-"

"N-No... pull out. Just... keep your cock in me," she whispered, wrapping her legs tightly around him, her breath hot against his skin.

Leon chuckled darkly. 'So warm and damn tight pussy. Her body's been craving this for years.

"Oh, I'll move..." He grabbed her ass cheeks firmly and pulled her hips up, making her tremble again.

"Leon-ahh-your cock... It's inside, your cock is inside my womb," she gasped, her body heating even more under his touch.

'Ah that explains that tightness on my tip, It's because my tip has pierced through her womb! Leon thought with an evil smile as an idea came to his mind.

"I bet if I cum inside right now, you'll get knocked up in one shot, he whispered with a smug grin.

"Y-You idiot! That's why I said stop... let it get smaller before you pull out," she whimpered.

Leon didn't reply. He just pulled another birth control tattoo from his pocket and pressed it to her lower belly.

"What's that?" she asked, confused.

"A birth control tattoo," he murmured against her neck.

Selene's heart raced. "No, no, no….. what if my husband sees—?"

"When did he last fuck you?" Leon asked, his voice calm.

"I... I am not telling you."

"Tell me," he growled, "or I'll pull out and slam it back in until your womb is full of my cum and a baby probably."

Selene's face flushed deep red. "You.. you're threatening to get me pregnant?!"

'Hmm... Now that I think about it. It's like putting a gun to someone's head except, I am putting my dick to her womb:'

Leon thought with a smile.

"Exactly," Leon whispered with a smirk.

"Three years ago, Happy now ?" Selene replied with an embarrassed expression.

Leon's hand gripped her ass tighter. "No wonder you're tight as fuck Now, Will you accept the tattoo or get pregnant ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77: Time for experiments
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

77 Time for experiments

"So, what's it gonna be?" Leon asked with a smirk, his voice low and smug.

"Leon... This is wron-" Selene started, but her protest was cut short as Leon pushed his hips up, pushing his cock deeper into her womb.

"F-Fine... The seal... You can place the seal, she gasped, her voice trembling as his cock dragged along her inner walls, making her shudder.

"See? That wasn't so hard. Now get ready... you're going to feel something." Leon pressed the tattoo over her lower belly, right where her womb throbbed around him, and began channeling mana into it.

The moment it activated, a wave of unbearable pleasure surged through Selene's core.

"Ahhn—!" she tried to cry out, but Leon captured her lips with his, swallowing her moans as her body convulsed beneath him.

"MNGFFHHH-!" Selene screamed into his mouth, her hips suddenly bouncing on their own. Her mind melted into bliss as she rode him wildly, no longer caring how deep he was in her womb she only craved for more of Leon's dick.

Her pussy gushed uncontrollably, soaking the mattress beneath them completely.

Squirrrrt-squirrrrt

Slap-slap-slap-slap-slap-

'Fuck, Leon thought. 'She's clenching so hard it's like she's trying to rip my cock off. And her ass... pounding against my thighs like she's lost her mind'

He glanced at the soaked and cum covered mattress. 'Yeah, I don't think, anyone's sleeping on this thing again.

"Fuck... cumming," he spoke into her mouth as his hips jerked forward and in just a matter of seconds, Leon emptied his balls and filled her womb to the brim with his thick semen.

Selene's facial expressions turned into a pure ahegao-eyes crossed, tongue rolled out, her mind completely lost to the pleasure.

And still, Leon didn't bothered to stop.

After the tattoo was applied, Leon didn't let go of her body all night, no matter how many times he came... His dick didn't feel swollen or tired.

He continued to slam Selene's pussy all night long and pumped his semen into her womb non-stop.

……

Next Morning

Blink. Blink.

Leon woke up with a low groan, stretching his arms behind his head as the cold morning air kissed his bare skin. It was 4 a.m.—still dark, still dead silent.

'I only slept for like three hours and I don't feel any fatigue at all, instead my body feels refreshed. My dick doesn't hurt and it's not even swollen... That pill really did it's job. Leon thought with a wide smile.

He turned his head to the left, and noticed-Selene. Naked, face buried in the pillow, lying in a puddle of her own cum.

Her thighs were slick, glistening with the thick creamy semen still oozing from her abused pussy. The mattress was wrecked-soaked, stained, ruined.

"Damn... Hos much did I cum in her pussy that it's still oozing out?" Leon whispered in a low tone.

'Damn... I fucked her good last night.' Leon thought as a proud smile covered his face.

He stood up and pulled the blanket over her body-mostly to stop himself from diving right back into her pussy. The way her ass was raised just slightly, still witching with every breath, made his cock twitch with temptation.

He slipped out of the room and walked barefoot into the backyard. The moment he opened the door, the cold slapped him in the face. Snow covered the ground- about four inches deep, untouched and pure white.

"It really snows good here, huh?" he muttered to himself, stepping into the frost like it didn't bother him.

"Damn this snow is freezing..."

He reached the old well, grabbed the rope, and hauled up a bucket filled with half-frozen water.

"Status, he said casually as he cupped his hands into the icy liquid.

Splash.

The water hit his face like a hard slap, and he let out a breathy hiss, watching the screen flicker into view in front of him.

"Fucking hell... If this water falls over my chest, my heart will stop beating immediately."

---

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Alchemist

Race: Human

Level: 8(4

Mana: 500/500 (+100)

HP: 800/800

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F)], [Inspect (C)], [Adaptive Body (S)], [Minor Healing (F2)], [Trap (F)], [Inventory (F3)], [Blind Spot (F)],

[Touch of Lust (F4)], [Loose Grip (F)], [Adrenaline Rush (F)], [Lustful Thoughts (F)], [Alchemy (F (S-Cap))],

[Glitch Point (F)], [Instant Craft (F1)], [Reverberate (F1)], [Mana Thread (F)], [Life Steal (F)], [Leeching Aura (F)] |

{LAST RISE,

Titles: None

"I need to level up my skills too," Leon muttered to himself, his eyes narrowing. "And to do that... I need more mana.

Enough to spam them nonstop-and faster cooldowns as well."

"He cracked his knuckles and smirked. Since the system doesn't take mana-based skills seriously... maybe it's time for some experiments."

Re-entering the house, he picked up a thick wooden stick leaning against the doorframe. It looked heavy, old, but still solid.

"The guy who used to own this body bought this thing thinking he could fight off monsters with it... what a joke! Leon chuckled as he examined the stick.

'Real monsters don't give you a second chance. They'd snap this thing-and him—in two without blinking! Leon thought with a smile.

He stepped outside, snow crunching beneath his boots as he made his way toward the edge of the village. The guards at the gate were asleep against the wall, completely dead to the world.

"Fucking useless... This village will get robbed and these two will keep sleeping." Leon scoffed, not even slowing down as he passed them.

The horizon that was completely green yesterday and full of life, was now buried under thick snow, stretching in every direction.

"Great...this is going to be a pain in the ass, he muttered, his jaw tightening as the cold bit at his face and his boots sank ankle-deep into the snow with every step.

"Fucking hell.." He trudged on, his breath fogging the air, until he reached a familiar spot.

A massive oak tree stood tall and defiant against the cold, its bare branches reaching out like claws.

This was the same spot that Leon woke up at, when he was transmigrated into this world.

"Inventory."

Leon opened the inventory and pulled out the wooden stick from it.

"Let's make some skills..." Leon spoke as he used his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Author: I love you guys for supporting the novel so much and I want to thank the top gifter of last week, thank you Elensar.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78: Broken Skill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

78 Broken Skill

Skill Crafter>[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Mana Return."

It's a glitch skill concept I've been working on in my mind for days now. I was trying to find a proper loophole in my words, something that could actually benefit me and came up with this skill.

If this skill works out... it'll solve a lot of my mana problems. Leon thought, focusing deeply.

[Skill 'Mana Return' has been created.]

[Rank has been set to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of the skill.]

"A passive skill that will activate automatically after every skill use and return 30% of the skill's total mana used to the caster over the next 10 seconds."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

<Glitch Point>

As soon as Leon activated the skill, a single word on the screen turned red-'30%.

"Hmm... How about 20% mana return?" Leon asked.

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again..]

'Tch... looks like the system's not that dumb after all. It learns every time I create a powerful skill using weak wording and blocks me from doing it again! Leon thought, his expression turning serious.

"Fine... 15% mana return."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"10%?"

[Processing]

Leon let out a sigh of relief.

"Phew.."

[Description Accepted.]

[No Chant will be selected for the skill.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated: 10 mana/use.]|

[Cooldown has been calculated: 10 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

'Hmm... Mana cost and cooldown timer are low. That's good.

"Learn it..." Leon replied.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill (Mana Return} Successfully.]

"Okay... time to test it."

"Heal."

<Minor Heal>

<Mana Return>

As soon as the skill 'Minor Heal was cast, 'Mana Return' triggered right after.

[+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP)..

Tiny notifications popped up in front of Leon, showing his mana recovery.

"Hmm... I used Minor Heal, which takes 20 mana. Mana Return also cost 10 mana, so that's 30 mana in total.

But I only got 2 mana back over the next 10 seconds?"

He blinked. "That's one fucking stupid skill—wait."

'His eyes narrowed. What if I cast another skill before the ten seconds are up? Will it reset the timer for Mana Return?'

"I mean... it'll still be pretty useless, but finding a glitch in it would be fun. I will just delete it after doing this." Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

"Heal."

<Minor Heal>

<Mana Return>

[+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP)...

"1... 2…. 3.. 4.. 5.. 6. 7. 8…. Threads."

Before the timer could run out, Leon cast another spell.

<Mana Threads>

<Mana Return>

[+0.4 MP] [+0.4 MP] [+0.4 MP]...

"Haha! I knew it would recast and-wait a fucking second..." Leon spoke as he looked at the numbers popping in front of him.

"Status."

---

Name: Leon Luster

Class: Alchemist

Race: Human

Level: 8

Mana: 425/500 (+100)

HP: 800/800

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F)], [Inspect (C)]. [Adaptive Body (S)], [Minor Healing (F2)], [Trap (F)], [Inventory (F3)], [Blind Spot (F)],

[Touch of Lust (F4)], [Loose Grip (F)], [Adrenaline Rush (F)]. [Lustful Thoughts (F)). [Potion Crafter (F {S-Cap)], [Alchemy (F)]

[Glitch Point (F)], [Instant Craft (F1)], [Reverberate (F1)], [Mana Thread (F)], [Life Steal (F)], [Leeching Aura (F)]. [Mana

Return (F)]

Titles: None

---

Without wasting a second, Leon tapped on the [Mana Thread] skill.

[Name: Mana Threads]

［Rank:F]

[When activated, this skill creates extremely thin threads made of mana that can be manipulated by the user to bind small objects and move them around.

The skill can be recast up to five times. Each thread can lift up to twelve kilograms of weight.]

[Mana Cost: 20]

[Cooldown: 3 minutes.]

"If it's taking twenty mana... then I should only get 2 mana back over 10 seconds.

So why the hell did I get 4?"

Leon squinted as he placed the wooden stick that he bought from home back into his inventory.

He activated the spell again.

"Threads."|

<Mana Threads>

<Mana Return>

[+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP]...

"...Okay, now I got only 2 mana for that one. So what changed?"

"Wait... No way..." Suddenly, his eyes widened as thousands of calculations burst through his brain like an explosion.

"There is no fucking way…."

He grabbed a handful of snow, staring at it intensely.

"Heal."

<Minor Heal>

<Mana Return>

[+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP]...

"1. 2.. 3... 4. 5... 6... 7... 8..."

"Alchemy."

<Alchemy>

<Mana Return>

The snowball instantly turned into water in his hand, but Leon didn't even blink at it.

[+0.4 MP] [+0.4 MP] [+0.4 MP] [+0.4 MP]...

"1.. 2... 3... 4... 5... 6... 7... 8..."

"Threads." Leon casted the third spell and waited.

<Mana Threads>

<Mana Return>

[+0.6 MP] [+0.6 MP] [+0.6 MP] [+0.6 MP]...

..Fucking hell" He whispered, staring at the numbers.

"The timer resets every time I recast another ability...

But the mana return doesn't reset. It stacks with each ability casted..."

Leon looked around and found a small stick on the ground, he immediately dropped to his knees and started scribbling numbers furiously into the snow.

"If I create another passive skill that takes 10 mana at cast and re-casts itself every 5 seconds...

Then I'll get a recovery rate of 0.1 mana per second for 5 seconds.

That means I'll recover 0.5 mana on the first cast.

But after the skill re-casts itself, the stack adds again.

So now I'm recovering 0.2 mana per second for 5 seconds. That's 1 mana recovered.

Do that again... recovery rate becomes 0.3 mana per second.

Third stack = 1.5 mana recovered.

And this keeps going.

If 1 do this for one full minute, with a cast every 5 seconds-that's 12 times in a minute.

So that's 120 mana spent.

But the total mana recovered across those 12 stacks? 39 mana.

Now if I continue doing the same thing for another minute, I'll spend another 120 mana.

But now I'm recovering 110 mana during that same period-almost breaking even.

And if I continue this loop for one hour straight... that's 7200 mana spent.

Now using this formula..." Leon trailed off, his eyes locked on the numbers he carved into the snow.

5 minutes later...

He slowly stood up, his eyes widened as the sun broke over the horizon.

A ray of golden light hit the snow, illuminating the final number he wrote.

"..122580 mana recovered."

[Author: 1 did my best to explain it.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79: Veronica Reynal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

79 Veronica Reynal

"Okay, okay... That can't be right. I definitely made a big-ass mistake in all the calculations. I

I need to do this all again.... Leon muttered, crouching back down and scribbling into the snow with the same stick.

30 minutes later...

"Damn... I really did a good fucking job with this skill. All the calculations are solid even after calculating ten times— and if they worked like this..." He paused, staring at the equations.

"I'll never have to worry about mana again. It'll be like having infinite mana.

If the system finds out about this, I bet it'll be really fucking pissed, Leon said, a smug smirk curling across his face.

<Skill Crafter>

[Cooldown: 14:35]

"Well... guess I'll just have to see it for myself once the cooldown ends, he added, this time with a calm, neutral look.

Leon let out a deep sigh, cleared a patch of snow near a tree, and sat down.

"Hah..." he exhaled again and closed his eyes, ready to fall asleep.

"Go, Puko! Kill that thing!"

Suddenly, a high-pitched voice shattered the morning quiet like glass.

"What the fuck is that noise? Why is someone always here so early in the goddamn morning?" Leon snapped, jumping to his feet and heading toward the voice.

It came from the other side of the forest.

He moved slowly, sneaking through the bushes.

It was a girl-maybe 18 years old -dressed in what could only be described as royal-tier clothing. Pink and white gown with floral patterns, white gloves, and a wand that showed how filthy rich she was.

A tiny summoned creature-puppy-sized but fat, clearly magical-stood in front of her.

She was ordering it to kill a one-horned rabbit that had been tied to a nail in the ground.

The rabbit looked half-dead, starving and barely moving.

She had white hair, black eyes, and... a body that was flat as a board.

<inspect>

<Mana Return>

[+0.1 MP] [+0.1 MP]...Leon instantly dismissed the mana recovery popups and focused on her status window.

---

[Name: Veronica Reynal]

[Class: Summoner]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 200/200]

[MP: 100/100]

[Description: Veronica Reynal, fifth noble daughter of the Seven-Star Reynal House.]

"Ma'am, here-please have something to eat before killing that stupid thing," said a butler in full black formalwear, offering her a honey candy.

"Yeah, gimme something sweet before I kill that horned monster with my bare hands.

Puko, if you don't kill it, you're not getting any food tonight! Or even tomorrow or day after tomorrow." she growled, glaring at the trembling summon.

'Royal brats getting easy kills to level up... why does this feel familiar?

Oh right. Ultra-privileged rich kids. Fucking classics from earth' Leon thought, smirking and walking back to the oak tree.

He laid down and closed his eyes.

"Haa….. I'll take a quick nap until the cooldown-"

"AHHHHH! He ran away! Catch it, Robert!"

The sharp, shrill scream cut through the air again.

"Fucking hell.." Leon groaned, opening one eye.

The one horned rabbit- that was supposed to be dead-was sprinting straight toward him.

"What the fuck? Why is it running at me?" Leon asked, baffled.

The rabbit collapsed unconscious right next to his leg.

"Fucking hell." Leon spoke with an Irritated expression.

"Where is it ?!" Veronica shouted as she got closer.

"I-I'm still looking, ma'am!" the butler shouted in panic.

"Huh….? Who's that? Why is he sleeping in the snow?" Veronica asked, noticing Leon sleeping peacefully under the tree.

"Oi! Commoner!" the butler shouted, running up to Leon with a serious expression.

Blink

"Hmm?" Leon cracked open his eye.

"Have you seen a weak horned rabbit running through here? It was lady Veronica's property." Robert asked, dead serious.

"Yeah, he ran that way. It was really skinny," Leon said, pointing north before closing his eyes again.

"Ah! That must be him! You are not escaping today, bastard." Robert shouted and bolted off.

"Commoner... What are you doing here at this hour? Don't you have a house?" Veronica asked, walking up to Leon.

'Ugh, I hate talking to flat-chested girls... but I'm not strong enough to start fight with a Seven-Star noble house yet;

Leon thought, cracking one eye open.

"Just sleeping," he replied flatly and shut his eye again.

"You're rude! Why aren't you bowing to me?! Do you have any idea who I am?" she asked, offended and angry.

"But I'm already lying on the ground in front of you, Your Highness. That's better than bowing, right?" Leon said without even flinching.

"But-This-What?" she stammered, completely thrown off and confused on what to say.

"Haa…. You know what? I'll bow to you.

But people say that whoever I bow to, their chest gets smaller," Leon added as he slowly got up and started to bow-

"Wait! Wait, wait! It's alright!" Veronica shrieked, backing away fast.

'Dumb bitch, Your father's money can't buy you Brains. Leon thought, hiding his grin.

"So... do you come here every-" Before she could've asked anything else, robert a interrupted her.

"Ma'am! I couldn't find the rabbit. But it's time for you to head to the academy, The carriage is about to come at any moment," Robert said, appearing out of breath.

"Fine... let's go. I don't wanna be late on my first day, Veronica said, turning to leave.

As soon as they were out of sight, Leon looked up.

High above, hanging from a branch by an invisible mana thread was the unconscious rabbit dangled in the air.

Snap

He snapped his fingers and the mana thread vanished. The rabbit plopped to the snow.

"You're one lucky one-horned rabbit.

If I didn't want to get back at her for ruining my sleep... and if you weren't too skinny to be breakfast, you would've been long dead by now, Leon muttered as the rabbit weakly limped away into the bushes. 1

"Take care, motherfucker. Come back stronger... so I can eat you in dinner," Leon spoke with a smile.

As soon as he turned around, he noticed a screen floating in front of his face.

[Cooldown: 0:01]

[Cooldown: 0:00]

<Skill Crafter>

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80: Mana Battery and Dungeon Core
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

80 Mana Battery and Dungeon Core

< Skill Crafter> 1

> [Please pick a name for the skill...]]

"Efficient Breathing."

> [Skill 'Efficient Breathing' has been created.]

> [Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

> [State the use of skill.]

"A passive skill that keeps working once started, improves the breathing technique of the user, and this skill will recast automatically after every 5 seconds consuming 10 mana, Leon spoke with a smile.

> [Processing...]

'Such a useless skill... System will accept it with open arms, Leon thought with a grin.

> [Description has been accepted.]

> [Please select the chant for the skill (Efficient Breathing}.]|

"Efficient Breathing," Leon repeated with a smile.

> [Chant 'Efficient Breathing' has been selected.]

> [Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated: 10 mana/cast.]|

> [Cooldown has been calculated: 0 seconds after every use.]|

> [Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it..." Leon replied, still smiling.

> [Congratulations! You have learned the skill (Efficient Breathing) successfully.]|

"Now, shall we start..." Leon said as he rubbed his hands together.

"Efficient Breathing."

-==

<Efficient Breathing>

<Mana Return>

[+0.1 MP] [+0.1 MP] [+0.1 MP] [+0.1 MP] [+0.1 MP]

<Efficient Breathing>

<Mana Return>

[+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP] [+0.2 MP]

<Efficient Breathing›

<Mana Return>

[+0.3 MP] [+0.3 MP] [+0.3 MP] [+0.3 MP] [+0.3 MP]

"Hmm... This is working just as calculated. Let's wait for a minute and see if my mana recovery rate increases to 1.2

Mana per second," Leon thought with a smile as he sat down, hai eyes focused on the notifications.

1 minute later...

<Efficient Breathing>

<Mana Return>

[+1.2 MP] [+1.2 MP] [+1.2 MP] [+1.2 MP] [+1.2 MP]

"Hehehehe... Hahahahaha!" Leon laughed loudly, his eyes glued to the screen.

In just 6 minutes, Leon's mana touched its maximum capacity. No matter how many skills he used after that, his mana regenerated in just a few seconds.

"I'm like a fucking mana battery now." He shouted loudly "And I should stop saying that before some crazy mage traps me and makes me his test subject, Leon muttered, quickly exiting the forest and heading toward the kingdom with a wide smile on his face.

---

"Fucking hell, it's freezing.." Leon grumbled, activating his skill.

< Adaptive Body>

[Raising Host's Body Temperature]

[Increasing Blood Flow]

[Adapting to Cold]

Suddenly, warmth rushed through his body, pushing away the cold instantly.

"This skill is really good. I have to start using it more," Leon said with a smirk as he entered the kingdom.

"Hello, Sir! Would you like to buy a hat? It'll save you from the snow!"

"Buy some fresh apples!"

"If you want to become strong, drink some milk!"

"Buy tight ropes, Sir!"

The market was bustling with life. Vendors shouting, people walking around, and students of different magic schools were heading toward their academies.

Cleaners were sweeping snow off the roads with wooden tools. As Leon walked through the market, something made him stop.

A blacksmith's shop stood at the corner. A massive hammer-shaped board hung above it, labeled: 'DEKKN'S SMITHY:

'I still have that Dungeon Core... Didn't I ?' Leon thought with a smile as he walked up to the gate and knocked.

Knock-Knock

Click

The gate creaked open but no one in sight.

"Who open-"

Before he could finish, a deep voice interrupted him.

"What do you want, Human kid ?"

Leon looked down, surprised. A stout man, barely four feet tall, stood behind the gate.

Long red hair, face hidden behind a thick beard, muscular arms, and a giant hammer resting casually in one hand.

'Wait... Isn't he a dwarf?' Leon wondered with a confused expression.

"Hello... Can you make a weapon for me?" Leon asked, eyeing the dwarf.

"Come in and close the door behind you. I don't want rats roaming in my shop." the dwarf grunted, turning around.

"Okay..." Leon replied quietly as he stepped inside and closed the doors behind him.

The shop was dimly lit, cluttered with scattered metals and half-finished weapons. Racks lined the walls, and a massive furnace roared beside an anvil, flooding the room with warmth.

"So... what kind of weapon do you want?" the dwarf asked as he placed the hammer on the table, his expression unreadable.

"Umm... I have this. Can you make a magical sword out of it?" Leon pulled out the F-rank Dungeon Core and gave it to him.

The dwarf took it, barely sparing it a glance.

"Yeah, I can make a letter opener with this, he spoke immediately as he tossed it back to leon.

*Catch*

"What?" Leon blinked, confused as he caught the core.

"This core is useless, kid. My weapon making cost is 10 silvers per weapon, and you can buy a good F-rank sword from some human blacksmith for 3-4 silvers.

Sell this core to the guild for 2 or more silvers and buy yourself a decent weapon. Come to me only when you have a D-rank or higher core.

When I heat this thing, it'll shrink to the size of a ring's gemstone. Maybe you can throw it on the ground and make a dungeon out of it... Hahaha. Now get out," the dwarf laughed, dismissing Leon.

Leon exited the shop, walking aimlessly... Some thoughts swirling in his mind.

'Make a dungeon out of it...? Wait... I never thought of that.

If a dungeon core holds a dungeon together... doesn't that mean I can create a new one?"

I just need to learn how a dungeon core works and If I can really make a dungeon... damn.

I can buy MILF slaves and keep them there... Then I can start a buisness there and make some money! Leon thought as a smile spread across his face.

There's only one place in this kingdom that can give me information on dungeon cores and that is...

The Helix Library.

Leon thought as he immediately turned around and started walking towards the Helix Library that was situated in the middle of the Human kingdom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81: Helix Library
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

81 Helix Library

Helix Library-A massive dome-shaped building located at the very center of the Human Kingdom. From the outside, it looked like an average-sized building. But the moment you stepped inside, it was a completely different world- filled with millions of books and ancient records.

Leon stood right at the entrance, staring up at the gate of the Helix Library.

"Hope I can find what I'm looking for in here," he muttered with a neutral look as he walked in.

The moment he stepped inside, his eyes widened slightly. The place was huge-insanely huge. The ceiling wasn't even visible from the ground floor.

"Whoever built this place really knew how to fuck with spatial magic.." he said under his breath, scanning the massive circular shelves towering all around him and staircases going up and up towards the top.

"Well... it was lost with time, no one can create a building like this now, a soft voice replied from the side.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned to see a black-haired, nerdy-looking girl with glasses standing beside him, looking at the top.

She was hugging a green book close to her chest, wearing a red dress. Medium-sized boobs, thick ass- definitely sexy.

She immediately turned to look at Leon and smiled at him. "Hi, I'm Rita. I help out here."

"Leon," he replied, with a neutral expression.

"You from an academy or just here to read?" Rita asked, still smiling.

"Just here to read about something..." Leon replied casually.

"Need help finding something?" She asked in a very polite tone.

"Yeah. I'm looking into dungeons and stuff."

"Dungeons? That's actually an interesting topic-but all the books about that are on the third floor."

"So... I need to go up there?" Leon spoke as he pointed towards the third floor.

"Nope. You can't access the third floor unless you're affiliated with a magic academy or a two star noble at least."

She explained further, "There are seven floors in this library. Only the first one is open to everyone. The rest are for nobles and academy students.

The seventh floor is only for the chosen ones-royalty, seven-star family heads, and some Royal Archmages."

"But, I want to go to the third floor..." Leon replied with a smile.

"Well, that's a problem," she added with a chuckle. "How about monster anatomy? That's pretty intresting too-"

"How do I prove I'm from Velthorne Academy?" Leon asked, glancing toward the upper floors.

"Uh... You'd need to verify your identity at the counter over there and get an academy pass, but didn't you say-"

"Yeah, be right back," Leon said, already walking off toward the counter.

Behind the counter sat a grumpy-looking old man in his fifties, buried in a book.

"Excuse me," Leon said softly.

"Can't even read a book in peace... What do you want, kid?' the man grunted as he closed his book.

'Damn... this old man looks like a proper bitch' Leon thought as he kept a neutral face.

"I need an academy pass," he said.

"What academy?" The old man asked, rummaging under the counter.

"Velthorne Academy."

The man froze. "O-Oh, I'm terribly sorry, Sir. I'll register you right away. Please, place your hand on this orb."

His whole demeanor flipped like a switch as he placed a glowing orb in front of Leon.

'Damn. Velthorne Academy really has clout in this kingdom. Look at this old fart switch up the moment I said the name;

Leon thought, smirking as he placed his hand on the orb.

A projection of Leon's face, name, and age lit up inside the orb. Ten seconds later, a card slid out of the square box beneath it.

"Here's your card, Sir. I sincerely apologize for earlier-I hope you'll forgive this old man," the guy said with a smile, handing it over with both hands.

"Yeah," Leon replied, taking the card and walking back.

The card had his picture, name, and age on the front. On the back, two golden-green letters: V.A.

Leon walked up to Rita and showed the card.

"Can you take me there now?" He asked with a smile.

"O-Oh! You're really from Velthorne? Please, follow me, Sir!* she said, suddenly more respectful.

"Just call me Leon."|

"As you wish, Leon," she replied with a small smile as they started walking up the stairs.

Just like the first floor had no nobles on it, the second one had no commoners on it.

It was packed with academy students and nobles- all studying in silence.

"So, any particular reason you're interested in dungeons?" Rita asked.

"Not really. I just find them fascinating," Leon replied.

After one more floor, they reached the third level.

Rita led him to a completely empty section.

"All the dungeon related books are in this shelf. Take your time-we're open 24/7. If you need anything, just wave, I'll be right there," she said with a smile before walking away.

'Guess no one cares about dungeons, huh?' Leon thought as he looked around and noticed that it was completely empty.

"Well... who gives a fuck," he muttered and walked in.

Leon scanned the shelves for the book he was looking for...

'Dungeon Rank Identification'

'Monsters Found in a Dungeon'

'Rank-A Dungeon Appearings?'

'Are Dungeons Related to Other Worlds?'

"Wait... this is the one." Leon pulled out a grey book titled Working of a Dungeon.

He dropped to the floor, leaned against the shelf, and opened the book.

40 minutes later...

'Well, I have readed through some pages and only few of the points are useful...'

---

• When a place becomes enriched with mana and there's no escape route, the mana seeps into the ground. Over time, this leads to the formation of a Dungeon Core.

• Once the core forms, it starts at F-Rank.

F-Rank dungeons have a very basic design-two small rooms at start, one big final room.

• Gradually, the dungeon attracts low-level monsters due to the mana-rich environment.

The first monster to reach the core absorbs half its mana and gains a certain level of intelligence-becoming the Dungeon Boss.

• The Boss bonds with the core, gaining limited control over dungeon structure and basic trap-making abilities.

• The Boss will protect the core with its life. It may die, but it won't ever leave the core unguarded.

---

"If I can bond with a core... I can feed it mana and raise its rank. And since I've got infinite mana, I will have a easy time doing that."

Leon thought with a serious expression.

"I need a skill to bond with the core," he whispered, activating his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82: Dungeon Master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

82 Dungeon Master

< Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Core Bonding."

[Skill 'Core Bonding' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"When used, this skill will allow the user to bond with a dungeon core, supply mana to it, and control it."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

<Glitch Point>

The moment Glitch Point was activated, three words turned red on the screen.

'A Dungeon Core.

Leon stared at it with a very confused expression.

"What the fuck am I supposed to change in that?" he muttered, rubbing his temple.

"...A dungeon crystal ball ?" Leon spoke in a low voice.

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"Fuck..." Leon cursed as he stood up and started walking around the shelfs, thinking very hard for ten minutes.

'Is there a different name for the Dungeon Core or is it something else that I am missing?

What can there be-'

"So, goblins are F-rank monsters, huh?"

"Yeah, They are found in F-ranked dungeons only." Someone muttered nearby-and something suddenly clicked in Leon's mind.

'Rank... I forgot to mention the rank. Damn, how could I miss something that basic?' His eyes widened in realization.

"When used, this skill will allow the user to bond with an F-rank dungeon core, supply mana to it, and control it," Leon whispered.

Suddenly, the red highlight disappeared.

[Processing...]

"Haha..." Leon let out a small laugh but stopped immediately when people sitting around started to give him strange looks.

He hurried back to the dungeon section and slipped the book back onto the shelf.

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Core Bonding}.]

"Bind," Leon said with a smirk.

[Chant 'Bind' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated: 80% mana per use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated: 72 hours after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Umm... what the fuck is with that mana cost and cooldown?" Leon frowned at the screen as he couldn't understand why the system would set them so high.

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"..Fine. Learn the fucking thing," Leon said seriously.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill (Core Bonding) successfully!]

'Now... Let's get out of here and try to make a dungeon! Leon thought as he immediately made his way down to the first floor.

On the second floor, he passed by Rita. They exchanged a quick smile before walking away.

'He's so hot and handsome... And he's a Velthorne student too. If only I had a chance to date him... I'd make him so happy he'd never want to leave me.

'Sigh... If I married him, my life would be set, Rita thought, watching him walk out the main gates with a sad look.

Once outside, Leon didn't waste any time. He bolted straight toward Vinceral Forest. 1

Exiting the kingdom, Leon didn't stop running even though it was hard to run through all the snow.

"What's up with that guy? Running into the forest with no weapon?"

"Some suicidal kid, maybe. Whatever. If he becomes monster food, the beasts get fatter, and we get more meat to eat."

"Hahaha….."

"Hahahahahaha..."

Two adventurers laughed as they watched him disappear into the trees.

After reaching near the Oak Tree, Leon checked his surroundings.

"Inventory... Withdraw, he said with an excited expression.

A screen popped up in front of his face. Leon immediately tapped on the dungeon core, and it materialized in his right hand.

"Bind," he spoke, activating the skill.

<Core Binding>

[-400 MP]

"Oh shit..." Leon's vision blacked out for a second, and he lost his balance.

He grabbed onto the tree, blinking rapidly as he felt his head spinning really hard making it difficulty to even stand properly.

[+720 MP]

But in the next second, the weakness vanished.

'Mana fatigue... This happens when I use a huge chunk of mana at once. Makes my body feel like crap! Leon thought as he gained his balance back and stood up straight.

[Binding to F-Rank Core has been successful.]

'Good thing that my mana regeneration speed is so fast now. Otherwise, I would've been miserable like that for the next thirty minutes at least, he thought, glancing at the notification.

"So... how am I supposed to-"

"I greet, my master." Suddenly, A child like voice came from behind.

Leon spun around immediately...

A small girl stood there-around three feet tall, her entire body made of glowing blue mana, almost transparent.

Floating at the center of her chest was the F-rank dungeon core.

"Woah..." Leon blinked at her.

"Master... Would you like me to create a dungeon here?" she asked, bowing politely.

"You're the dungeon core... aren't you?" he asked, still confused.

"Yes, Master. This is the form I've taken to make communication easier. Do you not like it? I can change into something else if you prefer."

"It's good-it's good," Leon said, walking closer and reaching his hand out to her head but as soon as he tried to touch her, his hand passed right through.

"I am not materialistic, Master. This is just mana," she said calmly.

"I see..." Leon nodded.

"So you can create dungeons anywhere?" he asked.

"Yes, Master. But mana-rich areas are better-I grow faster by absorbing ambient mana." She replied.

'Well, I'm mana-rich as hell, so that's not a problem.'

"Can you create one right here?" Leon asked.

"Yes, Master. Shall I begin?"

"Go ahead. Make it right here," he said, pointing at the ground.

"As you command," she said, placing her hand on the ground.

Grrrrrr

The earth trembled slightly, and a staircase opened up right under her.

"It is completed, Master," she said, stepping onto the stairs.

Leon peered down the stairs. It looked almost identical to the goblin dungeon he cleared the day before.

"Are there any traps inside?" Leon asked.

"No, Master. I don't have enough mana to create traps at the moment."

[Congratulations! You have obtained the title: (Dungeon Master) successfully.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83: Elis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

83 Elis

[Title: Dungeon Master]

[Description: Bond with a dungeon core and create a dungeon. Anything that enters the dungeon will recognize you as its master.

While inside the dungeon, all your and your allies' powers increase by +10%. Can teleport anywhere inside the dungeon at will.]

Leon stared at the translucent screen floating steadily in front of his face.

"So I'm a Dungeon Master now... That's cool," he muttered, cracking a grin that tugged up the corners of his mouth.

'This staircase will lead to the first floor, Master," the calm, feminine voice of the dungeon core echoed beside him.

"You can modify it as you wish. If you desire to trap intruders within the dungeon, altering the stairs is a simple method."

Leon nodded, casually dismissing the notification window with a flick of his hand. He took a step forward, his boots lightly tapping against the stone as he began descending the staircase. The dungeon core walked alongside him, Silently.

As they walked deeper, the light faded steadily, the air turning colder and heavier with each step. Shadows crept along the stone walls. Yet something felt strange.

'Wait... is it just me or can I see better in this darkness than I usually can?' Leon blinked a few times, then activated his skill just in case.

<Adaptive Body>

[Adjusting Host's Eyes...]

His pupils shrank, reshaping into narrow slits like a cat's. His vision suddenly sharpened- everything around him became clearer, as if the darkness wasn't even a problem anymore.

He could see the stonework along the walls. It was rough but well-formed. The dungeon seemed to be carved from the same kind of stone as the Goblin Dungeon he'd been in yesterday, Except there were no vines or moss here though-nothing organic, nothing wild. Just clean, bare dungeon stone.

"This is the first room, Master, the core said softly, continuing her float forward.

Leon glanced around and noticed that it was very much similar to the goblin dungeon's first room.

"Do you have a name?" he asked, casually.

"I do not, Master. It would be an honor to receive one from you, she replied, her voice as polite and emotionless as ever.

"Hmm... How about Elis?" Leon spoke after a brief pause.

"I am honored, Master."

And the moment those words left her mouth-

(-450 MP]

Thud!

Leon's knees buckled instantly. A wave of dizziness crashed over him like a hammer, and he barely managed to stop himself from slamming into the ground.

[+761 MP]

In the blink of an eye, his mana regenerated.

"Fucking hell. Why the hell did I lose so much mana just now?" he groaned, placing one hand against the wall to push

himself upright.

"You gave me a name, Master. Naming a dungeon core, monster, or summon consumes a considerable amount of mana.

It is a form of spiritual binding. The act solidifies our connection," Elis explained.

Leon exhaled sharply. "Yeah... I've heard of that before, now that you mention it."

'I read about that in Mangas' Leon thought thought. 2

As Elis continued forward, she gestured toward another open space. "This is the second room, Master."

Leon followed, but something caught his eye-there were no doors between the rooms.

"Hey... why aren't these rooms separated? Shouldn't there be a gate or something in between?" he asked, frowning.

"I require physical materials to construct proper gates. Wood, metal, stone and a huge amount of mana. Currently, there are none available, Master."

'Ah... that makes sense, Leon thought. 'So the dungeon core uses physical materials from outside sources. Like the sword blades and armor scraps from dead adventurers. She uses that stuff to build structures, traps, doors and other things inside the dungeon. Just like the Goblin Dungeon."

"So, if I bring you wood and metal, you'll be able to set traps and build gates between rooms?"

"Absolutely, Master. However, even with the materials, crafting will consume a significant amount of mana and unfortunately-"

"You don't have any... I know." Leon replied.

They entered the final room-larger, more spacious than the others. It reminded Leon of the Goblin Lord's room.

"So... when you say 'a significant amount of mana'— how much exactly are we talking about?" Leon asked, raising an eyebrow.

"It is difficult to quantify in simple terms, Master. Mana requirements fluctuate based on the complexity of the structure. But... if you'd like, I can demonstrate. Could you please extend your hand ?"

"Like this?" Leon held his hand out.

"Thank you. I will take a small amount of mana from you. Please try not to be alarmed."

She gently placed her hand over his. A soft blue glow pulsed from her fingertips.

[-100 MP]

[+761 MP]

Leon's mana Instantly recovered.

"Now, please look towards the center of the room, Master."

Grrrrrr

The floor trembled slightly as stones rose from the ground, clicking together until they formed a basic throne in the middle of the chamber.

"That is what I could build with the mana I just took. Do you understand now, Master?"

Leon approached the throne, brushing his hand along the stone armrest. He sat down with a small smirk.

"Yeah, I get it now."

"I require ambient mana to build structures and evolve the dungeon further-*

"Come here," Leon interrupted, extending his hand again.

"Yes, Master," she said, floating toward him.

"Take more mana."

"As you command, Master. How much?"

"Triple the amount from earlier."

"As you command, Master."

[-300 MP]

[+761 MP]

"I've done it, Mas-"

"Again." Leon spoke with a smile, He wasn't worried about mana anymore.

"Yes, Master."

[-300 MP]

[+761 MP]

"Should I-

"Keep doing it until I tell you to stop." Leon replied.

"As you command, Master."

She continued draining 300 MP per second. Leon's recovery rate kept him from dipping too low, but he still felt the lightheaded pressure from the rapid flow of mana getting in and out of his body.

Still, he remained seated and calm. It was manageable.

One Hour Later...

"Master..." Elis suddenly stopped.

Leon opened his eyes lazily. "Hmm? What's wrong?"

"I can no longer absorb mana, Master. I've reached my current storage limit. My core will begin evolving now. The process will some take time."

Leon straightened slightly. "Evolving, huh?"

"Yes master, Once it completes, I will be able to store and utilize larger quantities of mana. In the meantime, I can perform full structural adjustments with the mana you have me."

Leon leaned back in the throne. "Can you rearrange the dungeon ? Like... stack the floors upon each other and connect them with diagonal staircases?"

"As you command, Master." Elis lowered her hand to the floor.

GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR

The entire dungeon trembled violently. It felt like an earthquake. Leon gripped the arms of his throne, watching the exit gate shift and twist. From the stone, new stairs formed- rising one by one like steps being summoned from air.

Two minutes passed and everything stopped.

"It is done, Master," Elis said quietly.

Leon stood from his throne. "Alright... let's see this."

'How do I teleport again? Should I just say it out loud ?'

"Teleport me to the second floor." Leon spoke and he vanished immediately.

Dungeon's Second Floor

Swish!

Leon reappeared on the second floor, landing smoothly on his feet. A grin stretched across his face.

Stairs to the left went upward. Stairs to the right went downward. It was a proper layered dungeon structure just like he commanded her to make.

He walked down the right-side stairs, heading back toward the final room. Elis stood inside, waiting.

"Elis, now that you've got enough mana stored... can you create another room in the dungeon?" he asked, stepping into the room.

T'm afraid not, Master. My current capacity allows control of only three rooms. If I attempt to add more, the earlier ones will collapse. Once my core finishes evolving, I will be able to construct additional chambers." Elis replied.

"I see..." Leon nodded thoughtfully. Then his expression shifted to a perverted one.

"Hey... can you make naughty traps too ?" He asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84: Need Money
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

84 Need Money

"I do not understand the word 'Naughty, Master... Can you give me a specific example?" Elis tilted her head slightly, confusion evident in her soft voice.

Leon blinked. "Looks like I'm not going to work today... Well, fuck it." He let out a small laugh as he sat back on the throne.

"I'm talking about traps that don't kill people, but instead make them go crazy with lust. You know, like needles laced with aphrodisiac shooting out of walls, or a room filled with gas that makes people horny. That kind of traps-can you make that?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

Elis paused for a moment. "I can make traps that fire needles at a target and rooms that can either release or contain gases... but I'm not familiar with this 'Aphrodisiac; Master. Is it some sort of poison?" Her expression stayed neutral, but her curiosity was obvious.

"No, it's not poison. It's a... stimulant." Leon rubbed the back of his neck. "If I give you the aphrodisiac and other ingredients, can you use them to make those traps?"

"Yes, Master. However," she tilted her head, "instead of dipping needles in aphrodisiac, may I fill the needles with it? 1 can design them to be small and release the liquid upon skin contact. It will be more effective that way, right ?"

Leon smirked, genuinely impressed. "If you had a real body right now, I'd kiss you."

"You can pat my core as a sign of affection, if you'd like, Master" Elis lifted her floating core-normally embedded in her chest-up to her forehead, presenting it to Leon.

"Oh... alright then." Leon chuckled and gave it two gentle taps.

Pat-Pat

"Thank you, Master, Elis said, a small smile in her tone.

"Now, tell me what you need. I'll bring everything that you need. Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Are we focusing only on traps, Master? Or shall I prepare for gates as well?"

"Gates and traps both," Leon nodded. "And throw in some torches too. It's pitch dark in here. I plan to bring in some sex slaves soon and….. well, I want to see their faces when I fuck them." He spoke with a perverted smile.

"I understand, Master. For all of that, I'll need a significant amount of wood and metal."

'My inventory can't carry that much weight... I'll need a better method to bring the materials in. And I need money to buy all this stuff too. Leon thought with a serious expression.

Suddenly an idea popped into his head.

"I'll be back soon, Elis," he said, turning away.

"I will await your return, Master," Elis bowed slightly.

"Take me to the entrance." Leon ordered.

Swish

Leon vanished from the core room and reappeared at the dungeon's entrance.

---

He exited the forest and began walking toward the northern side of the kingdom.

About thirty minutes later, he arrived at a village-but not just any village.

It was a Beastkin settlement.

As he approached the wooden gate, two muscular guards blocked his path. Both were half-human, half-dogs, holding long spears and standing with sharp vigilance.

"Stop. State your business in the village," they said in unison, crossing their spears.

"I'm looking for a girl named Ellie. She told me she lives here." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

The two guards exchanged a quick glance, then stepped aside and allowing him to enter.

As Leon walked in, he noticed something... The houses were made of finely cut wood. Unlike the crude, stone-brick homes in his own village, these homes were neatly built with care and effort.

'These people are stronger than they look. Probably built all this with their own hands; Leon thought, glancing around.

The Beastkin villagers stared at him curiously. A human in their territory wasn't something they saw every day.

"Haha, hey look- a human!"

"Oh my gods, it's a real human!"

"Hello, mister human!"

Suddenly, a bunch of children ran up to him, giggling as they circled around him and grabbed at his clothes.

'I fucking hate children... But, Maybe I can use them for some information extraction. Leon thought in his mind.

"Hey, do any of you know a girl named Ellie?" Leon crouched slightly to their level.

"Ellie? Yeah! She lives in the house outside the village," a small boy said, pointing east.

Leon followed the direction with his eyes and noticed a lone house just outside the village boundary.

'Why outside the village?' he wondered.

"Mister human, play with us!" a little girl said, tugging on his pants with her tiny claws.

'If something happens to my clothes, I will- Ugh, She is a child! Leon thought as he slowly removed her hand from his pants.

"Yeah! Play with us!"

"Come on, mister! Play!"

'Ugh... what a pain in the ass, Leon sighed internally, then noticed a stick lying on the ground.

"Alright, let's play!" He picked it up, grinned, and chucked it as far as he could.

"Fetch the stick!" Leon shouted.

"Yaaaay!"

"T'll be first!"

"No! I will!"

The kids dashed after it like a pack of wild puppies.

"Always works." Leon smirked.

"Excuse me... Can I help you?" came a calm voice from behind.

Leon turned and saw an old Beastkin man standing behind him. He was covered in thick black fur, so much so that even his eyes were barely visible.

"Oh, no. The kids already told me what I needed to know," Leon replied.

"I see," the old man nodded. "If you need any information, don't hesitate to ask. I'm the village chief." Leon pointed toward the house in the distance. "Why does that one house sit outside the village?"

The chief's expression darkened slightly. "One of your kind-human-fell in love with one of ours. She was innocent, and he... wasn't. We accepted the relationship, but when the mating season came, he cheated on her with other females from the village. Their husbands found out and forced the whole family out."

Leon stayed quiet as the chief continued.

"He eventually left them for another woman. Since then, that girl and her family have lived in exile. She's become a cautionary tale. We forbid our young from getting involved with humans now... So please," the chief paused and looked Leon in the eye, "try not to get any of our girls pregnant."

"Noted." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he immediately turned and started walking towards the house.

Leon jumped the wooden fence and knocked on the door.

Knock-Knock

Click

A boy around ten opened the door, his eyes narrowing as he looked up at Leon. "Who are you? What do you want?"

"Is Ellie here?" Leon asked.

"Who's at the door, Daniel?" a voice called from inside.

"A human guy. He's asking for you Ellie."

There was a brief pause, then quick footsteps.

Ellie came rushing to the door. As soon as she saw Leon, she bowed deeply.

"Hello, Sir Leon."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85: A buisness Deal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

85 A buisness Deal

"Hello, Sir Leon," Ellie greeted, bowing deeply in front of him. 1

"Show some respect, idiot! He's the reason we're not starving right now," she snapped, smacking her little brother on the back of the head.

"I-I'm sorry! H-Hello, Sir." Daniel stuttered, bowing clumsily.

"Please come in, Sir Leon. Can I get you anything to eat?" Ellie asked, biting her lip nervously as she walked toward the kitchen.

"No need," Leon replied, stepping inside and letting his eyes scan the house. The house wasn't in a very good condition, bare floors, cracked walls, and barely any furniture. Just a small table that looked like it had survived a war.

"Here... sit, Sir," Ellie said, bringing over a rickety wooden chair.

Leon took it with a nod, sitting down casually and spreading his legs as he leaned back.

"Mom! I chopped three trees! I'm getting good at it, right?" a kid's voice shouted from outside.

"Yes, Yes. You did a very good job."

Click

The door creaked open-and walked in a woman that made Leon's cock twitch immediately.

A full-bodied MILF, her hips swaying with every step, massive tits jiggling under a worn-out bodice that looked like it was seconds away from snapping open. Her black hairs flowed down to her back, long and wild. Two furry ears poked out from the top of her head, and a swaying tail trailed behind her. Her ass was thick, round, heavy-packed into a skirt that hugged them tightly.

Her body screamed breed me, and Leon's mind was filled with perverted thoughts the second he laid eyes on her.

"Whoa... there's a human in our house," the young boy that was walking with her spoke as he looked at Leon, shocked.

"Mom, Earl, this is Mr. Leon-the guy I told you about. The one who made cream puffs," Ellie spoke as she introduced them.

"Oh! Hello, Sir!" both the boy and the busty demi-human MILF said, bowing in sync.

As the mother leaned forward, her massive tits swayed, and Leon's eyes locked onto her cleavage, deep and inviting.

'Fuck... I want to bury my face in there and suffocate.' Leon thought as he immediately tried to control his dick.

"Ellie, bring our guest some water, the MILF said sweetly.

"Right!" Ellie rushed toward the kitchen.

"Oi, Daniel, come outside. I'll show you how to split wood properly, Earl said, already heading out the door.

"Coming!" Daniel ran after him, leaving Leon alone in the room with the curvy demi-mom.

"Sir Leon... you've done so much for us. I honestly don't know how to thank you," she said, setting the firewood down and stretching her back-pushing her breasts up high.

Jump up and down, your boobs spilling out of your bodice will thank me automatically! Leon thought in his mind as a perverted smile appeared over his face.

"Here you go, Sir Leon," Ellie said, returning with a glass of water.

Leon took it and downed the whole thing in one big gulp.

Gulp

"Thanks."

"Umm... did you need something, Sir Leon? Did Ellie mess something up?" the MILF asked, confused.

"No. I'm here with a Deal," Leon said.

"A Deal?" the two women asked, glancing at each other.

"Yeah. How'd you like to make some money this winter?"

"I'm in!" Ellie replied instantly, her eyes lighting up.

"Is it dangerous?" her mother asked, frowning slightly.

"Not unless you think baking cream puffs is deadly. You'll just have to make and sell them across the kingdom."

"But... that's your recipe, we can't sell that sir." Ellie said, hesitant.

"You guys keep 30% profit, 1 take 50%, and 20% goes to the materials for the next batch. Here's 50 copper for your first batch. It's not a donation... I am offering you guys a buisness deal." Leon spoke as he tossed the pouch to Ellie. 2

*Clink*

"You already know the recipe, right?"

"Yes!" she nodded excitedly.

"I'm not forcing you to do this, it's your-"

"We'd be honored to take this deal, Sir." the MILF said quickly, bowing low again- her big tits nearly spilling from her top.

"Thank you, Sir Leon!" Ellie added, doing the same.

Leon stood. "Then I'll take my leave now."

"Where should we send the payment?" her mother asked with a confused expression.

"I'll come collect it myself….. every day, if that's okay with you." He smirked. His gaze slid down to the mother's tits and hips.

If I play this right, I'll turn this MILF into my personal cock-fleshlight. That fat pussy will be mine to pound whenever I want, Hehehehe...' Leon thought in his mind with a perverted smile.

"Oh, no problem at all," the MILF replied sweetly, not aware of what dirty plans Leon had for her in his mind.

"Well... I will see you guys tomorrow then."

Leon left the house, watching Daniel and Earl still outside messing with wood.

'One passive income source done. Now I can spend my winter warm, fed... and balls-deep in MILF pussies. His smirk grew as he walked toward the kingdom.

---

Thirty minutes later...

Leon arrived at Merida's shop and walked inside.

Ting

She was asleep on the counter, her tits squished against the wood, her back rising and falling gently.

"Hmm? You're late..." she murmured, waking up from her sleep.

"I was doing something important," Leon replied.

"You're lucky you're good with knives. I'd have fired your lazy ass already," she muttered, rubbing her eyes.

Leon's gaze wandered to a blade on the rack. He picked it up-and noticed the handle was slick with something... sticky.

He raised an eyebrow. "Why's this handle wet?" he asked with a perverted grin.

Merida's eyes flew open. She rushed over, snatching the knife from him with a panic-stricken face, her cheeks blazing red.

'Fuck. I left it there... I forgot. her mind screamed.

"Were you... Mastrubating with this?" Leon whispered, stepping in close, his breath hot against her ear.

"W-What!?" she yelped, her face burning.

"You know, I have the real thing in my pant..." Leon spoke, grabbing her by the waist. His hand slid down her stomach, teasing lower, until his fingers pressed against her clothed pussy.

"W-What are you-"

"Remis." Leon whispered.

The skill hit her womb like a surge of arousal and heat. Her pussy clenched. Juices soaked her panties in an instant.

Her knees buckled and she immediately gripped the counter, moaning softly as the magic assaulted her insides.

"Anhh~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86: I like it Rough
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"W-What are you doing to my body, Kid ?" Merida's voice trembled, her legs twitching uncontrollably as her soaked panties clung to her heated folds. Her eyes fluttered open and shut, trying to resist what her body was feeling.

"Me? I'm not doing anything," Leon smirked darkly, his fingers teasing her pussy through the fabric of her pants.

"Just checking how wet your perverted little pussy is."

"J-Just remove your hand—" she gasped, her hand shooting down to grab his wrist. But before she could push him away, Leon leaned in, his voice low and seductive.

"You remember that day I asked about the missing handle ?" he whispered, his fingers never stopping. "I saw something in the storage room…"

Merida's eyes widened, her grip loosening instantly. She stared at him, her face flushing red. "W-What did you see?"

Leon's smirk grew wider. "A very sexually frustrated woman… laying on the haystack. Her legs wide open, moaning while she fucked herself with this same handle," he said, lifting it up slowly in front of her. Her breath hitched.

"Y-You are—" She couldn't finish.

Leon's fingers began moving faster, rubbing back and forth over her sensitive pussy slit with rhythm and pressure.

"A-Anhh~ Ahnn~ Ahhh~ Wait—Nnghhh~ I'm—I'm cuhmminggg~!" she screamed as her knees buckled and she collapsed to the floor, her pants soaked, her cum leaking out in waves over the ground.

Leon crouched down beside her, still smirking. "Well now… look at the mess you've made on the floor, Merida."

"Y-You…" she whispered, her cheeks flushed, her legs still trembling as she tried to stand.

"What ?" he tilted his head mockingly. "Say it louder, I don't think I can hear you clearly."

"How did you make my body do that?" she asked, her voice husky and eyes locked onto his.

Leon slid his hand around her waist, yanking her close until her huge boobs squished against Leon's chest.

"It's simple," he whispered. "There's magic in my hands."

"You're so cocky… touching a woman old enough to be your mother, and still smiling about it ?

Don't you feel any shame doing this to me ?" Merida asked but her eyes were completely focused on Leon's lips.

"Yeah, I don't think so," Leon said casually, then leaned in and sealed her lips with his.

Chuuuuu~

He sucked on her lower lip, his hand squeezing her breast while his other hand cupped her huge ass-cheek.

Squeeze~

"Mmmf~" Merida moaned into his mouth, her voice lost as his tongue slid between her lips, teasing and claiming her tongue.

*Lick… Lick… Lick…*

'W-What is this boy? He's too good with his hands… kissing me, groping me, he knows all of my weak spots. It's like he's done this hundreds of times… more than me…' Merida's thoughts were lost as the heat in her body crawled upto her mind making her thinking process really slow.

One minute passed and Leon finally pulled away his lips, a long string of saliva connecting their mouths formed in-between, that landed over Merida's chest.

"You're so fucking hot," Leon whispered, grinding his bulge against her — his dick pressing right against her womb.

"How are you this good at pleasing a woman ? Looks like you have had many partners huh ?" she asked, panting.

'No, Woman in this world are too easy, darling. You cum just from rubbing your pussies... Because you haven't seen what real pleasure looks like.' Leon thought with a smile.

"I could tell you... or we could get to the storage room and I'll show you." He whispered, giving her ass a rough squeeze.

*Squeeze*

"Ahh~" she gasped.

"Choose fast," Leon said. "I've got other plans after you, Lady."

Merida swallowed, her voice shy and shaky. "L-Let's go… to the storage room…"

"Good answer." Leon kissed her again, and the two walked towards the storage room, their mouths sucking eachother's tongues and hands opening the buttons of their pants.

Clothes started falling, piece by piece, until only their underwear remained.

Leon unhooked her bra, and her huge boobs spilled out — soft, large areolas, with pink nipples already hard.

He stared at them, licking his lips like some sex crazed monkey.

"Before we start… I don't like it soft. I like—"

Before she could finish, Leon grabbed her by the hair and pushed her down.

"Shut the fuck up, bitch. I know exactly what you like. Now get my underwear off and suck my dick."

"Y-Yes… sir," she said, smirking as if finally being seen for what she was.

'You want to be treated like a Fleshlight ? Then I'll treat you like one…' Leon thought with a twisted grin.

Her fingers slid under his waistband. The outline of his cock already stunned her — but when the underwear dropped, a heavy and thick dick smacked against her face, reaching from the chin to her forehead.

"W-Wow... H-How is it so big ?" She asked with a shocked expression.

"Open your mouth or I will force it in myself..." Leon spoke as he stepped back and placed his cock over her lips, sliding it from left to right slowly.

"Y-Yes..." Merida replied as she slowly opened her mouth but as soon as Leon saw the small opening he didn't wait and immediately rammed it inside.

Leon grabbed her head with both of his hands tightly and started using her mouth pussy like a toy.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

'Oh my god... His dick is so thick, My mouth is barely containing it, If he thrusted too hard he can dislocate my jaw.

He is using my mouth just as a hole for his dick, His eyes are looking at me as if I am nothing but an outlet to his sexual needs.

Anhh~ Not even my own husband treated me this rough, whenever I told him to treat me rough he just stopped, but this kid... He is not even taking me as a woman anymore and I am such a pervert that I am enjoying this.' Merida thought as she stopped thinking anymore and let her body free used by Leon as he pleased.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87: Don't want no kids...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

GWAK-GWAK-GWAK

Merida was going all in — her head bobbing like crazy, mouth stuffed with Leon's cock, while her heavy boobs bounced wildly with every thrust.

"Keep using that tongue, bitch... I don't want you slowing down," Leon said with an evil grin, his hand gripping her hair tight.

GWAK-GWAK-GWAK

"Shit, I'm about to cum… you better not let a single drop fall, got it?" he asked, slamming his dick deep into her throat as he came.

"Ahhh... fuuuck yes..." Leon shouted, his head tilting back in pleasure as he pumped his thick load straight into her throat.

But Merida wasn't ready for the amount—her eyes widened, her throat twitching as some of it leaked out the sides of her lips... and even from her nose.

'What the hell... h-how is he releasing so much ?' she thought, struggling to breathe, her face red and soaked in a mix of tears, spit, and his cum.

Her panties clung to her, soaked with her own juices, a clear sign of how much she was enjoying the raw treatment.

"Damn… that was intense," Leon muttered, his breath still heavy. "Now keep going—clean every drop. I don't want anything left inside." He ordered.

Merida obeyed, wrapping her lips around his dick again, sucking softly, her tongue cleaning his tip as she sucked out the last of his thick cum, that was left inside his urethra.

Suck… suck…

Leon finally pulled out, tapping his cock on her forehead with a light tap, wiping off what little cum remained.

"I-I couldn't breathe…" Merida whispered, placing a trembling hand over her chest.

Leon's eyes narrowed. "Get up."

"B-But—" Before she could finish, he grabbed her wrist and pulled her up.

"When I say stand up, you do it. No questions," Leon spoke with an evil smile.

"Y-Yes… Sir…" she whispered, flushed and breathless.

"Good," he muttered, sliding his hands under her boobs, cupping them with greedy fingers.

"Now let me suck on these huge things." Leon spoke as he latched onto one nipple, his tongue circling it aggressively, then moved to the other with a hunger that made her knees shake.

"Ahhnn~ S-Slow…!" Merida gasped, her back arching from the intensity.

'His mouth... the way he sucks and plays with my boob... it's too much,' she thought, biting her lip to hold back louder moans.

Leon sucked harder, his fingers squeezing her soft flesh, his mouth greedy and wet.

Slurp

Nibble

"Anhh~ N-Not so rough—!" she cried, but her voice broke into a moan as he bit her nipple lightly and sucked again, more forceful this time.

Leon took both of her sensitive nipples into his mouth at once—sucking them hard, his teeth grazing them just enough to leave bite marks over her areolas.

*Bite-Bite*

"Anhhh~ M-My nipples~" Merida moaned, her body trembling as Leon sucked and bit down hard on them, not giving her a second to breathe.

After slurping on her tits like a crazy monkey, Leon pulled away, a string of saliva connecting his lips to her sensitive nipple.

"Turn around." He ordered.

"Y-Yes..." Merida stammered, obeying instantly. As she turned around, her soaked pink panties clung to her thighs, a wet mess dripping down her thighs and legs.

"You fucking slut..." Leon growled with a twisted smile, landing a hard slap on her fat ass.

SLAP-SLAP

"Anhh~ A-Ahh~" Merida's moans spilled out, her body shaking from the sting mixed with unbearable arousal.

Leon didn't waste time—he shoved two fingers into her panties and yanked them down to her ankles. Her slick, pink pussy was already coated in her own juices.

"Get bent..." he spoke in a commanding tone as he pushed her down over the haystack.

"A-Anhh~"

SLAP!

"Annhhhhh~"

"Open those legs wide, you old slut." Leon spoke with a perverted smile.

"Y-Yes..." she gasped, spreading her thighs as ordered and without resistance.

As soon as she did, Leon shoved two fingers inside her tight pussy, thrusting them in and out fast and deep.

"Ahh~ Ahhh~ A-Anhhh~ W-Wait~ Too rough~ Anhhh~" Merida whimpered, her voice cracking between loud moans.

Leon ignored her cries and kept finger-fucking her like a toy, not stopping until—

"A-Anhhh~ I-I'm Cumminggg~!"

But just as she hit the edge, Leon pulled his fingers out.

"W-What...?" Merida gasped, turning her head back in shock.

"Oh, you're not cumming yet..." he whispered darkly, slapping his thick cock against her dripping pussy.

"Take this first..." Leon spoke as he slowly pushed just the tip of his cock into her soaked pussy.

"Anhhh~"

A jolt of pleasure shot through Merida's whole body. Her pussy walls instantly clenched around his tip, almost begging to suck in more.

"Fuck... That tightness. Even at this age, you still grip me like a damn virgin," Leon said with a wicked smirk.

"P-Please... I can't take it anymore, fuck me already... Fuck my pussy hard, I'm begging you," Merida moaned, her voice breathless, her cheeks flushed from the overwhelming pleasure.

Leon raised an eyebrow and chuckled, "Oh, I'll fuck you… but you see, when I fuck a pussy, I only cum inside the pussy."

Merida's eyes widened. "F-Fine... Cum wherever you want, just fuck me already, Please !"

He pulled out a birth control seal and waved it in front of her face. "Then wear this."

"W-What ?" She asked her eyes widened in shock.

"I don't want no kids from a slut like you, so either you wear it or I am pulling out." Leon spoke as he slowly started pulling his tip out but her pussy wasn't ready to give up yet.

Merida didn't hesitate. She spun around, bent over, and presented her stomach like a bitch in heat. "Just do it and please put it back in."

Leon grinned as he pressed the seal to her womb with one hand, pinched her clit with the other, and slammed his cock deep inside her in one brutal thrust.

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHH~ CUMMMMINGGGGGG~" Merida screamed as her body shook uncontrollably.

Her eyes rolled back, her tongue hung out, and her legs gave way as a violent orgasm tore through her pussy.

SQUIRRRRRT

"Holy shit… I was wrong, now you are as tight as a virgin," Leon groaned, closing his eyes as her soaked pussy squeezed down around his cock.

[Author: I want to thank kai_writer151 for the big donation this week and all the other supporters. Love you guys.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88: A mistake
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Village Chief's House...

Knock-Knock

Olga stood in front of a closed door, her knuckles trembling as she tapped on it lightly.

"J-Jack... Will you come out today? I made your favorite dish, just like you used to like it..." she said in a nervous, shaky voice, trying to sound hopeful.

"Get the fuck away from me! I don't want to talk to anyone!" came a furious voice from behind the door.

"B-But… son, it's been days. You haven't come out, not even once to eat properly or get some air—"

"Didn't I fucking say don't talk to me!? Leave me alone!"

Just then, heavy footsteps echoed in the corridor.

"What's going on?" the village chief asked, irritation clear in his tone as he walked toward the door.

"He... he hasn't come out in days. Please... talk to him. Do something," Olga pleaded, tears forming in her eyes.

The chief scowled and without warning grabbed her arm violently, hurling her aside like garbage.

"Get out of my sight, useless woman."

Thud!

Olga hit the ground hard, a pained cry escaping her lips as her arm scraped across the floor, leaving a red mark.

The chief stepped forward and banged his fist against the door.

"Open up, Jack. It's me—your father!"

No response came.

Seconds passed in eerie silence.

Click

Suddenly, the lock turned, and the door slowly creaked open.

The stench that escaped was revolting. It was the smell of decay, sweat, and unwashed clothes. The chief covered his nose in disgust.

"What the hell, Jack? How many days has it been since you've cleaned yourself?" he barked, recoiling slightly from the foul air.

Jack stepped out slowly, his posture slouched, his skin pale, and dark circles haunting his bloodshot eyes.

"What do you want, father?" he asked, his voice hollow and drained of emotion.

The chief's expression shifted from irritation to a concerned scowl.

"What's wrong with you, son? Why are you like this?"

"Nothing..." Jack muttered, turning back toward his room. "Just leave me alone."

But the chief grabbed his shoulder.

"Tell me, Jack. I'm your father. If something's eating you alive, I want to know. I'll fix it. Just tell me who or what is doing this to you."

Jack stopped.

He turned around slowly, eyes wide, trembling.

"You want to know what's wrong with me? I'll tell you. I'm dying every fucking day, father. Every night I lie in bed, unable to sleep, because I know he's out there. He's alive. So close. And I can't do anything about it. That's what's wrong."

His hands gripped the chief's shoulders tightly, fingernails digging in slightly. Olga stood nearby, watching with a horrified expression, unable to grasp what was happening.

"Just tell me his name," the chief said, his voice low and deadly serious. "I swear to you, as your father, he won't see the sunrise tomorrow."

Jack's lips trembled as he said the name.

"Leon… Leon Luster."

The name sent a jolt through the room.

"What...?" Olga gasped, eyes wide in disbelief.

"Yes..." Jack whispered, almost in a panic. "I've said it. Oh no. I've said it out loud. He'll come for me now. He'll kill me. Oh my god, what have I done?"

He fell to the ground, clutching his head in both hands, rocking slightly as fear overtook him.

"Not if we kill him first," the chief said darkly, already storming away from the room.

"W-Wait, listen to me!" Olga spoke, following him.

But the chief ignored her. He stomped into his private office, fury blazing in his eyes.

Click

He yanked open a drawer, pulled out a leather pouch filled with heavy coins, and slammed the drawer shut. Without a second thought, he headed for the exit.

"P-Please wait... you didn't even try to understand. Maybe Leon just wanted to make up for his mistake! Maybe he saved our son out of guilt—" Olga begged, her voice cracking with desperation.

Thud!

She didn't get to finish. The chief struck her with a powerful kick, sending her crashing into the wall.

"Aghh!" she screamed as her head hit the corner, blood trickling down her scalp.

"Stupid bitch... All you do is whine. When I get back, I'll sell your pathetic ass to a slave trader and buy myself a fresh elf. One who knows how to shut the fuck up."

He turned and marched out of the house, heading for a rundown shack on the outskirts of the village. It was hidden behind tall grass and half-collapsed walls. Everyone thought it was abandoned.

But it wasn't.

Knock-Knock. Knock-Knock-Knock. knock

He knocked in a strange rhythm, pausing between each knock precisely.

Click

The door opened, revealing a figure clad in tight black robes and a dark mask that hid every inch of his face.

"What do you want?" the man asked coldly.

"I want someone dead. Here's your advance." The chief held out the pouch.

"Alone or with family?" came another voice from the shadows.

The second assassin stepped into view, also dressed in black.

"His name is Leon Luster. He lives four houses to the left of mine. He has a sister and a mother. I want you to kill him in front of them. Then I'll buy the bitch and her brat and make their lives a living hell," the chief said with a twisted grin.

"Heh... You always were a freak. Fine, it'll be done tonight. Now hand over the coins."

The bag changed hands.

"Good. I'll pay the rest once I see the body," the chief said, turning and vanishing into the darkness.

*Click*

"I'm sick of that bastard. Always coming here, tossing coins like we're his dogs."

One of them kicked the bag, scattering copper coins all over the floor.

"Just a little more... and we disappear. We change our names and leave this fucking place behind forever."

"What about the kid? Does he know anything about us?"

"Doubt it. Heard he goes to Velthorne Academy."

"What? That's bad. Real bad."

"Don't panic. He's just an alchemist."

"An alchemist, huh...? In that case, this'll be easier than I thought."

"When the sun sets... we move."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89: The bait
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Kid... your village is here. Time to get off," the wagon driver said, glancing over his shoulder toward the back.

Yaaawn

Leon stretched and slowly sat up, letting out a deep yawn as the wagon came to a halt.

"Looks like you had a rough day, huh?" the driver asked with a friendly smile.

"No... it was a really smooth one," Leon replied with a calm smile as he hopped down from the wagon.

...

He began walking toward the village's entrance.

"Hello, Leon. How are you?" both of the guards greeted him with a smile as he approached.

"Good," Leon responded briefly, his face neutral, and he walked past them without offering much attention.

'Haa... today was really exhausting. Now the real question is... who should I fuck tonight? Selene or Elaine?' Leon thought to himself with a perverted grin curling up on his lips.

He reached his house and knocked on the door.

Knock-Knock

There was no response.

"Hm...?" He tilted his head and raised his hand again, but just as he was about to knock—

Click

The door creaked open, and Elaine appeared on the other side, a strange tension in her eyes.

"Hello—" Leon began, but before he could finish, Elaine threw her arms around him, embracing him tightly.

"Hah... Your boo—"

"There are two people in the house. They want to kill you. Run, Leo. Run and come back with help," she whispered urgently into his ear, her voice shaking with fear.

For a second, Leon's entire body froze.

'Did that noble brat send assassins after me?' he thought, his expression shifting instantly into something colder, sharper.

"Say 'Welcome back, Son,' and act like nothing happened just play along," he whispered back softly, his voice like cold.

"Welcome back, Son," Elaine said out loud, stepping aside and pretending to smile warmly.

"What's for dinner, Mom?" Leon asked with a relaxed tone as he walked into the house, smiling as though nothing was wrong.

'No... Leo, what are you doing?' Elaine thought in a panic, her eyes silently pleading for him to run.

"B-Bread and beans..." she stammered, the fear in her voice barely hidden.

<Glitch Point>

Leon activated his skill and scanned the hall carefully.

'I don't see anything... which means they're not using stealth magic,' he assessed. Then his gaze dropped to the hallway. The bedroom door was slightly ajar, but no light came from within, despite it was already dark outside.

'They're inside... and they've taken Selene and her daughter hostage. That's why Elaine didn't scream,' he realized.

"Inventory withdraw..." Leon whispered.

He reached into his inventory and quietly summoned the knife he had bought from Merida's shop, slipping it behind his back and hiding it beneath his shirt.

"Threads..."

<Mana Threads>

With a whisper, he attached a mana thread to the knife's handle for control.

"Mom, I found a dungeon today," he said casually, pulling out the necklace he took from the goblin dungeon's entrance.

"W-What?" Elaine asked, trying her best to keep up the facade despite her growing panic.

"Yes, look. I even brought you something from the treasure hoard," Leon said, handing the necklace to her.

Inside the bedroom...

One assassin held a dagger to Selene's throat as she sat on the bed, trembling, clutching her daughter close. Silent tears ran down her cheeks.

The second assassin stood near the door, peeking through the slight opening, watching the hallway.

"Should we move out?" the one with the knife asked in a hushed voice.

"Shh..." his partner hissed, gesturing for silence and patience.

...

"I-It looks really expensive..." Elaine said, forcing a shaky smile as she admired the pendant.

"There's a lot more where that came from. Piles of gold, rare artifacts—actually, wait..." Leon paused, glancing around theatrically. "I forgot to bring something for Selene! I'll be right back. The dungeon's not far. Just prepare the food, Mom. I will be back soon."

He turned and briskly walked out the front door.

The assassins didn't hesitate. They stepped out of the bedroom, and silently followed Leon outside.

"Why are we tailing him?" one asked, his eyes narrowing with suspicion.

"He found a dungeon, idiot. A real one filled with treasure. This could be our way out of this stupid life," the other whispered.

Leon exited the village gates. They followed silently, in stealth, staying within the tall grass.

"What if this is a trap?" one asked.

"If it were, he would've gone to the kingdom. But he's heading toward the Vinceral Forest. I think this is real."

"After tonight, we'll start fresh. I'm going to buy myself a new house... maybe even a slave girl or two."

...

Suddenly, Leon turned.

Both assassins dropped instantly, hiding in the grass.

Leon's eyes scanned the area—but all he saw were six red dots glowing faintly on the ground.

<Inspect>

[Name: Okel]

[Class: Thief]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 350/350]

[HP: 700/700]

[Description: A thief who kills people for fun.]

<Inspect>

[Name: Jenks]

[Class: Assassin]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 400/400]

[HP: 800/800]

[Description: An assassin who kills people for money.]

'Huh... an assassin and a thief. They're on the same level as me, maybe even a little weaker. No way a noble would hire trash like them,' Leon thought with a confused expression.

He turned away and kept walking.

The two assassins stood and resumed their stealthy pursuit.

Eventually, they reached the forest. Leon approached the oak tree and walked down the stairs of the hidden dungeon.

"Get ready. Once we reach the treasure room, we hack the brat into pieces and take everything," Jenks said as he prepared his sword.

"What about the village chief?" Okel asked.

"Later. For now, focus on the big fish."

"But I wanted to see his ugly face when he gets kill—"

"He's going in. Let's move," Jenks cut him off, dashing forward.

Both men entered the dungeon, heading down a spiral staircase. The deeper they went, the darker it got.

"Fireball," Jenks muttered, summoning a small orb of flame to light their way.

The stairwell lit up, but Leon was nowhere to be seen. Only a second staircase, leading deeper into the dungeon across the first floor.

"Did he go down there?" Okel asked.

"Looks like it."

They stepped forward and started going down the stairs cautiously—until Jenks stopped abruptly.

"What is it?" Okel whispered.

Jenks pointed. A ring lay on one of the stairs.

This was the same ring that Leon wore in his hands.

"Huh...? Oh! A ring!" Okel's eyes lit up with greed as he rushed forward and snatched it.

"No traps?" Jenks asked, watching carefully.

"Wait—what? Were you using me to test if this is a trap or not !?" Okel turned with a glare.

"Yes. Now hand it over," Jenks said, grabbing the ring from him and walking in front of him again.

"Hey! That's not fair—"

THUD

Squish

Suddenly, A massive stone slab fell from the ceiling, crushing Jenks into a mangled mess of blood and bones.

The fireball extinguished instantly.

Darkness covered the stairs once again.

"J-Jenks!?" Okel screamed, staggering backward.

"F-Fuck..." he whimpered, stumbling up the stairs, running toward the entrance without wasting another second—but

Thud

He slammed into a stone wall that wasn't there before.

"F-Fuck! What is this!?"

"Who sent you?" a cold voice echoed from behind.

Okel spun around, pulling out his knife, his heart pounding. Sweat dripped from his brow as the oppressive silence closed in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90: A mistake -Fixed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Where are you?! Show yourself, you coward!" Okel shouted as he thrust his knife forward into the darkness, hoping to land a strike.

Leon stood silently near the stairs, his eyes cold and unreadable.

"You invaded my house," he said, his voice calm but laced with anger, as he pulled out a knife and pointed it directly at Okel.

"Threatened my family," he continued. With a sudden flick of his wrist, he hurled the knife at Okel with speed.

Guided by thin threads of mana, the blade cut through the air like a bullet, maintaining perfect balance.

*Stab*

"FUCK!" Okel screamed, staggering back as the blade buried itself deep into his right shoulder. He instinctively grabbed the hilt, his eyes widening in shock when he realized—no one was holding it.

"L-Listen, kid... we were paid to do this," he grunted, yanking the blade out and tossing it to the floor.

*Tang*

"Who gave you the money?" Leon asked calmly, extending his hand.

The knife jerked up from the ground and flew back into his grip.

*Catch*

Okel's eyes locked in on the sound. 'That voice... I need to buy time to line up the throw. One shot. That's all I need to kill him.'

"A guy from your village..." Okel said, taking slow, deliberate steps forward.

"Who?" Leon asked.

"W-Will you let me go if I tell you his name?" Okel said, tightening his grip around his own dagger.

"Sure," Leon replied, his tone emotionless.

"He lives four houses to the right of yours..." Okel muttered, slowly raising the dagger with his left hand, his muscles tensing in anticipation.

"The Village Chief," Leon finished for him.

Okel's eyes widened. In a flash, he hurled the dagger toward Leon's voice with everything he had.

*Tang*

The sound confirmed it—a miss.

"Fuck..." he cursed under his breath.

"Fucking dog," Leon's voice came—this time, from directly behind him.

"Wha—!?"

*Stab*

Leon drove the knife straight into Okel's throat in one clean, brutal motion.

Okel's mouth opened, but no words came out—only a faint gurgle and a stream of blood. His body crumpled to the floor like a puppet with its strings cut.

"Elis..." Leon spoke coldly.

*Swish*

Suddenly, Elis appeared in front of Leon, silent and composed.

"Clean up this mess. I have a mistake to correct," Leon said with a serious expression before vanishing.

"Yes, Master..." Elis responded, bowing her head respectfully.

...

Village Chief's House...

The chief sat in his office, staring at documents with a grim look.

"How can this be? How can they choose Baron Kael to be the next village chief? That idiot... I need to talk to the Viscount. I must prove that I'm more than capable of handling this village," he muttered, tightening his grip on the chair's armrest.

...

Jack was seated at the dining table, devouring food like a wild pig that hadn't eaten in days.

Olga stood beside him, fear evident in her eyes.

"Bring me more rice," Jack ordered, barely glancing up at her.

"I-I didn't cook that much... B-But I'll imme—" Before she could finish, Jack hurled the bowl to the floor.

*Clang*

"Don't give me excuses, bitch! Bring me food.

You know what? It's good that Dad is selling you. I'm tired of seeing your face in this house."

"B-But... I'm your mother, Jack," Olga whispered, her voice trembling.

"Not my real mother. You're just a tool that my father bought from your stupid father with money. So shut your mouth—"

*Knock-knock*

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door.

"Go answer the fucking door..." Jack snapped, shoveling more food into his mouth.

With a trembling body and tear-streaked face, Olga walked toward the door.

*Click*

She opened it—and a knife was instantly pressed against her neck.

"Shhhh..." Leon stood there, placing a finger over his lips in a warning.

Olga stepped aside silently, letting him in.

"Threads..." Leon muttered, binding her neck with an invisible mana thread.

Olga suddenly felt the tight grip of something intangible coiling around her throat.

"Speak a single word, and I'll kill you. Where's your son?" Leon asked coldly, tightening the thread slightly.

*Clench*

Olga said nothing, simply raising a shaky hand and pointing towards the dining room.

Leon didn't wait. He immediately moved forward—and as he stepped into the dining room, he saw Jack hunched over his plate, eating like a fucking pig.

"Who was at—" Jack started, lifting his head to glance at Olga. But as soon as he saw the figure in the doorway, his eyes widened in terror. Before he could react—

*Swish*

Leon hurled the knife with lightning speed.

*Stab*

The blade pierced straight through Jack's forehead.

*Thud*

Jack died with fear frozen on his face, his head slamming onto the table. The tip of the knife jutted out from the back of his skull.

Olga collapsed to the floor as soon as she saw this visual, her legs trembling uncontrollably.

Leon raised his hand.

The dagger, still wrapped in mana threads, burst out of Jack's head and flew back to him.

Without pause, Leon turned and made his way to the chief's office.

*Click*

"You fucking whore! I told you not to barge—" The chief looked up mid-rant, only to realize it wasn't Olga—but Leon, his knife stained with blood in his hand.

"Y-You..." the chief stammered, his voice cracking.

Leon walked over and sat in the chair across from him. He placed the knife on the table and gestured for the chief to sit down.

"Y-Yes..." the chief mumbled, sitting quickly with fear in his eyes.

"L-Leon... y-you're like a son to me. D-Did someone attack you?" he asked, forcing a nervous smile.

"Yeah... two guys broke into my house. They threatened my mom and sister."

"O-Oh my god... I-I'll immediately—" The chief started speaking as he immediately stood up.

"Sit down," Leon interrupted. "Or I'll ram this knife through your asshole and out your mouth."

"Y-Y-Yes..." the chief stuttered, visibly shaking.

"I killed one of them. The other one confessed that they were hired by you to kill me."

"I-I'm sorry, Leon... I-I'll do anything you say! I'll even give you everything I've saved!" The chief grabbed a bag of coins from his drawer and placed it on the table.

Silver coins spilled out.

Leon stared at them with a blank expression.

"Not enough," he said flatly.

"I-I won't take any more tax from your family! L-Look, I'm the village chief—if you kill me, there will be an investigation and you'll—"

Leon's eyes shifted to a letter on the desk. He picked it up and scanned it.

A smile formed on his lips.

"Looks like they're giving your position to someone else," he said calmly.

"SOMEONE HEL—" the chief began to scream but,

*Stab*

The knife silenced him, slamming straight into his fat neck and killing him instantly.

*THUD*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91: First MILF of Dungeon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After killing the Chief, Leon stood up from the chair and picked up the bag of silver coins lying on the table.

"I'll be taking this..." he muttered, slipping it into his inventory. With the blood-covered knife still in his hand, he walked out of the office.

As soon as Leon stepped outside, he spotted Olga sitting on the floor, staring in horror at the pool of blood flowing from Jack's corpse.

"Y-You killed my whole family..." Olga said, her voice trembling as she looked up at Leon.

"A family that treated you like shit," Leon replied flatly. He walked over to the couch and wiped the blood from both sides of the blade against the fabric.

"It was all I had... Now I'll be sold as a slave, and my life will be destroyed completely. You better kill me with them, or I'll tell everyone—" she began, but Leon cut her off.

"What work can you do?" he asked coldly, walking up to her and pointing the knife at her throat.

"I-I'm a housewife... I-I only know how to clean and cook..." Olga stammered, her eyes wide with fear.

"Look, I don't want to kill you. I killed them because they tried to kill me. And wasting your beautiful figure as a slave? I don't think I'll ever let that happen—unless I'm the one buying you," Leon said, his voice neutral as he tapped the knife over her squishy and soft boobs.

*Squish-Squish*

"Stand up and get out of this village," he ordered.

"B-But... I don't have anywhere to go," she replied, her voice desperate.

"Wait for me outside the village. I'll take you to a place," Leon said calmly.

'Here comes the first MILF of my dungeon...' he thought to himself with a slight smirk.

"O-Okay..." Olga said softly, standing up and walking toward the door.

"If you try to tell anyone what happened here—or anything about me—just remember, the thread around your neck is still there," Leon warned, tugging his fingers slightly.

Immediately, Olga felt the invisible mana thread tighten around her throat, making her shiver.

"I-I understand..." she whispered, hurrying out of the house and heading toward the village exit.

Leon walked to the window and watched her the entire time, ensuring she left without an issue or telling anything to anyone.

...

At the Village Exit...

"Hmm...? Madam Olga? Why are you here, out this late ?" one of the guards asked as she approached the gate.

"I-I was—" she began, but the moment she opened her mouth—

*Clench*

The mana thread squeezed tightly around her neck.

"I-I was just going to the kingdom to buy some important things," she quickly said, trying to stay calm.

"Why are you bothering ma'am? The chief will eat us alive if he finds out we aren't helping you and—"

"No. I don't need any help. Stay there and do your job!" Olga snapped suddenly.

"Y-Yes, ma'am..." the guard replied, exchanging a confused glance with his partner as Olga walked away.

...

"Good Girl," Leon muttered with a smile, watching from the window above. Just then, he noticed a little girl passing by the Chief's house and suddenly, an idea came to his mind.

Leon immediately picked up a small wooden decorative coin from the table and dropped it toward the girl.

*Tuk*

"Ouch..." she muttered, looking down and noticing the wooden coin. She picked it up and glanced upward, spotting the open window.

Curious, she studied the coin, turning it over in her fingers.

"You should return it," a voice said from behind her.

Startled, the girl turned around and saw Leon standing there.

"B-Brother Leon..." she gasped.

"That belongs to the Chief, doesn't it ?" Leon asked with a calm smile.

"Yes... I think it fell from the window," she replied.

"Well, go in and return it. Maybe you'll get a reward," Leon said.

"You think so ?" she asked with a wide, excited smile.

"Yeah. Sure," he replied, already walking away.

"Okay then!" she chirped and ran to the door. As soon as she reached it, she noticed that it was already open.

"Sir? Are you here?" she called out, stepping cautiously inside.

The hallway was silent. She crept toward the dining room, guided by instinct and curiosity.

Then she stepped on something slick.

Looking down, she froze. The floor was covered in red, thick and sticky blood.

Following the trail with wide eyes, she slowly looked up at the dining table—and saw Jack's corpse slumped over the table, his head split open, brain matter leaking out.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"

Her scream shattered the silence, echoing across the entire village.

Villagers rushed to the Chief's house in a frenzy. Some stormed inside and were met with the gruesome sight of the corpses.

The little girl was quickly pulled out by her mother and taken home, sobbing hysterically.

While the crowd flooded into the house, Leon walked calmly toward the village's exit.

"Hey, Leon! What's going on?" one of the guards asked as he spotted him.

"Yeah, why is everyone running?" the other added.

Leon's face immediately twisted into a look of horror and panic.

"T-The... Chief and J-Jack... They're murdered!" he stammered, faking fear as his body trembled slightly.

"What the hell?!" the first guard yelled, immediately rushing toward the house.

"Don't worry, just go home. We adults will take care of this," the other said, patting Leon's shoulder before taking off.

"Stupid fucks..." Leon muttered under his breath and quickly slipped away, heading out of the village.

He soon spotted Olga sitting a few steps outside the gate.

"Let's go," Leon said as he approached her.

"But... where are we going?" Olga asked with a confused expression.

"Just come with me," Leon replied as he started walking towards the Vinceral Forest.

...

Ten minutes later, Leon and Olga arrived at the dungeon entrance.

"Elis," Leon called out.

*Swish*

In an instant, Elis appeared at the entrance of the dungeon, bowing deeply.

"Welcome back, Master."

"Take her to the last room," Leon instructed, pointing at Olga.

"As you command, Master. Please follow me..." Elis said, turning to Olga.

"B-But it's so dark in there..." Olga said, her voice shaking.

"Yeah, I'll do something about that tomorrow. Now go in—before a monster makes you his dinner," Leon said, already turning to leave.

With no other option, Olga swallowed her fear and followed Elis into the darkness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92: I don't think, I am comfortable
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving Olga in the dungeon, Leon returned to the village and headed straight for the Chief's house.

As he approached, he saw a large crowd gathered, murmuring and whispering intensely.

'Looks like they took his death really seriously,' Leon thought, stepping closer. Among the crowd, he noticed a man in royal attire standing next to the Chief's corpse.

The man had a long moustache, shoulder-length black hair, sharp black eyes, and a medium build. His expression was one of clear irritation. Two royal knights flanked him, and behind them stood a bodyguard dressed entirely in black.

Leon moved in a little closer and spotted one of the village guards speaking to the nobleman, while his partner stood among the crowd.

"Who is he?" Leon asked the fat guard as he approached him slowly.

"Hmm...? Oh, Leon. That's Viscount Jeffrey Jhons. Our, and the two neighboring Villages, fall under his jurisdiction," the guard explained.

He lowered his voice and continued, "We've got strong reason to believe the Chief was murdered by his own wife. Just a few minutes ago, we saw Madam Olga leaving the village. She looked scared and she was acting really weird. That's what my partner is telling the Viscount right now."

"Oh... I always thought she was pretty innocent," Leon said, maintaining a neutral expression.

"Yeah, me too... but the Chief never treated her right, so... Maybe she wanted revenge." The guard shrugged.

'Well... Plan executed successfully,' Leon thought, a smirk curling across his lips.

Suddenly, Viscount Jeffrey raised his voice to address the crowd.

"Calm down—everyone, calm down. Baron Kael will serve as your new Village Chief, effective tomorrow. He'll take up residence in this mansion and manage all the taxes of this village," the Viscount announced.

"I'll personally see to it that Olga is hunted down and brought to justice. Now go home. Rest easy—justice will be served."

The villagers began dispersing slowly, heading back to their homes after listening to Jeffery's speech.

Leon did the same, walking away quietly with a satisfied smile on his face.

'Tonight was easy… I had the dungeon's support, and these killers weren't exactly impressive. But if I'm put against a real threat again… I don't think I have the right weapon or skillset to survive.

But tonight I figured out something, I know what weapon I want to master. I just need to get that damn dwarf to make it for me.' Leon's expression was serious as he walked through the quiet village.

After five minutes, he finally reached his house.

The gate was still open.

Elaine was sitting on the step, dozing off.

A small smile touched Leon's lips as he approached her. He slowly knelt down beside her and pressed his lips to hers.

*Chuuuuuuuuu*

Elaine stirred at the sensation. Her eyes opened slowly, her hand instinctively reaching up to touch Leon's face.

Leon pulled back after the kiss.

"Leo… you're alive," she whispered, smiling through the tears welling in her eyes.

"Yeah… I'm not dying before I turn you into my proper slut," Leon said with a smirk.

"You horny idiot," Elaine muttered, before leaning in and kissing him deeply again.

*Chuuuuuuuu*

Their lips locked, tongues entwining as the kiss turned wet and intense. They stayed like that for a good thirty seconds—

Until a loud thud echoed from inside the house.

*Thud*

Leon's eyes snapped open.

Standing behind Elaine was Selene. A bowl of milk had fallen to the floor, its contents slowly spreading across the wooden planks.

Selene's eyes were wide. Her mouth hung open in disbelief.

"What the fuck are you two doing!?" she blurted.

"T-This isn't what it looks like! Selene, I-I can explain!" Elaine stammered, jumping to her feet, panic all over her face.

"Come on… It's not like I haven't fucked you too," Leon said with a grin, locking eyes with Selene.

"WHAT!?" Elaine shouted, whipping around to face him, her eyes full of shock.

"Wait... 'too' ?! What the hell is going on in this house!?" Selene demanded, even more stunned.

Leon raised his hands. "Okay… let's close the gate and talk this out like educated—no, civilized—no... fuck it, let's just talk it out."

He stepped inside and shut the door.

Thud.

...

30 minutes of awkward explanations later...

Leon, Selene, and Elaine were seated around the dining table.

"Oh my god… So all those moans I kept hearing in the kitchen—and that night in the bedroom—you were making all those sounds while he was licking and fucking your pussy ?" Selene asked, wide-eyed as she stared at Elaine.

"Yep," Leon replied casually, wearing a shameless grin. Elaine, on the other hand, buried her face in her hands, blushing hard.

"Oh god... You guys are disgusting. Doing it right next to your daughter with your own step-son, really? That's just… disgusting," Selene said, shaking her head in disbelief.

"I know, I'm sorry, Selene," Elaine muttered. "I've never claimed to be a great mother, but let's not act like you're innocent either. You let him fuck you while I was asleep right beside you. And don't even get me started on how you were rubbing your tits all over his back while 'washing' him. I always wondered why it took you two so long to wash your bodies."

"She's not wrong," Leon added, smirking.

Selene turned red. "W-Well… that's not the whole story! He threatened to impregnate me—while he was stuffing his dick into my womb!" she exclaimed, flashing the glowing birth control seal on her lower belly.

"Yeah, he placed one on me as well... I went crazy when the seal took effect." Elaine admitted, lifting her top to reveal her own glowing seal.

Leon leaned forward with a wicked grin. "Well, now that we've got everything out in the open... how about you two slip into something more comfortable—or nothing at all—and we head to the bedroom ? I promise it'll be a night to remember."

Selene and Elaine exchanged glances—both embarrassed.

"I-I don't think, I can do this." Selene spoke.

"Yeah... Me too." Elaine replied.

"What !?" Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"I-I mean, You can continue to fuck us... But, how about we not do it together until we are comfortable." Elaine spoke.

"Yeah, like you can Fuck me first and then fuck Selene after that." Elaine spoke with a smile.

"Oh... Why you ? He can fuck me first and then fuck you, Mom." Selene spoke with a serious expression.

"Well... I am perfectlyyyy fine with that." Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93: A night to remember
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The room was drowned in darkness and silence…

*Schlp-Schlp-Schlp*

The only thing echoing through the dark was the obscene sound of Leon's hungry sucking.

"Just because her tits are leaking milk doesn't mean she gets to be fucked first," Elaine grumbled, sprawled out naked on the other mattress. Her legs were spread, her fingers around her pussy slowly.

Leon lay buried in Selene's lap, his mouth latched tight around her swollen, milky breast. His tongue swirled, lips tugged, as he sucked greedily from her engorged tit like a starved animal. Thick, warm milk coated his tongue and spilled down his throat.

Selene shivered, her fingers wrapped around his cock, pumping it slowly, deliberately. "Mmm… drink it all, pervert brother," she whispered with a wicked smile. "These slutty tits are overflowing for you… and my pussy is also starting to get really wet for your huge cock."

Her voice dripped with heat, matching the steady strokes of her hand sliding up and down his thick shaft, every stroke making Leon feel better.

'Fuck… this is heaven. Warm milk pouring into my mouth… her hand milking my cock… and her pussy's right under me, so wet I can hear it begging to be spread open and filled.' Leon smirked internally, eyes half-lidded in bliss.

Without warning, he sank his teeth into her sensitive nipple.

*Bite*

"Aahhh~ F-Fuck, Leon!" Selene moaned, her body jerking as she gripped his cock tighter. "You just love biting my boobs, don't you?"

"Hey! I'm still lying here naked... If you guys can just get it over with, fast. It's cold." Elaine spoke, jealousy clearly visible in her tone.

"Calm down, Mom… we're having a good time here," Selene spoke with a teasing smile, her hand still working up and down on Leon's thick cock.

"Don't worry. Just keep rubbing that pussy and get it nice and wet, mom… I'll be in it real soon," Leon smirked.

"It's already soaked in pre-cum… and I can't even cum unless your cock's inside me," Elaine replied, her voice low and needy.

"Fine, fine… Get down on all fours, Selene," Leon ordered as he got up from her lap.

"Oh ? Looks like it's my pussy's turn to get fucked," Selene grinned, immediately dropping to her hands and knees and shaking her ass in front of Leon, making her soft ass-cheeks jiggle.

Leon slid his cock between her ass cheeks, grinding it slowly, feeling the warmth of her skin.

"Your ass is so damn thick and fleshy… I need you to sit on my face one day," he muttered as he moved his cock down and started sliding it up and down her wet slit.

Slide–Slide

"Ahhh~ Ahnn~ H-Hey! Don't tease me like that… just fuck my pussy already and I promise that I will wake you up tomorrow by sitting on your face." Selene moaned, pushing her ass back against him.

"You want it ? Then ask me nicely," Leon said with a wicked smile.

"Fine! My dear Brother, please fuck my pussy and empty your balls inside me… I can't even get pregnant, so just go crazy on my womb!" Selene begged, her voice desperate as she bounced her ass needily.

"Very good. Here's your reward, you slut," Leon spoke as he slammed his cock straight into her pussy in one deep thrust.

"Ahhhhhh~!" Selene moaned loud, her back arching as her tight cunt gripped his cock like it was made for him.

"Fucking hell… this tightness," Leon groaned, his eyes closing as he grabbed both of Selene's ass cheeks, squeezing them hard.

*Squeezeeee*

Without mercy, he began pounding her soaked pussy at full speed.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Ahhh~ Ahnn~ A-Anhh~ S-Slowerrr~ Ahhh~ Y-You're slamming me so hard~ Anhhh~ Ahnn~" Selene cried out, her words melting into moans as her body was rocked by Leon's relentless thrusts.

Leon didn't stop. He kept fucking her like an animal, the sound of wet flesh and smacks echoing through the room for a full thirty minutes…

Meanwhile, Elaine was on her knees on the next mattress, lying on her stomach with her ass high in the air, furiously fingering her soaked pussy. The sound of Selene's moans and the sharp slap of Leon's hips drove her mad with lust.

'When is he going to fuck me with that thick, huge cock? My pussy's dripping… I'm addicted to it now. Fuck… what have I become?' Elaine thought as she bit down on the sheets, her fingers working faster, her thighs trembling.

"Shit… I'm gonna cum," Leon spoke, his body leaning over Selene's, one hand gripping her throat while the other squeezed her tit hard. He drove his cock deeper, faster, harder, pistoning into her tight cunt with savage speed.

*Slap–Slap–Slap–Slap–Slap*

"A-Anhhh~ Yesss~ G-Give me everything in your balls~ Ahhhhhh I'm cuuummiiinggg~" Selene screamed, her pussy squirting uncontrollably as her face twisted into a lewd ahegao expression.

Her eyes crossed, tongue rolled out and her back arched as her pussy trembled.

Leon buried his cock deep into her, groaning as he emptied his hot cum into her womb.

*Squirrrt–Squirrrrt*

"Haa… That was goo—" Leon barely got the words out before he was suddenly yanked to the side.

"My turn…" Elaine growled, her eyes wild with need as she grabbed his cum-covered cock and shoved it straight into her mouth, hungrily licking and sucking it clean like a starving slut.

*GWAK–GWAK–GWAK–GWAK*

After slurping his cock clean, Elaine spun around like the needy slut she was and dropped down on all fours, her fat ass jiggling as she started twerking on Leon's rock-hard shaft, grinding her wet folds along it.

"Come on, give it to mommy... Please Leo, I'm begging you," she whined with flushed cheeks. "My pussy lips won't stay closed anymore… they need your thick cock to shut them up."

Leon chuckled darkly. "Oh fuck it… Take this, you cock-hungry slut," he growled, grabbing her hips and ramming his dick deep into her soaked pussy.

*Slap*

Her tight, mature cunt clenched around him like a vice, hungry for every inch. Leon wrapped his arms around her thick waist, groping her soft belly and squeezing her massive, bouncing tits from behind.

He buried his face against her back, breathing her in her scent, then started slamming into her like a horny rabbit, fucking her with fast, savage strokes that made her ass ripple with every thrust.

*Slap–Slap–Slap–Slap–Slap*

"You like that, mom ? Getting stuffed like this ?" he asked with a smile.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"ANHHHHH~ Yes~ Fuck me just like that Leo, mom is your slut~ Don't stop fucking her pussy!" she moaned loudly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94: Julia Klen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon's House – 4:00 AM

*Yaaawn*

Leon slowly blinked awake, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. The room was still dark, and a cold breeze slipped in through the window, brushing against his skin.

He glanced to either side—Selene and Elaine, both completely naked, were curled up beside him, breathing softly in their sleep. A small smirk touched Leon's lips before he carefully slid off the mattress, put on his clothes, and quietly left the room.

*Swish*

A sharp gust of wind crept through a crack near the entrance, making the door creak ever so slightly.

"I've got enough money to rebuild this whole damn house..." Leon muttered as he stretched, "...but the moment I do, the new chief's gonna ask where the hell I got the money from and I don't have a proper buisness.

A big house draws too much attention... fucking annoying. I can either patch this dump up or build a place outside the village and I like the second option more."

With that thought, he grabbed a few candles and a matchbox, then stepped outside.

He started jogging slowly through the still-sleeping village.

'Hmm... adaptive body really is insane. Even when I'm not actively using it, my stamina holds up. I could run for hours like this. But if I try to go full speed... that's when I start to burn out. Maybe one day I'll be able to run at full tilt without even turning it on.' Leon thought with a neutral expression as he continued to run.

As Leon neared the village gates, he noticed the guards—passed out, asleep at their posts. Typical. He didn't bother waking them. But the moment he stepped beyond the village boundaries, he came to a stop.

A thick, heavy mist blanketed the world in white.

"Woah..." he muttered, unable to see anything more than a few feet ahead.

"Adaptive Body." Leon immediately activated the skill.

[Adjusting User's Eyes]

His pupils shifted into narrow slits—cat-like and glowing faintly in the mist. Suddenly, the haze around him seemed to vanish. His vision turned crystal sharp.

"It's like all the fog just disappeared..." Leon grinned as he started running once again.

...

About five hundred meters down the road, something came into Leon's view.

"What the hell is that?" He narrowed his enhanced vision and focused.

A carriage.

Not just any carriage—this one gleamed with expensive polish and golden trim. Two guards on horseback led the way, both decked out in bright silver armor. No doubt it was a Noble carriage.

"Where the fuck are they going this early? The damn sun's not even up." He asked with a very confused expression.

Leon kept his distance, still jogging, pacing himself. But even as he tried to keep out of sight, one of the mounted guards spotted him through the mist.

"Oi! Commoner!" the guard barked loudly, his voice easily cutting through the most.

The carriage and horses came to a halt.

Leon sighed, already annoyed, and turned around with a deadpan look on his face.

"Hup! Get over here, commoner!" the guard repeated, dismounting from his horse and gesturing Leon over like he is some kind of dog.

'How the hell did he see me through all this mist?' Leon thought but walked up, keeping his expression blank.

The guard's eyes widened the moment he got a good look at Leon's face.

"Woah—what the hell's wrong with your eyes?!"

*Blink-Blink*

Leon cocked his head slightly. "What? Something in my eyes?" he asked, casually deactivating the skill. His pupils shifted back to normal as he blinked again, now looking completely human.

"What's wrong?" the other guard asked, glancing at his partner.

"Am I hallucinating or what?" the first one muttered, his eyes squinting as he looked at Leon's face again.

After giving him a second, longer look, the guard finally backed off with a frown.

"Kid, are you from Vernon Village?" his partner asked.

"Yeah..." Leon replied casually.

"Can you show us the way? I think we're a little—"

"Why are we stopping? Did we get lost again?"

A girl's annoyed voice rang from inside the carriage as the window slid open. Her head popped out.

She had short black hair, pale skin, and dark eyes. Not quite pretty, not quite ugly—just average with a noticeable air of superiority.

"Huh...? Who are you?" she asked, eyes narrowing as she scanned Leon up and down.

Leon didn't reply he just stared at her.

"I asked you a question," she repeated, now with irritation in her voice.

"My lady," the guard said quickly, "this commoner belongs to Vernon Village. We were just asking him for directions."

"Can't he talk? Or is his mouth sewn shut?" she snapped with a confused scowl.

'This bitch… what's her problem? Talking like she owns the damn world.' Leon thought, his expression tight as he activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Julia Klen]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 200/200]

[MP: 100/100]

[Description: Daughter of Kael Klen. A dumb and attitude-filled girl who thinks the world revolves around her.]

'Ah... one of those. The kind I like to call "Ultra Bitches."' Leon rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to the guard.

"Excuse me? Did you just roll your eyes at me?" Julia barked, glaring at him.

"These commoner dogs..." she muttered before slamming the window shut.

'If words came out of my mouth, these guards will kill me immediately.' Leon thought.

"If you keep going straight, you'll see the village. Two guards should be sleeping at the front gate," he said, pointing down the road.

"Haha..." The guard sitting on the horse let out a chuckle.

"Hey, kid... what were you even doing out here this early? This mist is thick as hell. I barely spotted you through it," the guard asked, still a bit surprised.

"Just running. Doing some morning exercises," Leon replied with a shrug.

"Huh... Aren't you a lively one. What's your class?" the other guard asked.

"Alchemist," Leon answered.

"Tch... what a shame. If you'd been a swordsman, we might've offered you a job under Sir Kael."

"It is really unfortunate," Leon replied with a fake smile, already turning away. "Now if you'll excuse me, I've to run a little more."

*Slide*

Julia looked out again and noticed Leon running away.

"What a handsome toy... He will be mine and only mine." She spoke with an evil smile as she looked at Leon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95: Slimes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon arrived in front of the Dungeon and descended down the stone stairs.

As he made his way down, he noticed a thin mist lingering inside—but it didn't go beyond the first floor.

'Teleport me to the last room...' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

In an instant, his figure vanished from the stairwell and reappeared in the deepest chamber of the Dungeon.

"I greet my Master," Elis said with a neutral expression, immediately bowing before him.

"Hello, Elis. Where's our guest?" Leon asked with a smile as he pulled out the candles he'd brought from home and began placing them around the throne in the center of the room.

"Our guest is sleeping in that corner, Master," Elis replied, pointing toward the southern edge of the chamber. "I created a raised platform for her to rest on."

Leon turned his head, spotting Olga curled up on a stone bed, sleeping soundly like a child.

Before he could say anything else, Elis spoke again.

"Master... we have visitors."

"Hmm?" Leon gave her a confused look. "What visitors ?"

"Small monsters, Master. About twenty of them. They're on the first floor right now."

"Are they strong? Do you know what they are ?" Leon asked, now serious.

"They're weak... but I can't identify their species without seeing them directly. However, they've made a request to meet you master, which is why they haven't advanced past the first floor." Elis spoke with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon.

'Monsters...?' Leon started thinking but he was interrupted by Elis.

"Should I crush them like I did with that human last time, master ?" Elis added, her tone flat.

"Wait... they want to meet me?" Leon asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes, Master." Elis replied.

Leon paused for a second, then spoke with a neutral expression. "Alright, let's go see them."

"As you command master..." Elis replied.

"And just in case... Threads." He drew his knife, binding it with an invisible mana thread.

Moments later, both Leon and Elis teleported to the first floor.

What greeted them was... unexpected.

Small, green creatures crawled across the stone floor. Their gelatinous, transparent bodies shimmering under the sun rays coming down the stairs from the dungeon's entrance, each with a mana core floating in the center of their bodies.

"Wait... these are slimes, aren't they?" Leon muttered, tilting his head as he activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Class: Slime]

[Race: Monster]

[Level: 1]

[HP: 100/100]

[MP: 50/50]

[Description: A small monster species considered endangered due to their low levels and slow growth. Adventurers often kill them before they can mature or reproduce.]

'Wait... Slimes are endangered ?' Leon thought, still staring at the status screen.

"Prrrrr... Prrrrrr..."

Suddenly, one of the slimes crawled up to Leon's feet, letting out a soft, vibrating hum.

Then, as if on cue, the rest of them followed that slime and started making the same sound.

"Prrrrr..."

"Prrrrr..."

"Prrrrr..."

"Prrrrr..."

...

"What the fuck is wrong with them?" Leon muttered, raising an eyebrow as he watched the strange display.

"Master, they're greeting you in their own language," Elis said, standing beside him.

"You can understand them?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, Master," Elis replied simply.

"Prrrrr... Prrr... Prrrr... Prrrr..."

"I am the leader of this group of slimes, Dungeon Master," Elis translated.

'They acknowledge me as the dungeon master, is it because of my {Dungeon Master} Title ?' Leon thought.

"Ask him why they're here," Leon said, glancing at her.

Elis mimicked the soft sounds—"Prrr... Prrr... Prrr... Prrrr."

"Prrrrr.... Prrrr.... Prrrr.... Prrrr.... Prrrrrrr.... Prrrrrr...." The slime leader responded with a long series of hums and vibrations.

"Master," Elis began, "they say humans have hunted their kind to near extinction. They're here seeking shelter, hoping this dungeon can be their safe home."

"Prrrrr... Prrr.... Prrrr...."

She paused. "They're afraid of you, since you're human, but they believe you're different because you are a dungeon master too. They say this place is their last hope in this whole forest."

Leon stared silently for a moment.

'Even if I killed them, the EXP would be trash... What should I do?' he thought, glancing over the slimes again.

"What can they do ?" Leon asked as he looked at Elis. "Is there anything useful they can offer me or to the dungeon ?"

Elis relayed the question in slime-language.

"Prrr... Prr... Prrrrr... Prrr..."

This time, the slime leader responded with an even longer stream of "Prrrrr"s, pulsing rhythmically as the others hummed along like a chorus.

"They say," Elis began, "after being hunted by humans on the outsides, they fled deep into the forest. But the monsters there were even worse, they hunted them in large groups. So they wandered for a long time—so long, they've memorized every inch of this forest."

She looked at Leon.

"They know every herb, every rare plant, and their exact locations. If you let them stay, they'll share everything they know with you master." Elis replied.

'Information is more valuable than gold. According to my memories, no adventuring party has ever fully mapped the inner forest and no human has ever been to the deep forest. These guys might actually be a good thing to keep around.' Leon thought as a smile spread across his face.

"Alright. They can live on the second floor," Leon said. "But make it clear: if even one of them leads a human or monster to this dungeon, they will be kicked out immediately. No second chances."

Elis translated immediately. "Prrrr... Prrr... Prrrr..... Prrrrrrrrr... Prrrr..."

The slime leader bounced slightly before responding.

"Prrrr.... Prrrr... Prrr... Prrr... Prrr...."

"Master, they say they swear to protect the secret of this dungeon with their lives," Elis relayed. "Also… since they eat dirt, they'll keep the floors clean from moss and grime."

Leon blinked. "Well, that's... helpful."

He stepped aside. "Okay. Go to the second floor."

"Prrr!" Elis chirped in slime-speak, and the slimes began joyfully bouncing toward the stairway.

"I'll head out now," Leon said. "I'll be back soon with some food for Olga and materials you need to build gates and traps for the dungeon."

"In the meantime, talk to them and start gathering some information."

"As you wish, Master," Elis said, bowing before vanishing into thin air.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96: Legendary Blacksmith
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon exited the Dungeon, he noticed that all the mist had cleared up, and now the sun was shining brightly in the sky. However, despite the clear skies, the winds blowing around were still really cold and freezing, biting into his skin with every step he took.

'It's cold... Adaptive Body.' Leon thought as he activated the skill.

[Adjusting Host's Body Temprature]

In just a moment, Leon felt no more cold.

His boots crunched softly against the frozen ground beneath.

As he continued walking, Leon noticed a party of adventurers moving towards the forest with slow, heavy steps, their faces painted with sadness.

Leon instinctively maintained his distance from them, not wanting to attract unnecessary attention, but his sharp ears still managed to catch fragments of their conversation as they passed by.

"This is not good, man... If this kept going, we will lose the war," one of them said, his voice filled with despair.

"Yeah, those Elves are bringing too many mages," another replied, his tone grim.

"I heard that there are some Elves hiding in the Royal Castle as spies, giving them information," a third adventurer muttered, glancing around nervously.

"Losing 300 men in a single day is too much. I don't want to get enslaved by some fucking Elves," another one spat bitterly.

Leon's expression turned thoughtful as he absorbed their words.

'Ah... I forgot that the Human Kingdom is in a war with the Elf Kingdom. But... Did they really lose 300 men to some Elves?

In the mangas that I read back on Earth, these creatures were always portrayed as the wisest and most peaceful beings,' Leon thought to himself, his brows furrowing slightly.

Leon kept moving forward. As he reached the kingdom's outer gate and stepped inside, a heavy, suffocating silence enveloped him. He immediately noticed how different everything felt. The lively chatter and hustle that usually filled the streets were gone.

The market was silent, and every face he saw looked heavy with grief, sorrow casting a long shadow over the bustling kingdom he had seen yesterday. Even the vendors, who were normally shouting to attract customers, sat quietly behind their stalls, their heads bowed low.

Leon's steps carried him further into the middle of the city, curiosity gnawing at him. Then, he noticed a group of people gathered near the fountain in the southern market.

They were lighting candles and kneeling in silent prayer. Curious, Leon approached carefully, not wanting to disturb the people. As he neared the fountain, he peeked down at what they were doing and saw writings beneath the candles.

There were names, countless names scrawled around the base of the fountain—the names of the deceased in the ongoing war.

'K. Catherine, Kraus Kon, Remedy L. Kolank...' Leon started reading the names, but he quickly realized there were far too many for him to read them all. They circled the entire fountain, written in shaky, sorrowful handwriting.

Leon slowly closed his eyes, standing silently for a moment, offering his respects to the fallen. Then, without a word, he continued walking forward...

Eventually, he arrived at Dekkn's Smithy and knocked on the door.

*Knock-Knock*

*Click*

The dwarf from last time peeked through the slightly opened door, his expression neutral.

"You? Again? What do you want?" he asked in his heavy voice.

"I want you to make me a weapon," Leon said with a smile.

"We already talked about this, kid. Did you bring a D-rank or higher dungeon core?" the dwarf asked, confused.

"No, but—"

"Then go to another blacksmith and—" the dwarf began speaking as he started closing the door.

Leon quickly stuck his foot in to stop it.

"What the hell are you doing, kid?" the dwarf growled, glaring.

"I have money," Leon said, revealing a pouch bulging with coins.

The dwarf scowled but opened the door fully. "Bollocks... Come in and shut the damn door."

"Hehe," Leon smiled, stepping inside and closing the door behind him.

"Look, kid... If you want a magic sword, there's stuff I'll need and—"

"I don't want a sword," Leon interrupted, grinning.

"Hm? Then what?" The Dwarf asked with a confused expression.

Leon reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper. He unfolded it and handed it to the dwarf.

"I want you to make this."

The dwarf's curiosity was instantly piqued. He grabbed the paper and studied it closely.

"Hm… What kind of weapon is this? I've never seen anything like it," he muttered.

"Can you make it?" Leon asked.

The dwarf scratched his beard. "It'll be tough... but now that I know how hard it'll be, I want to craft it even more."

"So… you'll do it?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes. But not for the money," the dwarf said, his eyes gleaming with determination. "I'm doing this for the sake of my craft."

Leon smirked. "So... you're not taking any payment?"

"Ten silver," the dwarf grunted. "Five now, five when it's done."

'Why don't you just rip off my skin instead?' Leon thought, feeling the pain in his heart. 'I only got 30 silver coins from the Chief's House… But, I want him to craft this weapon because...'

<Inspect>

[Name: Gerald Lon Kiggester]

[Class: Blacksmith]

[Race: Dwarf]

[HP: 70,000/70,000]

[MP: 35,000/35,000]

[Title: {Legendary Blacksmith} {The Castaway} {Elder Craftsman} {Last Creator} {Cursed Weapon Crafter} {Crafting Specialist}]

[Description: Gerald was once a renowned blacksmith in the Dwarf Kingdom, but due to his forbidden cursed weapon crafting techniques, he was exiled and declared dead.

Now he lives anonymously in the Human Kingdom, crafting only enough to survive day by day.]

'At first, I almost left when he told me to go find another blacksmith… but thankfully, my instincts told me to use Inspect on him. And what I saw was amazing…'

'I've used Inspect on dozens of people, and I've never seen even a single title before. But him? He's carrying six—and they're all insane titles except the castaway one.'

'He's a fucking legendary blacksmith. If he crafts my weapon… the quality will be unmatched.

I don't fucking care about the money if he is making the weapon.' Leon thought, grinning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97: Potion Dealer*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After giving the weapon design to Gerald, Leon exited the shop with a smile on his face and started walking towards Merida's Shop.

But his steps halted in front of an alchemist's shop, where he saw two wagons filled with crates of healing and mana potions.

"We will take more of them once they come, so call your alchemists and get them to prepare more by this evening," two Royal Guards said as they came out of the shop with one more crate of healing potions, both wearing shiny silver armour.

Behind them followed a little old man, probably in his 80s, with a worried expression on his face. He was the owner of the shop.

"B-But... Sir, I don't think they will be able to make this amount in such a—"

"Look, old man, you took the contract... Now you will have to fulfill it. I don't know how you will do it... Because if the order is not filled by the evening, a lot of people are gonna die on the battlefield, and you will be held responsible for their deaths," the Royal Guard spoke with a serious expression, grabbing the old man's collar.

"B-But most of my alchemists are too tired from all the work I have been giving them for the last three days, Sir, and they have threatened to leave me if I give them any more work... Please try to understand my situation," the shop owner pleaded.

"Old man... You are going to—"

"How much do you want?" Suddenly, Leon asked from behind.

Both the guards immediately turned around and looked at Leon with confused expressions.

"What?"

"Commoner... Stay out of this. We are the Royal Guards, can't you see?" one of the guards said with a serious expression.

"I can see, and that's why I came to you guys. I know some alchemists who can get your work done really fast.

So, how much do you want?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Kid... We need 300 Minor Healing Potions and 300 Minor Mana Potions by the evening," the other guard said with a neutral expression.

"I can get it done in two hours," Leon replied with a neutral expression.

'I have Instant Craft skill, and I can craft any number of potions with it easily. This is a perfect opportunity to level it up and make some money while doing it,' Leon thought.

"How can we trust you? What if you just took the money and ran away?" the guard asked, letting go of the old man's collar.

"Well... I don't need your money," Leon replied.

"What? So, will you invest your own money to make the potions?" the guard asked, confused.

"Yes... I will take the payment after I deliver the potions," Leon replied with a smile.

"Listen to me, kid... This is a big responsibility we are talking about here. If you fail to do what you are promising, I will make sure you get proper punishment because I am believing you and I don't even know you.

I don't care where you live or who you are... You deliver what you promised just now, and you will receive the money.

If you couldn't deliver what you promised, I will find you. You understand?" the guard asked.

"I understand... Now, let's talk about the price," Leon replied with a smile.

"What about the price? We will give you the market rate — 5 coppers for a Healing Potion and 4 coppers for a Mana Potion," the guard replied.

"10 coppers for a Healing Potion and 8 coppers for a Mana Potion. That's my price," Leon replied.

"WHAT!?" both guards shouted at the same time.

"Oi, kid... Are you fucking with us?" one of the guards asked with an angry expression as he walked forward and grabbed Leon's collar.

"You chose the quantity and time for the potions. I choose the price, and it just went up to 12 coppers for a Healing Potion and 10 coppers for a Mana Potion," Leon spoke with a neutral expression, looking the guard dead in the eyes.

"What did you—"

"Oi, oi, oi... Leave his collar. Leave it..." his partner said hurriedly and slapped his hand away.

Slap

"Look, kid... I'm sorry for my partner's temper. He gets angry really fast," his partner spoke.

"Yeah, I can see that..." Leon replied as a smirk spread across his face and he adjusted his collar.

"Look, your prices are very high, and those soldiers who are dying on the battlefield need these potions, so please lower the prices..." he said with a polite expression.

"Guess who will be held accountable for their deaths? Me, who didn't make the potions, or you, who didn't deliver the potions?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Just beat the crap out of him and let's look for other shops," the guard shouted from behind.

"I will go back to the previous rates if he apologizes to me by bowing down," Leon said with a smile as he pointed at the guard.

"Oh hell no... I am not bowing down to this commoner or saying—" Before he could finish his sentence, he noticed that his partner was looking at him with a smile.

"Come with me," the guard said as he pulled him behind the wagons, and both of them started talking.

"I am not bowing to a commoner. I am a Royal Guard!"

"Yeah, but not for long... Once the general finds out that he is running low on healing potions, what will you do then?

Aren't you the one who opened his big mouth and promised him 700 healing and mana potions by the evening?

We both know there aren't any alchemist shops in this whole kingdom that can make that many potions till the evening.

That commoner is our last chance at becoming knights. So, either you save your fragile ego and walk away, or do as he says.

Because if you walk away, people will die in the war because of you and me," the guard said, pointing towards Leon.

'FUCK... Fine," the guard shouted as they both walked up to Leon, and he immediately went down on his knees.

"I-I am s-sorry... K-Kid, please give us the potions at 10 coppers and 8 coppers," the guard said heavily.

"Fine... Meet me back here in two hours," Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98: Pure Mana
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Alchemist's Shop...

Leon stood near the counter while the old man picked up some crates of empty glass vials from under it.

"Kid... You don't know what you've done. Even if you had ten alchemists with you, the amount they've given you is too much to make in two hours.

I would've completed the order myself, but three of my alchemists are Velthorne Academy students, and they refused because their monthly duels are coming early this month... I think it's in two days," the old man said.

"I see," Leon replied.

'Hmm... I'll have to go to the Monthly Duels too, since it was clearly stated in the Non-Attending Students clause,' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

*Thud*

"Here are your 600 empty vials, and those boxes over there are filled with Hermit and Limin Tree leaves.

All of this will cost you 14 silvers, with a 2 silver discount from my side, since I failed to complete the contract. I hope your alchemists can complete it in time, kid," the old man said.

"What about pure mana?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"What about it?" the old man replied.

"Don't I have to buy that?" Leon asked.

"No one sells pure mana, kid. Alchemists can easily make it on their own. It's not that hard... Your alchemists should know about it," the old man said.

"I see... Here," Leon said, handing over the 14 silvers.

"So, how are you going to take all this? Do you have a slave or a wagon?" the old man asked.

"How much do you think this crate of empty vials weighs?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"This ? I don't know... 7–8 kilos," the old man replied.

"What about the boxes of leaves?" Leon asked.

"If you pick up both at the same time... I think the weight should be around 20 to 22 kilos. But why are you asking about their weight?" the old man asked, puzzled.

"Threads..." Leon muttered, immediately binding an invisible mana thread to a small wooden statue mounted on the wall behind the old man.

*Pull*

Leon pulled his hand back, and the statue immediately fell to the ground.

*Thud*

"What the- !? How did this fall down?" the old man asked, confused, as he bent down to pick it up.

He picked up the statue, and when he stood up again, he noticed the shop was empty. Leon was gone — and so was all the stuff he had just bought.

"Where did that guy go?" the old man muttered, looking around with a puzzled expression.

...

After leaving the Alchemist's Shop, Leon stared at his inventory.

There were nine slots in total — three filled with leaves and empty vials, one holding a matchbox, and one holding a sharp knife.

Four slots remained empty.

"Let's buy something to eat for Olga," Leon said as he stopped at a fruit shop and bought some fruits.

'Now, I need to learn how to make pure mana and to learn that, I'll need to go to the Helix Library again,' Leon thought as he immediately started walking towards it.

After walking for about 10 minutes, Leon reached the Helix Library.

He entered inside and noticed it was much busier than usual.

Even the first floor was crowded with people.

"Sir Leon, you're back!" a familiar voice rang out.

Leon immediately turned to his right and saw Rita standing there with a smile, hugging the same book to her chest as last time.

"Ah... Rita. How are you?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I'm good! How about you?" Rita asked.

"Yeah, I'm still alive," Leon replied.

"Looking for dungeon-related books again?" Rita asked with a smile.

"No, no... I'm looking for alchemy books — ones that can teach me how to make pure mana," Leon said.

"Oh... Are you an alchemist?" Rita asked with a smile, continuing to stare at his face.

"Yeah," Leon replied with a neutral expression.

'Is there something on my face? Or do I look funny?' Leon wondered, unable to understand why Rita was smiling while looking at him.

"That's good... Very good," Rita said, drifting into her own thoughts, her smile growing wider.

"So... Can you show me the way to...?" Leon asked, waving his hand in front of her face.

"O-Oh, yes! Please come with me," Rita said, snapping out of her thoughts and walking towards the right side of the first floor.

"So... Why is it so crowded today?" Leon asked, confused.

"All the magic academies except Velthorne Academy decided to move their final exams to next month, because of the unfortunate deaths of soldiers on the battlefield last night.

These students are getting ready for their exams so they can pass and serve the kingdom," Rita explained.

"Ah... I see," Leon replied with a neutral expression as they stopped in front of a bookshelf.

Rita looked through some books before pulling out a small one.

She opened it and flipped through its pages carefully before stopping at one page and pointing her finger at it.

"This is the one. Here you go, Mr. Leon — this should help you," Rita said, handing him the book.

Leon looked at the page carefully and saw the heading:

[Making of Pure Mana]

"Well, enjoy your reading and if you need anything, just wave your hand and I will be here," Rita said, smiling as she left.

"Thanks," Leon replied as he started reading.

---

[• Pure Mana is often used in making potions and enchanting weapons. Although it is a powerful chemical, it can be easily made by anyone.

• In order to make pure mana, one must know how to feel and control their own mana.

• The most efficient way to gain control over your mana is to close your eyes and feel it around and inside your body.

• Once you feel the mana, start concentrating a large amount at your fingertip.

When concentrated, the mana will automatically turn into a shiny blue-colored liquid and drip from your finger.

• The stronger your concentration, the more pure mana you can generate.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99: Mana Expulsion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After carefully reading through the process described in the book, Leon closed his eyes and focused.

He took a deep breath, letting the air slowly fill his lungs, and emptied his mind of everything else.

He concentrated solely on the sensation he was looking for — the elusive presence of mana within his body.

One Minute passed.

At first, there was only silence within him. But then, faintly, he began to feel something stir — like a hidden current travelling through his body.

'I think... I can feel it,' Leon thought.

'There's something... moving through me. It's like a river flowing smoothly, gentle yet powerful... and yet, it feels strangely familiar, like blood circulating through my veins.' Leon remained still and started controlling the mana within his body slowly.

A group of noble kids from Pheonix Academy of Mages, were sitting on a bench near the shelf and one of them spoke up as he pointed towards Leon.

"Hey, Look at that idiot."

"Hmmm...? What is he doing ?" Another one asked with a confused expression as a smile appeared over his face.

"I think he just fell asleep... Let's wake him up."

"I know how to wake him up." A guy with blond hairs spoke as he raised his hand towards Leon and started casting a spell.

Leon slowly opened his eyes and this feeling that he felt right now was something else,

'I can feel it... I can feel the mana within me and the mana around me.

Now, let's try to make some pure mana.' Leon thought to himself He carefully began guiding the flow, urging it to move toward the index finger of his right hand.

The mana was moving slowly towards his finger, Leon felt it.

Suddenly, A small water ball appeared over his head.

"Stop casting..." A student in the group who was wearing glasses over his eyes, focused on Leon's finger as he removed his glasses and placed them on the table.

"Oh come on Justin... Let us enjoy a bit. You are-"

"I said stop the fucking casting or I will kill you." Justin spoke as he looked at him with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes." The blonde haired guy immediately stopped casting and the water ball disappeared.

As the mana pooled into Leon's finger, he noticed it growing heavier.

The sensation was odd — not painful, but not comfortable either, it was like pulling out splinters out of his finger.

Still, Leon gritted his teeth and maintained his focus.

Bit by bit, the weight intensified.

Then, finally, a small, shimmering drop of blue liquid formed at the very tip of his finger, glowing faintly.

*Tap*

The droplet detached, falling onto the ground.

As soon as it touched the floor, a crisp notification blinked in front of Leon's eyes.

> [-1 M.P.]

'Hah... Looks like I misunderstood something.' Justin thought as he closed his eyes in disappointment and started picking up his glasses.

'Just one mana for—' Before Leon could even finish the thought, a violent jolt shot through his entire body.

[+35798 M.P.]

Every muscle in his body tensed up like iron cables being pulled taut. His heart slammed against his chest, his vision blurred for a second — and then—

[-5000 M.P.]

*Srrrrrrr*

A brilliant blue beam of pure mana erupted from his fingertip.

It lanced downward with devastating force, punching a clean, smoking hole straight through the library's stone floor, as effortlessly as a hot knife slicing through butter and made almost no sound.

[+35820 M.P.]

"Oh shit..." Leon stumbled backward, his eyes wide in shock as he immediately broke the mana flow.

All the students of Phoenix Mage Academy immediately stared at him with utter confusion, like they weren't sure if they were seeing reality or a hallucination.

"D-Did he just created a hole in the ground ?" Justin asked his mouth wide open in shock.

"H-He did..." His partner replied.

Without wasting a second, Leon slammed the book shut, shoved it roughly back onto the shelf — and bolted out of the library.

'Fucking hell, what the fuck was that?!' His mind raced, completely unable to comprehend what had just occurred.

"Ouch..." Suddenly a sharp, stabbing pain flared in his finger.

He immediately pulled his hand out of the pocket and looked at it with wide eyes.

His finger has turned purple and swollen, as if it was crushed by a giant anvil.

"What the fuck? Heal!" Without wasting another second, he activated his healing skill.

Soft green light enveloped his injured finger as he started walking toward Vinceral Forest.

The healing process was slow.

It took nearly thirty continuous minutes of focused casting before the swelling subsided, and his finger returned to its normal size and color.

A small notification floated in front of him.

[Minor Heal (F5)]

Leon absently dismissed it, but his mind was still replaying the scene that happened in library over and over again.

He stood in front of the dungeon, deep in thought.

"Should I try that one more time?" Leon whispered, his voice neutral as he started thinking about it.

30 seconds passed and Finally, he shrugged...

'Eh... fuck it. What's the worst that can happen? My finger can get destroyed?

But if I don't try it again... the curiosity will eat my mind.' Leon thought as he immediately bent down and picked up a small, smooth stone from the ground. He placed it carefully on the dirt and holded his right hand's index finger above the stone abd began channeling mana into his index finger once again.

The familiar heaviness returned almost immediately, stronger this time, like a deep throbbing pulse at the tip of his finger.

Sweat beaded his forehead as he kept his focus razor-sharp. Bit by bit, a second droplet of pure mana formed.

*Tip*

The drop fell onto the stone. Another notification appeared.

[-1 M.P.]

And then, once again, Leon's muscles locked up violently.

[+38950 M.P.]

His chest felt like it was about to rip itself apart from the inside.

"FUCK..." The pain was sharp, electric, seizing his entire body in a vice-grip.

*Srrrrrrrrr*

[-5000 M.P.]

The beam of pure mana shot out once again, piercing through the stone with such ease that it almost seemed unreal — the stone crumbled apart, reduced to fragments in one second.

[+38950 M.P.]

Leon immediately broke the mana flow, breathing heavily.

*Huff-Huff*

He noticed his finger was already beginning to swell again, turning a sickly shade of purple.

"Fuck... Now, I understand what's happening. Heal." He muttered to himself, gritting his teeth as he casted heal on his finger.

'Every time I try to create Pure Mana... I force mana into my finger. But because my mana cap is only 500 right now, I have to focus incredibly hard to manipulate the mana in my body.

And as soon as I lose that 1 mana... because of the {Mana Return} skill, my mana is regenerated automatically in a very huge amount.

But the mana cap prevents me from absorbing all of it and if the mana is not absorbed by my body it will get expelled.

But, if I am already expelling it out of my finger... It will take that route.

Mana is acting like electric current and it's choosing my body as a medium to get out because my finger is already expelling it but why is it stopping at 5000 ? Is it my body's limit ?

It's like I am holding a wire of electricity in one hand and trying to conduct current... But, What if I give it a machine to work with ?" Leon thought as an idea came to his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100: I have to go to the toilet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon pushed himself off the ground and raised his left hand toward a nearby tree.

'If I use two skills at once, there's a universal skill cooldown of one second between their activations— that's when my mana recovery kicks in.

If I use Mana Threads alongside any other skill, there'll be a one-second delay before the second skill activates, giving me just enough time to recover the mana I spent.

But... if I create pure mana instead of using it normally, the loss isn't magical —it's physical.

Meaning, within that one-second window, I could activate a skill, and if I'm right, all the recovered mana will surge into it.

If I'm wrong.. well, what's the worst that could happen? I'll just explode into pieces.' Leon thought as shivers went through his spine.

But Without hesitation, he focused his mana into the tip of his right hand's middle finger.

And a droplet of pure mana began to form on his fingertip.

*Tip*

[-1 M.P.]

As soon as the notification popped up, Leon immediately channeled his skill.

"Threads," he whispered.

The moment the word left his lips, his entire body locked up. It was as if an overwhelming force crushed him into immobility. His muscles wouldn't respond; even breathing became a conscious effort.

'What the hell? I can't move... my fucking body!' Leon screamed internally as notifications flooded his vision.

[-40098 M.P.]

[Warning: Dire Situation Detected. Protocol 707 has been initiated.]

[Mana Overload Detected.]

[Warning: Host's body and level are insufficient to handle the current mana load.]

[Self-Harm Detected. Shutting down Host's brain to prevent death.]

"Wha-" Leon barely managed to utter before darkness swallowed him whole. His body collapsed to the ground.

---

30 Minutes Later...

Blink. Blink.

Leon groaned as he slowly opened his eyes, feeling like his brain had been put through a blender and it's still going on inside his skull.

"Fucking hell... I feel like absolute shit," he muttered, rubbing his forehead and grabbing it tightly.

Forcing himself to his feet, he stumbled into the dungeon and teleported straight to the last room.

"I greet my master..." Elis said, immediately bowing deeply.

Leon winced, pressing a hand to his head as he staggered to the throne and slumped onto it, gripping the armrests tightly to steady himself.

<Adaptive Body>

(Adjusting Heart Rate...]

(Adjusting Stamina Levels...)

[Adapting to Current Condition...]

[Condition Saved: [Extreme Fatigue}]

[Note: Body will adapt faster to similar conditions in the future.]

[Note: Immediate food consumption recommended.)

Leon let out a tired laugh.

"That Notification, system's not wrong... My body's way too weak to handle that much mana. And my level is still not that high either..." he muttered bitterly.

"But... what the hell is Protocol 707? I remember seeing it activate during the wolf attack too.

Is it some kind of safety protocol that goes off when I get in Danger?" Leon questioned in a low voice.

"Leon...? Is that you?" came a familiar voice from the southern corner.

"Yes, It's me." Leon blinked, slowly turning his head.

Relieved, he forced himself up and pulled out a matchbox from his inventory, lighting the candles placed around the throne.

Grabbing one of the candles, he walked over to Olga.

"Here….. eat something," he said, summoning the fruits from his inventory and handing them to her.

"T-Thanks..." Olga stammered before devouring the fruits like a starved animal.

*Nom-Nom-Nom*

"Looks like they weren't feeding you anything." Leon chuckled lightly and grabbed an apple for himself, biting into it.

Olga didn't answer and continued to eat the fruits.

As he chewed the apple, he summoned materials for potion crafting and arranged them on the ground.

"I better slow down with these experiments... or next time, I'll really blow myself up," he spoke in a low voice, turning to Elis.

"Hey, Elis. By any chance can you create pure mana?"

"You mean... Liquid Mana, Master?" she asked, tilting her head.

"Yeah, I think you can call it that." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes, Master. I can create it easily... but transforming my mana into liquid form will drain me very quickly."

"Don't worry. I'll feed you more mana later. Just fill all these empty vials," Leon ordered.

"As you command, Master," Elis replied obediently, beginning her task.

Leon slumped back onto the throne and closed his eyes.

"Wake me up when you're done," he murmured.

"As you wish master." Elis replied.

30 Minutes Later...

"...ter... Master... Master, please wake up."

Elis' voice gently pulled Leon back to consciousness.

Blink. Blink.

"Hmm..?" Leon opened his eyes and saw Elis' face.

"Master, I've filled the vials with Liquid Mana," Elis reported.

"Good... *yaaawn*," Leon stretched and yawned loudly, standing up and walking over to the materials.

Neatly arranged in front of him were dozens of vials filled with a blue liquid.

"Alright... Let's get to work," Leon said, raising his hand.

"Instant Craft."

[Select Potion Type]

(Minor Mana Potion]

[Minor Healing Potion]

"Three hundred Minor Mana Potions. Three hundred Minor Healing Potions," Leon commanded.

In an instant, all the Limin Tree leaves and 300 vials of Liquid Mana glowed brightly, merging to form 300 Minor Healing Potions.

Right after, the Hermit Tree leaves and the remaining vials gleamed, transforming into 300 Minor Mana Potions.

[Instant Craft (F2): {30/30}]

[Instant Craft (F3): {500/500}]

[Cooldown: 23:59:59]

"Ah, it leveled up twic- ...Wait, twice!?" Leon's eyes widened in surprise.

Excited, he rushed over to the healing potions and picked up one from the starting batch.

< Inspect >

[Name: Minor Healing Potion]

(Rank: F)

[Type: Consumable]

[Effect: Instantly recovers 100 HP and heals minor injuries.]

Grinning, he grabbed another potion from the middle of the stack and used < Inspect > again.

[Name: Minor Healing Potion]

[Rank: F]

[Type: Consumable]

[Effect: Instantly recovers 105 HP and heals minor injuries.]

"And this one heals 5 more HP..." he muttered with a smile.

Finally, he picked up a potion from the last batch and inspected it.

[Name: Minor Healing Potion]

(Rank: F)

[Type: Consumable)

[Effect: Instantly recovers 110 HP and heals minor injuries.)

"Ten more HP healed... Just like I thought. The later potions benefited from the skill's level-ups." Leon spoke with a wide smile.

"L-Leon..." Olga voice came from the other side.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned around and noticed that both of her hands are in-between her thighs.

"I-I have to go to the toilet." She spoke with a desperate expression.

[Author: We made it to 100 Chapters Guys. I just love you.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101: I will deliver it myself
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I-I need to go to the toilet," Olga said, her voice urgent as she looked at Leon with pleading eyes.

Leon scratched his head. "Yeah, I figured you'd need that. Give me a second. Elis, come with me."

"Yes, Master," Elis replied, immediately following him as he strode toward the far west corner of the room.

Olga shifted from foot to foot, her face twisted in discomfort. "H-Hey... can you guys hurry up? I-I don't think I can hold it much longer!"

Leon crouched down, glancing at Elis with a confused expression. "Think you can make it?"

"As you command, Master," Elis answered confidently as she placed her hand on the ground, and immediately, the floor trembled. A hole formed near the western wall, and three stone walls rose around it, creating a makeshift toilet.

"It's ready, Master," Elis said, standing up as she looked at Leon.

"Good. Now, fetch me one of those slimes," Leon ordered.

"As you command, master" Elis replied as she vanished from the sight.

"Leon... please….. I-I can't hold it anymore," Olga whined desperately.

*Boing-Boing*

A green slime suddenly bounced into the room, Elis following close behind it.

"Oh my god! It's a monster! It's a monster" Olga screamed, immediately hiding behind Leon as her soft boobs squeezed against his back.

"Calm down," Leon said, frowning. "Elis, did you explain the task to it ?"

"Yes, Master. Slimes can easily consume human waste," Elis answered.

"Perfect. Tell it to get in the hole." Leon ordered.

"Understood, Master."

"Prrrr... Prrr... Prrr..." Elis immediately relayed the message to the Slime.

*Boing-Boing*

The slime obediently hopped into the makeshift toilet and settled into the hole.

"You can go now," Leon spoke with a smile as he turned to look at Olga.

"B-But a monster just went in there... I-I can't go in there!" Olga cried, still hiding behind him.

"That slime won't hurt you. Go," Leon said.

"I don't want to go in there... What if it tried to go inside me through my holes?" Olga asked with a suspicious expression.

"Then keep standing here... I would love to see you pee in your panties." Leon replied with a perverted smile.

"...F-Fine, I-I will go. But if I die in that toilet, I'm haunting you," Olga muttered as she cautiously stepped toward the toilet.

Meanwhile, Leon walked over to the nearby potions and swiftly stored them into his inventory.

"I'm heading out. Got a delivery to make," he said to Elis before disappearing in a flash.

"As you wish, Master," Elis bowed.

"Hey... I think the slime is eating my pee!" Olga's voice echoed from the toilet.

...

After exiting the dungeon, Leon noticed it was already noon. Without wasting time, he began heading toward the Kingdom.

As he walked, he spotted a small party of three adventurers making their way toward the forest, their expressions grim.

Passing by them, Leon caught snippets of their conversation.

"Another attack? So soon?"

"I doubt the southern border will hold much longer."

"All we can do now is pray for the reinforcements to arrive in time..."

'Another attack? Are the elves hitting the southern border again?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

Upon reaching the Kingdom, Leon made his way toward the Alchemist's Shop where he had met the Royal Guards earlier.

After about ten minutes of walking, he arrived at the shop, only to find no guards in sight.

"Huh..? They're not here? It's already been two hours," Leon muttered, glancing around.

*Click*

The shop door creaked open, and the old shop owner stepped out and looked at Leon.

"Oh, it's you, kid. No need to worry about the potions. They won't be needed it anymore," he said in a flat voice.

"What? Why?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"There's been another attack on the southern border. The supply wagons already left an hour ago," the old man replied with a sigh.

'Damn it... these potions are useless to me now. Even my Minor Healing skill is better than them. And I need that money for dungeon materials...' Leon thought bitterly.

"What if I deliver them myself?" Leon asked suddenly.

The old man chuckled.

"Kid, even if you took the fastest wagon, it'd still take you at least five hours to go around the Vinceral Forest and the war is going on, right now.

These potions were meant for the frontline soldiers— to patch up small wounds quickly during the battle.

By the time they're seriously injured, they're either dead or waiting for healers to heal them. Potions are practically useless at that point and I hate to say this... But, in the next five hours... They will reach that point."

"But…. couldn't they still use them later?" Leon asked.

"This is the last line of defense on the southern border. If today's battle is lost, it's over.

Reinforcements are on their way, but they might not make it in time," the old man said grimly before going back inside

Suddenly nn idea sparked in Leon's mind.

Without wasting another second, he bolted toward the wagon station.

"Vinceral Forest..." Leon spoke as he jumped into an empty wagon.

"Whoa, slow down, kid! I can't just leave with one passenger —" the driver began but stopped when Leon tossed him five copper coins.

"Move."

"Can't say no to money..." The driver smirked as he pocketed the coins, and cracked the reins.

*Stch*

Within ten minutes, Leon arrived at the edge of the Vinceral Forest. He leapt from the wagon and sprinted toward the dungeon.

Once inside, Leon teleported directly to the final floor.

"Welcome back, Master," Elis said, bowing once again.

"Elis... you said the slimes know all the forest routes, right?" Leon asked.

"Yes, Master," Elis replied.

"How fast could they get me through the forest?"

"I will find out immediately, master" Elis said before vanishing.

Nearby, Olga approached with a hopeful expression. "Leon... could you bring me a mattress next time you visit the market?"

"Yeah, sure. But don't you want to leave this place?" Leon asked with a confused smile.

Olga shook her head. "No... I actually like it here. No one yells at me. I don't feel like a burden anymore. Plus, I can also practice my water magic here-something my family never allowed.

I hope you don't mind, because I can also clean this place and make you some food if you bring me the ingredients." she said nervously.

"Wait... you're a Mage?" Leon asked, blinking in surprise as he immediately used his skill on her.

[Name: Olga]

[Class: Mage)

(Race: Human)

[HP: 100/100]

(MP: 50/50]

(Description: A mage who barely ever used magic and knows every household work.]

Before Olga could answer, Elis returned with a slime bouncing behind her.

"Master, this slime knows the shortest path through the forest," Elis reported.

Leon crouched down. "Alright, how long will it take without getting me killed?"

"Prrrr... Prir... Prrr..." Elis and the slime exchanged sounds once again.

"Fifteen minutes, Master," Elis said.

"What !?" Leon spoke as his eyes widened in shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102: Worldroot Tree
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Elis... that forest is over a hundred kilometers wide, and it's filled with dangerous creatures.

I want to make it to the other side in one piece, not get torn apart halfway through. I don't think it's possible to cross all that distance in just fifteen minutes," Leon said seriously, glancing at Elis with a doubtful look.

"Prer. Prrr..?"

"Prrr. Prrr.."

The slime and Elis started communicating again, exchanging soft, strange noises between them.

They continued their conversation for nearly two full minutes and suddenly Elis turned towards him.

"Master, the slime says it has crossed the entire forest within fifteen minutes before-without encountering any dangers during this time of day.

It also claims that all the truly dangerous monsters only come out at night. The slime is asking for your trust, Master,

It says, if you trust it... You will be able to cross the forest within 15 minutes." Elis explained calmly, her face completely neutral.

Leon eyed the slime, watching it bounce eagerly up and down on the ground.

"Fucking hell... Fine. Let's just get this over with. Meet me outside the dungeon," Leon said with a sigh, before disappearing instantly into the thin air.

He then reappeared at the dungeon's exit. Just a few seconds after, the slime came bouncing out, landing softly on the ground beside him.

"Wait... Let me do something first," Leon said as he activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

(Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Silent Steps," Leon spoke quickly, not wasting time.

[Skill 'Silent Steps' has been created.]

(Rank settled at 'F' by default.)

[State the use of the skill.]

'I am making this type of skill for the first time... Please don't get fucked up,' Leon thought nervously as he started speaking.

"When activated, this skill will immediately mute the sound of the user's footsteps and with every ten steps taken, the user will gain one stealth stack, but lose 100 mana for every stack gained.

Each stealth stack will increase the user's overall stealth by 1%. All accumulated stacks will disappear once the skill is turned off."

(Processing...]

(Description accepted.]

Leon's face lit up with a grin. "Fuck yes... System always accepts mana hungry skills."

[Please select the chant for the skill {Silent Steps}.]

"Stealth," he answered without hesitation.

[Chant 'Stealth' has been selected.)

[Estimated mana cost: 20 mana to activate, 100 mana per stealth stack.)

[Cooldown after use: 5 minutes.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it," Leon said immediately.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned [Silent Steps}!]

"Good... Let's move out," Leon said as he pointed at the forest.

Boing-Boing

The slime happily bounced forward, leading the way into the dense forest.

Leon activated his new skil immediately.

"Stealth."

A faint shimmer surrounded him as the sound of his footsteps disappeared completely. Every ten steps, a subtle notification popped up in front of him.

[+1 Stealth Stack (1)]

(-100 MP)

(+67976 MP)

10 minutes passed as they moved deeper into the woods, the slime bouncing happily ahead while Leon silently gained stealth stacks step after step.

Boing-Boing -Boing

'I haven't seen a single monster yet.. Seems like this slime actually knows the safest route through this forest,

These guys are more useful than I thought' Leon thought with a growing smile—until suddenly, the slime took a sharp right turn, heading west instead of south.

"What the fuck...? Hey! I need to head south, not west!" Leon shouted, pointing toward the direction he needed to go.

Boing-Boing-Boing

The slime bounced rapidly in place, stubbornly insisting Leon to follow it.

"Fucking hell... I should've crafted a skill to talk to slimes," Leon grumbled as he reluctantly followed after the slime.

Five more minutes passed. The forest remained suspiciously quiet.

'Is this forest really supposed to be dangerous? I haven't seen even a single monster yet, even if this slime knows safe routes, there has to be some monsters.' Leon thought, glancing around cautiously.

Suddenly, the slime stopped in front of a massive tree, looking around as if searching for something.

"Huh...? What are you looking for?" Leon asked, puzzled. He noticed the slime wasn't reacting to his voice at all.

"Ah... right. My stacks," Leon muttered, quickly checking his status screen.

[Stealth Stack (107)]

"No wonder he can't see or hear me," Leon said to himself as he immediately deactivated his skill.

"I'm right here," Leon said aloud.

Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing

The slime started bouncing excitedly once again as it noticed Leon.

"Prrr. Prrr... Prrr...."

"Still can't understand a word you're saying, are you telling me to follow you?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

*BOING*

The slime then launched itself toward the tree— and instead of colliding with it, it vanished right into the trunk.

Leon blinked, rubbed his eyes, and stared harder. "No way... That just happened."

He hesitantly reached out to the tree's trunk— and his hand slipped right through the bark as if it wasn't even there.

Without delay, Leon used his inspecti skill on the tree.

< Inspect >

[Name: Worldroot Tree]

[Race: Tree)

[Rank: Unknown]

[Description: A mysterious tree that continuously moves throughout the forest.)

'Unknown rank... and what do you mean it moves?' Leon thought with a very confused expression.

*Boing-Boing-Boing*

The slime came out of the tree once again, trying to get Leon's attention.

"You want me to go inside?" Leon asked, pointing at the tree.

Boing!

"Well, Fuck it.." Leon muttered, stepping forward.

As soon as he entered inside the trunk, he was pulled down a slippery tunnel.

"AHHHHHHH-!" Leon shouted as he tumbled helplessly through the darkness, trying to grip the things around him but it was too smooth to get a grip on it.

After a sharp curve, he was suddenly flung out by the tree, hitting soft grass with a loud thud.

*THUD*

"Fuck..." Leon groaned, feeling the ground beneath him.

Boing-Boing- Boing

The slime bounced around happily as if nothing had happened. I

Leon stood up, looking around — and froze when he saw that the tree was completely gone.

"Where did the tree go..?" he asked, bewildered.

Then a loud, urgent voice shouted nearby.

"Get him back to the tent—hurry!"

Leon quickly turned toward the sound and saw human soldiers dragging injured comrades toward a cluster of tents.

His eyes widened in realization.

"I-I'm... already at the southern border?" Leon asked, his voice filled with shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103: The god's messenger
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alright... Slime, you did really great," Leon said, kneeling beside the slime as he gently patted its squishy body.

*Pat-Pat*

*Boing-boing*

The slime bounced in response, almost joyfully, as if acknowledging his praise.

Leon narrowed his eyes. "...Wait a minute. Can you understand what I am saying ?"

*Boing-Boing*

The slime jumped twice again.

"Jump once if you understand what I'm saying right now," Leon tested, his eyebrows raising.

*Boing*

Leon stared at the slime, a mixture of surprise and curiosity in his gaze.

"So... you really can understand human language. What about the others ? The other slimes—can they understand me too? Jump once if yes."

*Boing*

"Unbelievable... Why didn't Elis tell me this before ?" Leon muttered, rubbing his chin.

"Okay, we'll talk more about this later. For now, stay here. You can rest or take a stroll in the forest, but don't come out. Understood?"

*Boing*

The slime settled down after bouncing once again on the ground like a loyal dog waiting for its owner, its soft body gently jiggling as it relaxed.

"Good..." Leon spoke as he stepped out of the dense forest, his boots crunching softly against the blood-stained grass. What lay before him was no longer a battlefield—it was a graveyard.

Corpses of both humans and elves littered the open fields. Severed limbs and shattered weapons were strewn across the terrain.

The once green grass was now soaked crimson, heavy with the stench of iron and rot. Flies buzzed over bloated bodies. Smoke lingered faintly in the air from earlier spells and fireballs.

'Fucking hell... I want to puke.' Leon thought as he immediately pulled out a red cloth from his pocket and covered the lower half of his face with it.

Suddenly, he noticed a soldier who was collecting swords from the dead soldier's hands.

He was clad in dented iron armor.

"Oi..." Leon shouted.

The soldier immediately turned toward Leon and his brows furrowed.

*Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang*

"Who are you?" The soldier asked as he immediately dropped all the swords and pointed one at Leon.

"Who's your commanding officer?" Leon asked calmly.

"Take down the cloth from your face and show me your ears." The soldier demanded immediately.

"Here..." Leon replied as he lowered the cloth from his face a little and showed him his ears.

"Phew... This is a warzone, A kid like you shouldn't be walking around here. Where did you even come from?" the soldier asked with a confused expression as he let out a sigh of relief and lowered his sword.

"I have a delivery of Healing and Mana Potions for the soldiers. I need to see your captain, so I can get paid and deliver them." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"That's impossible. We just received the word that supply convoy is still far from here." The soldier replied in a low and disappointed tone as he bent down once again and started picking up the swords.

"Look, can you just take me to your captain ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

After picking up all the swords, the soldier turned. "Fine. Follow me."

Leon walked behind him, his boots squelching through the blood soaked battlefield.

"How did you guys lost 300 men in one day ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Southern border was never attacked by the Elves because it's directly opposite to their kingdom and that's why, it was the least protected border.

Motherfuckers saw that and did a sneak attack on us." The soldier replied.

"I thought elves weren't that good at fighting," Leon said flatly.

"They don't even know how to hold a fucking sword," the guard replied bitterly. "But they sure as hell know how to make enchanted arrows."

He clenched his fists, his face tight with frustration.

"Last night, they launched a special arrow—one that had over 600 spells woven into it. The moment it hit us, half of our outpost and our men were erased from the face of this land."

His voice grew quieter, more grim.

"All the mages… even some of the healers died in that attack. We struck back immediately, but the whole field was littered with magical traps. We couldn't even take ten steps without triggering something deadly."

He paused, then muttered,

"We lost 675 soldiers in just the last 24 hours. If another attack like that happens now… the southern border will fall."

As they continued to walked, they reached in front of the outpost.

War tents stood in scattered clusters, like beige scars against the land. The wind tugged at the tattered canvas, making them flap like broken wings.

To the side, soldiers trained with dulled weapons, moving in tight, disciplined formations. The air rang with the sharp clashing of steel and the barking of commands.

Nearby, piles of human corpses lay covered under rough cloth—too many to bury yet.

Healers rushed from tent to tent, their white robes stained red with blood. Their faces were grim, drained by exhaustion, but they continued to tend the endless stream of wounded.

Leon and the guard stopped before a larger tent—its frame sturdier than the others, with two tired-looking spearmen standing watch outside.

"Who is he?" one of them asked, frowning.

"He wants to meet the captain," the guard replied.

"I'll inform him. Wait until I call you in," the guard added, disappearing into the tent.

Leon nodded silently, his eyes drifting across the battlefield camp.

'So… this is what a real battlefield looks like,' he thought, his expression remaining neutral.

A moment later, the guard stepped out.

"Okay, kid. Go in."

Leon entered the tent. Inside, it was sparse—three wooden chairs, a single table between them, and a small chest beneath it. Sitting in one of the chairs was an old man clad in gleaming silver armor, his eyes locked on a map spread across the table.

Leon immediately used his inspection skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: James Joper]

[Class: Swordsman]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 30,000 / 30,000]

[MP: 15,000 / 15,000]

[Description: James is a well-trained knight and the captain of the Eagle's eye outpost at the southern border of the human kingdom. Deeply religious, he places his faith in God above all else.]

"Take a seat," the old man said in a heavy voice, not looking up.

"I'm good. Can we get to business?" Leon replied.

James raised a brow as he looked at Leon. "What business?"

"Didn't that guy tell you?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"He said you were lost… and wanted to go home."

Leon blinked, then scowled. 'What the fuck? That guard… he thought I was lying about the potions ?'

"This is the business," Leon said, opening his inventory.

With a flick of his wrist, six wooden crates appeared on the ground in front of them.

*THUD*

James's eyes widened, and he stood up so fast his chair creaked.

"A-Are those… healing and mana potions?" James asked his eyes widened in shock and surprise.

"Yes. I'm here to sell them, and—"

"I'll buy all of them," James interrupted, stepping forward and gripping Leon's shoulders tightly.

"Very good. That'll be 54 silvers for 300 healing potions and 300 mana potions. And please—let go of my shoulders. You're squeezing a little too hard," Leon replied with a neutral tone.

"Fuck 54 silvers… kid, you deserve more than that," James muttered.

He turned around and opened the small chest that was under the table, then pulled out a coin and tossed it toward Leon.

"Here, catch."

*Catch*

Leon caught the coin and opened his hand, his eyes widening at the sight of its gleam.

"Woah..."

It was a gold coin, flower like design made on it's front and a eagle made on it's back.

"Charles! Delgate! Get in here!" James shouted suddenly.

The two spearmen rushed inside.

"Yes, Captain?" they asked in unison.

"Take the mana potions from these crates and distribute them to the healers. Now!"

"Yes, sir!" They immediately began carrying out the crates.

James turned back to Leon.

"You come with me."

He grabbed Leon's arm and led him outside the tent.

"SOLDIERS! MAY I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION!"

James's voice thundered across the encampment. Every soldier stopped what they were doing and turned toward their captain.

"Yesterday, we suffered heavy losses. Many of our comrades fell. We were close to losing everything—but not hope.

Today, we struck back and lost more brave men. I… I was beginning to lose my faith in God. But then this young man appeared."

James pointed at Leon.

"He brought with him mana and healing potions—enough to keep us going until reinforcements arrive. He is proof that God has not abandoned us. He is the messenger sent to tell us not to surrender… but to fight!

We will not fall to the elves. We will stand and fight to the very end! Are you with me, SOLDIERS ?!"

[Note: You are under the skill {Motivational Roar}. Strength and Willpower increased by 50%.]

"YES, CAPTAIN!" the soldiers roared in unison, raising their weapons to the sky.

Leon stared at the notification floating in front of him, blinking in surprise.

"Huh...?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104: Elven Prince
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 104: Elven Prince

Inside the Vinceral Forest, an elf sat perched atop a thick branch of a tree dangerously close to the human outpost. A monocular was held firmly against his left eye.

"Hmm...?"

As he slowly rotated the lens, his sharp gaze caught sight of something strange—guards hauling crates of Healing and Mana Potions out from the captain's tent.

"What the hell? How did they get potions? I didn't see any carts coming," the elf muttered, confused. His expression tensed as he leapt down silently from the branch, landing with practiced grace. Without hesitation, he pulled an arrow from his quiver.

He brought it close to his mouth and whispered into it, his words flowing in ancient Elvish Language.

"Āshānā'zhūrr dūrbāh'tālūk, āsh'nāzg îmbālāthūn...."

The runes carved into the shaft of the arrow began to glow—a flickering orange light pulsing in rhythm with his chant.

He raised his empty hand into the Air.

At once, the trees around him responded. Their branches twisted and curled, growing rapidly until they formed a beautiful, sturdy bow in midair—angled to the east, toward the Elven camp.

With fluid motion, he placed the glowing arrow on the vine-string and pulled it back with full force.

"Shall you shine as bright as the sun and give light to those I hold dear... Aurora's Shine." He spoke as he released the Arrow.

Swisssssh

The arrow tore through the air at blinding speed, vanishing into the clouds above.

...

Eagle's Eye Outpost

"I will take my leave now. It was a pleasure doing business with you," Leon said, facing James.

"Pleasure was all mine, kid. Be proud of yourself—you saved a lot of lives today.

If only you could reveal your identity, I'd get you a bravery medal from the King himself. You'd be famous across the kingdom. It helps with the ladies, you know?

I got one back when—"

"The sun's going down. I need to leave. Bye." Leon interrupted, already turning away.

But he barely took a few steps before—

BOOOOOOOOOM

A thunderous explosion rocked the skies. A flash lit up the sky, followed by massive rings of smoke and clouds spiraling out.

The soldiers poured out of their tents in a frenzy, every head turning upward.

"Oh shit..."

"Fucking hell."

"We are so fucked."

Their faces darkened instantly. The mood shifted—panic set in.

...

"You've got to be kidding me," James said grimly, his eyes still fixed on the sky.

"What? What's happening?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It's the same thing that happened last night. Ten minutes after that flash—they launched the enchanted arrow that wiped out half our outpost.

I've got to get the soldiers prepared. You—run as far away as you can, kid." James turned and stormed off.

...

Elven Camp

A strikingly handsome elf with long blonde hair, flawless skin, and sharp ears lay peacefully on a soft bed of grass inside a tent.

Slide

The flap of the tent opened, and a female elf draped in purple robes entered quietly.

"Your Majesty... our spy has sent the signal. The humans must have received help earlier than expected," she whispered.

Blink-Blink

The elf prince opened his eyes instantly. He rose and looked over to the bow resting just a few steps away—an awe-inspiring weapon made of pure gold, ancient runes etched along its limbs, and radiant gems embedded in its core.

"Let's give these humans what they deserve," he said, reaching for the bow.

"B-But Your Majesty... the arrow is still not ready," she said nervously.

"How many enchantments have you completed?"

"267, Your Majesty."

"More than enough to wipe those ants out. Bring it to me," he ordered, stepping out of the tent.

"Y-Yes, Your Majesty..."

...

"That motherfucker is out again..." James growled, his eye glued to the monocular as he focused on the Elf Prince.

"Can I see?" a voice chimed in suddenly.

James looked over—and down.

Leon was still standing next to him.

"Huh? What the hell are you doing here? I told you to go back!" James asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah, that was the plan..."

...

Five Minutes Earlier – Vinceral Forest

"Okay, Slime... let's go back," Leon said with a grin as he played with his gold coin.

Boing-Boing

The slime bounced twice, then settled.

"What do you mean by that? We have to go back. Let's go," Leon insisted.

Boing-Boing

"Are you saying 'no' to going back? If yes, then bounce once."

Boing

"Why? Is it because you don't know the way back?" Leon asked, scratching his head.

Boing-Boing

"No? Then... is it because the sun's going down and you're scared of monsters coming out?"

Boing

"Fucking hell... Can't you find that teleportation tree again?"

Boing-Boing

"Shit... Elaine and Selene are going to lose it if I don't make it home tonight," he groaned.

"I've got no choice then—I'll have to spend the night at the outpost. What about you? Will you be alright in the forest?"

Boing

"Okay... take care. Wait—you can find the tree again in the morning or do we need to walk back?"

Boing

"I hope that means you can find it again," Leon muttered, turning and walking back toward the outpost.

...

Present Time

"I can't go back tonight. I'll leave tomorrow," Leon said, standing beside James once more.

"Don't worry, kid. You're free to run anytime. But if you die here tonight—well, at least you'll die like a man. Hahaha!" James laughed, handing him the monocular.

'Is he cracked in the head or something?' Leon thought, puzzled, as he raised the monocular to his eye.

Through the lens, he saw it: the Elven Prince, his golden bow in hand, aiming straight at them but there was arrow in it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Serandor Virelliam]

[Race: Elf]

[Class: Archer]

[Level: 156]

[HP: 170,000/170,000]

[MP: 85,000/85,000]

[Description: Third son of the Elven Queen, Freya Virelliam. An excellent archer blessed with powerful skills and an even bigger ego.

Once an arrow leaves his bow, it always hits its target. Serandor is determined to prove himself to his mother by conquering a human border zone single-handedly.]

"Level... 156!? How the hell did he get that high!?" Leon muttered, eyes wide with shock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105: Aurora's Justice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Leon continued to watch Serandor, he noticed a woman draped in a deep purple robe walking toward him, she was holding a shining arrow in her hand.

"Hmm...? Who is she?" Leon muttered, narrowing his eyes and activating his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Ursula Vanguard]

[Race: Elf]

[Class: Enchanter]

[Level: 200]

[HP: 310000/310000]

[MP: 56000/100000]

[Description: Mother of two and daughter of a wiseman, Ursula mastered weapon enchanting at an early age. She now serves Serandor as his personal enchanter. Shy by nature, she secretly harbors feelings for Serandor.]

She handed the glowing arrow to Serandor and began casting a spell over it.

"Let's see... what's so special about your Arrows." Leon spoke as he immediately used Inspect again—this time on the arrow.

<Inspect>

[Name: Enchanted Arrow]

[Rank: Rare]

[Enchantments: 267]

[Crafter: Ursula Vanguard]

[Description: A rare arrow crafted from pure Vulkan wood, heavily enchanted with explosive magic. On contact with tip, the Arrow will destroy everything in a 50 meter radius.]

"Interesting... I know this won't work, but I'll still try." Leon muttered, an idea sparking in his mind.

Slowly raising his hand toward them, Leon spoke. "Loose Grip."

[Warning: Due to high-level difference, skill had no effect on target.]

"Hmm... as expected," Leon said flatly.

---

Elf Camp,

"Hmm..." Serandor murmured, flexing his fingers with a puzzled look.

"Is something wrong, Your Majesty?" Ursula asked, tilting her head slightly.

"I felt something odd in my hand... It's nothing. Are you done with the last enchantment?" Serandor asked with a confused expression as he looked at Ursula.

"Just a minute, Your Majesty. I am performing one last Enchantment to make it even stronger." Ursula replied softly, continuing her spell.

"Good... Make it so strong that their families can't even find their bodies to bury." Serandor spoke with a twisted smile.

---

Eagle-eye outpost,

"Soldiers, you know the plan!" James barked, his voice booming across the outpost. "We move in ten seconds! Spread out as we charge. Even if some fall to that damned arrow, the rest of us will capture those bloody elves.

TODAY, WE EITHER CAPTURE THEM OR DIE TRYING!"

"YES, SIR!" The soldiers roared, raising their swords high, ready to sprint on command.

"You can capture them without dying," Leon interrupted calmly.

"What?" James and the soldiers immediately turned towards him frowning in confusion.

"If you follow your plan, there's a 90% chance all of you die before reaching them. Half of you will fall mid-field—and that Elf has to have more tricks up his sleeve for close-range combat," Leon said, meeting James's gaze evenly.

"Then... what's your plan?" James asked, his brow furrowed.

"Stand behind me and grab my shoulders tight. Don't let me move and charge when I tell you to." Leon spoke without any hesitation.

"What? That's your plan?" A soldier scoffed.

"You're a kid—what do you know about battles?"

"Yeah, go home, boy, and let—"

"I believe him," James cut in, stepping toward Leon.

"What?"

"Captain?"

"Sir, we'll all die if—"

"We're already dead, soldier. My plan's flawed. The kid's right—what if they've got another trap? I'm not dying while knowing that I had the slightest chance to save you all. I'll follow his plan," James declared with full confidence, gripping Leon's shoulders tightly.

"Captain, we're with you... No matter-"

"I don't think we have time for that," Leon snapped, peering through the monocular.

"He's raising his bow. The enchantments are completed." Leon spoke as he prepared himself.

---

"May you pay for your sins and die in the same agony as our sisters, mothers, and daughters," Serandor growled, pulling back the bowstring and activating his skill.

"Aurora's Justice." He spoke as he loosed the arrow.

*SWISSHHH*

---

"It's coming..." Leon spoke, dropping the monocular and lifting his hand skyward. He extended his index finger and casted his skill.

<Glitch Point>

A crimson dot shimmered in the air, slightly left of his fingertip. Leon shifted his finger over the red dot, focusing mana into it. A droplet of pure mana pooled on the tip of his finger.

'Didn't think I'd use this again so soon... but I just delivered mana and healing potions to them and what good are they if these guys die before using them ?

So, This better work...' Leon thought grimly, glancing at the littered corpses of fallen soldiers nearby.

---

"Instead of running... what are those humans doing?" the Elf spy muttered, squinting through his monocular at the soldiers standing still, watching the arrow descend.

---

*Tip*

"High-noon, motherfucker," Leon whispered with a neutral expression, as the mana droplet fell to the ground.

[-1 MP]

*Srrrrrrrrrrr*

[-5000 MP]

A searing beam of blue mana exploded from Leon's finger, lancing through the air and striking the arrow's tip dead center.

[+78979 MP]

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

The arrow detonated mid-air, erupting in a massive explosion.

"Charge now..." Leon spoke, turning to James.

"SOLDIERS, ATTACK!" James roared, thrusting his sword forward.

"YES, CAPTAIN!" the soldiers echoed, sprinting toward the Elf camp at full speed.

---

"W-What? How did that happen?" Serandor gasped, whipping his head toward Ursula.

"I-I don't know, Your Majesty... Maybe enchantment imbalance—"

*SLAP*

Serandor's hand immediately cracked across her face.

"Are you fucking kidding me? You fucked up the one thing you were meant to do!" Serandor shouted as he looked at her.

"I-I'm sorry, Your Majesty," Ursula whispered, clutching her stinging cheek, her eyes lowered in fear and shame.

"You should've been enslaved by those scumbags instead of my sister," Serandor spat, pulling the string of his bow and letting go.

*Swish*

Both of them vanished from sight in an instant.

...

"AHHHHHHHHHH... KILL THEEEEMMM.." James came running and shouting towards the camp but noticed that there was no one there.

"Huh...? Where did they go ?"

"I saw there here."

"Yeah, they were just standing here."

All the soldiers looked at each other confused.

"All the soldiers, spread around and search for them." James commanded with a confused expression as he looked around.

...

Eagle-Eye Outpost, Inside the Kitchen,

*Nom-Nom-Nom*

Leon is eating all the meat, fruits and vegetables that was lying on the table for the soldiers.

"Fucking hell... This feels good, I was fucking famished. And even though this meat is not even cooked properly, it still tastes so good." Leon spoke with a smile as he continued to eat everything that came in front of his eyes.

*Nom-Nom-Nom*

"The Help is here... Where is everyone ?" Suddenly, A sound came from outside.

"Time to go home." Leon spoke with a smile as an idea came to his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106: I am not drunk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the sun sank beyond the horizon, twenty wagons brimming with supplies and soldiers rolled into the outpost.

"Ma'am… there's no one here," a soldier reported, returning to the carriage.

Click

The carriage door swung open, and a woman clad in gleaming silver armour stepped down, the weight of command radiating off her.

Twin swords hung on each side of her hips. With one smooth motion, she unfastened her helmet, letting her sharp, cold features come into view.

There was no mistaking her identity— She was none other than Derisa Demar herself.

"Where the hell did everyone go?" she asked, frowning as she tucked the helmet under her arm.

"What's wrong, Mom?" A young woman, barely eighteen years old, bounced out from the carriage after her.

Her features were a near-perfect copy of Derisa's body.

Creamy fair skin. Tight, perky mid-sized tits that strained against her scandalous top. Jet-black hair flowing wildly and green glowing eyes.

And below that? A thick, meaty ass that jutted out obscenely, barely contained by a short, skin-tight skirt that left nothing to imagination.

Her hips swayed with every step, her thighs thick, her curves shameless and slutty.

She was a walking wet dream for the virgin soldiers.

"Back in the carriage, Jackie. I told you not to come out until I say so," Derisa snapped, shooting her daughter a warning glance.

"But Mooooom… you promised I'd get to see the battlefield!" Jackie whined in a sultry, almost teasing tone as she bounced on her feet.

Her colossal ass jiggled wildly, the flesh rippling and slapping against her skirt like a hypnotic wave.

The soldiers behind them—who'd just dismounted—froze, their eyes locked onto Jackie's shaking ass like starving dogs.

"What an ass…"

"How did someone like her come from someone as cruel as the Ruthless Sword Queen?"

"I'd kill anything to marry Madam Jackie…"

"Shut the fuck up, Jerk. I will marry her."

"No, I will."

…

But the moment Derisa turned her head, every soldier snapped their gazes away as if their lives depended on it.

'Ah… so she's the backup. Although she is so strict, but her daughter looks like a real slut' Leon thought, watching them through a narrow slit in the tent.

"Ma'am! Look—Sir James!" a soldier called, pointing east.

Derisa stepped forward. In the distance, a man approached with a smile spread across his face.

"James Joper… I am—"

"Derisa Demar. The Ruthless Sword Queen. One of the Twelve Generals. It's an honour, ma'am," James said smoothly, walking up and shaking her hand firmly.

"Seeing you alive is all the pleasure I need. Where are you coming from?" Derisa asked with a confused expression.

"From the Elf camp. They turned tail and ran after their ultimate attack crumbled in mid-air," James replied with a grin.

"James… you and your soldiers have done an excellent job in the last 24 hours. Not only did you survive, but you drove the enemy back. I'll make sure you're promoted—"

"It wasn't me." James spoke with a smile.

"What ?" Derisa asked with a confused expression.

"It was because of that kid. He brought us mana and healing potions.

Hell, he's the one who saved us from the enchanted arrow that damn Elf prince fired at us," James admitted with a chuckle.

"What kid?" Derisa asked sharply.

"Oh, he should still be in one of the tents. Come, I'll introduce you. If anyone deserves reward—it's him," James offered and marched towards his tent.

"Oi, kid! Where are you?" James called, his voice echoing throughout the outpost—but no answer came.

"Kid?" He pushed open tent flaps one after another. Soldiers joined the search, looking through the tents—but Leon was gone.

"What the hell? Where did he vanish to?" James muttered, utterly bewildered.

"I don't see anyone, James. Maybe you're all exhausted and—"

"No! We're not going mad. The kid was real. Where do you think we got this crate from?" James spoke with a serious expression, pointing to a stacked crate of healing potions.

"Captain… he ate all our food," a soldier yelled, storming out of the food tent.

"What?" James marched to the tent and froze. Their entire food supply—obliterated. Gone.

"But… that was a mountain of food…" he muttered, stunned.

"Don't worry. We brought extra food and potions," Derisa said calmly.

"Hah… maybe that kid was a really a god's messenger. Well—"

"Ma'am! Ma'am!" A guard sprinted towards Derisa, panting hard.

"What now?" she asked sharply.

"Ma'am… *huff-huff* our last wagon that was *huff* carrying the potions is gone!" he blurted.

"WHAT!?" Derisa roared, her eyes widening dangerously.

"Yes ma'am… whoever took it, dropped the crates on the ground and vanished with the wagon itself," the guard explained breathlessly.

"What? Why would someone take just the wagon? And what was the driver doing !?" Derisa snapped.

"The driver says he saw a silver coin rolling on the ground… he chased after it. When he turned back—the wagon was gone.

He's too scared to face you, ma'am. He's begging for mercy… says he's got a family and two small children," the guard relayed nervously.

"Tell him to start running back to the kingdom and never show his face to me again," Derisa ordered coldly.

"We also found this near the crates of potions, ma'am." The guard handed her a familiar red cloth—the one Leon wore over his face.

"Hahahaha… it was that damn kid! He wore this cloth all the time. Hahahaha… he got you good, ma'am!" James howled with laughter.

"Captain… he drained ten bags of booze as well," a guard reported, holding up empty booze sacks.

"Wait… he drank straight from the bags?" James blinked, dumbfounded.

"I think he drank it all with the food, sir."

"That amount of booze should've dropped a man dead. How the hell did that brat stay standing?" James asked, incredulous.

…

Somewhere between the Southern Border and the Human Kingdom—

A wagon thundered across the dusty road at breakneck speed.

*Clop-Clop-Clop-Clop*

Leon sat at the reins, a crazed grin plastered on his face.

"Hahaha… run faster, motherfucker! I always wanted to drive one of these things. This is so damn fun!

I can feel the booze buzzing in me and it's warmth, but I'm not even dizzy. Adaptive Body is so fucking cool," Leon cackled, snapping the reins harder. The horses screamed forward.

"Heinggggggg..."

"Slime, you good back there?" Leon asked, glancing behind.

The slime bounced cheerfully in the back of the wagon.

Boing

"Good… we ain't stopping before we hit the kingdom. And once I get back home…

I'm gonna drown myself in MILF pussy— Achooo!

Fuck… caught a cold. Who gives a shit—RUN FASTER, BECAUSE I AM FLYING HAHAHAHA..."

Stch

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107: Village Permit ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Clop-clop-clop-clop*

A wagon rolled to a stop before the village gates, the sharp echo of hooves fading into the night. Both guards jolted upright from their stools.

"Who the hell is out here at this hour?" one guard muttered, glancing at his partner, both narrowing their eyes in confusion.

"State your name."

"What's your business here this late in our village ?"

They stepped forward cautiously, spears angled towards the lone driver.

"Relax… it's just me," Leon muttered as he jumped down from the wagon, rubbing his temple with a grimace.

"Leon? What in the world are you doing driving a wagon this late?" one guard asked, bewildered.

"I will tell you that someday, it's a long story… I'm going home. My head's splitting." Leon grumbled as he strode past them towards the gate.

'Shit… the moment I deactivated Adaptive Body, the hangover hit me like a hammer. Never drinking that much again,' he thought bitterly clenching his jaw.

"Hold it—wait. You can't enter the village without a permit," one guard spoke, stepping in front of him.

"Huh?" Leon blinked slowly, annoyance flashing in his eyes. "Look guys, I don't have time for this crap. My head is killing me—I will talk to you guys tomorrow."

"The new chief issued mandatory permit cards to everyone in the village, I think he is suspicious that someone from outside the village killed the chief."

"Yeah, we found food and other things in that abandoned house outside the village. I think they were planning it for a while." The other guard spoke.

"So, You are saying that I can't enter inside the village ?" Leon asked with an Irritated expression.

"I am sorry Leon. These are direct orders and we can't disobey them." The guard held up a small wooden card in front of Leon's face.

"What the fuck ?" Leon narrowed his gaze.

"Yeah, and to get a permit, you have to meet the new chief himself. Pretty sure he's asleep by now," the guard added.

Leon sighed, then slowly reached into his pocket. "Let's see... Will this permit work ?"

A silver coin gleamed in the moonlight as he flipped it between his fingers.

"Whoa."

"A silver coin…"

Both guards stared at it like starved dogs eyeing a slab of meat.

"So… how long does this buy me on the permit ?" Leon asked his lips curling into a smirk.

"T-three months?" one guard stammered, his hand already drifting toward the coin.

"Wrong answer." Leon flicked the coin back into his palm, his gaze sharp.

"Lifetime… right ? For a friend, surely we can make that happen. What's a little permit between us friends?" his partner spoke up immediately, his voice low and greedy.

"R-right… lifetime sounds fair…" The guard swallowed hard.

"Good answer." Leon flicked the coin into the air and sauntered past the gates without another glance.

"Where did it go ?"

"It fell into the grass."

"Search there... I will search here." Both of the guards immediately started to search the grass as they couldn't seem to find the coin.

*Pull*

With a little pull of his finger the coin came back flying to him.

*Catch*

"How idiot can someone be ?" Leon spoke with a smile as he noticed that the guards were still on the ground searching for the coin.

…

As he passed by the new chief's house, Leon spotted two more guards posted rigidly at the front door.

'Oh... Looks like the new guy's pissing his pants after seeing what happened to the last one. Heh.' Leon smirked and made his way home.

*Knock-knock.*

He knocked lightly on the wooden door. A soft flicker of lamplight stirred inside the house.

"Leo… is that you?" Elaine's warm voice called out from within.

"Yeah, Mom," Leon answered.

*Click*

Elaine unlatched the door, her figure framed by the dim amber glow inside the house. She wore nothing but a sheer, purple nightgown—thin as mist and utterly transparent.

Beneath it, she wore only a pair of matching purple panties that clung to her hips; her heavy breasts swung freely, the gown was doing next to nothing to hide the plump weight of her bare flesh. Her inverted nipples hiding inside her huge areolas.

Leon's eyes dragged over her body, heat coiling low in his stomach.

'How the hell is anyone supposed to resist that slutty body? I had such sharp pain in my head a moment ago but as soon as I saw a naked MILF... it all just went away.

I think, I am a little dirty minded.' he thought with a grin, his cock stiffening rapidly, straining against his pants.

"Where have you been? I was so worried…" Elaine's voice trembled with concern as she stepped closer, her soft thighs shifting under the thin fabric.

"I just got caught up with some extra work. But I'm free now," Leon murmured, striding inside and feeling the warmth of the house.

*Achhooo*

"Oh no… did you catch a cold?" Elaine gasped, closing the distance between them instantly. Her hands skimmed over his arms, feeling the chill clinging to his skin.

"I'm fine," Leon said flatly, though a perverted smirk tugged at the corner of his lips.

"No, you're freezing. You need to get under a blanket right now," Elaine scolded, her tone strict—but her eyes flicked down, clearly catching the tent forming in his pants.

"I don't need a blanket," Leon rasped, stepping into her space, his gaze filled with lust and only lust. "I need someone to warm me up. Preferably… a slutty mother."

"Remis..."

Leon activated his skill as he crushed his lips against hers and started sucking them.

< Touch of Lust>

*Chuuuuu*

The second their mouths collided, a jolt of raw arousal shot through Elaine like a lightning bolt. Her body buckled, knees quivering as her pussy clenched wildly under her soaked panties.

'Goodness… every time he touches me, my body just starts behaving so slutty on it's own… I lose everything… control, thought, reason… all of it,' Elaine moaned inwardly, her thighs trembling violently as Leon's tongue plundered her mouth, dominating her completely.

Leon's hands slid down and seized her thick, soft ass, his fingers sinking deep into the luscious flesh as he kneaded them mercilessly.

His palms were rough and greedy, groping her like he owned every inch of her.

'What soft skin... No matter how many times I touch it. I just can't seem to get enough of this.' Leon thought as the lust filled his body completely.

His hand dipped lower, clutching the thin fabric of her panties. He twisted the delicate cloth, bunching it into a tight rope between his fingers. Slowly, he yanked upward—forcing the panty to ride high into her dripping slit, the thin material cutting deliciously into her pussy lips as they puffed out from the sides, thick and desperate.

"Anhh~"

Elaine let out a sharp gasp inside his mouth, her entire body shuddering under his right grip.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108: The Night is still young
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Schlp-Schlp-Schlp.

Leon had Elaine pinned flush against the cold wall of the hallway, her soft body helplessly holded by Leon's hands. 1

His mouth latched tight around her right nipple, sucking greedily and mercilessly, while his fingers tormented the other nipple—rolling, pinching, and flicking it fast enough to make her back arch like a bow.

"Anhh~ Ahnnhh~ Ahnnnhhh~ L-Leo… Ahnnn~ Aren't you hungry? Don't you… Anhhh~ w-want to eat something?" Elaine gasped, her moans stuttering with every pull and twist of his relentless mouth and fingers.

"No, I am eating you." Leon spoke with a perverted smile, his voice thick with lust as he tugged her heavy tit back with his mouth, stretching her flesh obscenely before letting it slap wetly back against her chest.

*Slap*

*Schlp-Schlp-Schlp*

"ANNNHHH~!" Elaine cried out louder, her hips jerking involuntarily as her pussy gushed out with hot love juices into her already-soaked panties.

*Kiss-kiss*

Leon trailed his lips down her stomach, peppering kisses down her trembling waist as he slowly descended toward her wet pussy.

*Sniiiiiifff*

"Mmm… would you look at this?" Leon's voice dripped with wicked satisfaction as his eyes locked on the wet patch spreading shamelessly across her panties.

"My slutty little Mother's pussy is dripping with so much pre-cum already and I've barely even touched her tits properly."

"Y-Your touch… it's not normal… No man in this village could ever make a woman's body tremble like you do. I swear—it's like you were born with a gift to break a woman's will with your touch." Elaine spoke her breath caught, face flushed and her chest heaving with desperation.

Leon smiled, as he lowered his face to her soft stomach. Slowly, he nuzzled the spot just above her womb, rubbing his nose in slow circles right over her sensitive and soft skin. The teasing touch made her abdomen twitch, her hips grinding forward instinctively in search of more.

"Anhh~ Leo… don't tease me like this…" Elaine whimpered, her voice thin and shaky with raw lust.

"Oh ? And what exactly do you want me to do then, Mommy ?" Leon purred, lips curling as his fingers flicked both her nipples in quick, sharp snaps.

*Flick-Flick*

"AHNNHH~ You're so mean!" Elaine gasped, her thighs trembling violently, knees buckling under the sharp but delicious flicks.

"Say it out loud, mom. Or I'll go warm my cock inside Selene's tight pussy instead… she always begs to be filled deep and she knows her way around words to please a man, you know that, right ?

I bet she will wake up immediately as soon as my dick knocks on her womb's gate." Leon spoke with an evil smile.

Elaine's eyes widened in panic, her entire body shuddering under the weight of the threat. Her lips quivered and she swallowed hard, the thought of not getting fucked by Leon's dick made her pussy go wild from arousal.

"N-No… don't go to her… I—I'll say it…" she breathed, voice cracking. Her thighs pressed together, but her pre-cum was gushing too hard to hide anymore.

"I… I want you to pull my panties down and… and lick my… p-pussy and then use my pussy to warm your cock.

Please use my body to empty your balls." Elaine finally choked out, her face turning deep crimson, her breath ragged with humiliation and animalistic desire.

"Very good..." Leon spoke as he immediately grabbed her panty from both sides and immediately pulled it down to her ankles, making her legs tremble.

Leon slowly placed his hand on her thick thighs and sqeezed them tightly.

*Squeeze*

"Anhhhh~" Elaine let out a moan as she instinctively opened her legs for Leon.

Leon smiled as he slowly leaned in and gave her wet pussy a lick.

*Lick*

"Anhhhh~" Elaine moaned as she tried to grab something on the wall but there was nothing.

"You like that, don't you ? Now, take this." Leon spoke as he immediately stuffed his face in between her thighs and started licking her pussy like some crazy Maniac, giving her no time to even moan properly.

*Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick*

"ANHHHHHHHH~ CUMMINGGGGGGG~" Elaine shouted loudly as she made an Ahegao expression while grabbing her own thighs and released a fountain of cum all over Leon's face.

*SQUIRRRRRRRRT*

"Holy shit... How much are you gonna come ?" Leon asked with a smile as he immediately removed his face from her thighs and noticed that she was still cumming like some broke slut.

*Thud*

Her legs lost the last bit of power they had in them and Elaine fell down to the floor on all fours, her orgasm still continuing.

"Well... That was good, huh ?" Leon asked as he stood up and opened his pants.

As soon as his pants dropped to the floor, Leon's huge dick jumped out and stood up like a pole in front of Elaine's face.

"You know what, Mom ? I think, my dick is smelling... Do you want to clean it ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I will clean it... I will clea-" Before she could've completed her sentence, Leon grabbed her hair and stuffed his cock into her mouth.

*GWAK*

"Good." He spoke with a satisfied expression.

'Haah... A feeling any man would die for. A MILF's mouth around my cock, feels so fucking good.' Leon thought as he started using her head to give himself a blowjob.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

'Anhhh~ He is using my mouth as if I am his lust outlet toy. Anhh~ Whenever I smell and taste my son's dick... I feel this tingling sensation in my pussy.

I can't control my hands from rubbing it like crazy.' Elaine thought as her hand automatically went back to her pussy and started rubbing it rapidly.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

"Okay... That's good. Now, I will use your another mouth to clean it some more. I hope you don't have a problem, Mom." Leon asked as he pulled his cock out of Elaine's mouth and saw the glistening saliva thread connecting his dick to her mouth.

"N-No... Son. I-I have no problems... Please use my pussy to warm up your cock." Elaine replied as she immediately turned around like an obedient bitch and opened her pussy for Leon.

"Well, you are getting good with words too." Leon spoke with a smile as he rammed his cock directly into her pussy.

*Slap*

"ANHHHHHH~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109: No greetings for you
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blink. Blink.

Leon's eyes opened slowly. His face was buried deep in something warm, thick and soft against his cheeks. His breath was heavy, the scent of sweat and sex still clinging to the room's air.

He slid a hand up and grabbed the thick piece of soft flesh.

'Mnhh... So soft, What is thi-' Before Leon could've completed his thought, he found out what it was.

Elaine's tits.

His face was wedged right between them, her skin hot and slick from last night. His cock twitched hard. He was still buried deep inside her pussy, her tight, wet walls wrapped snugly around him. His arms were locked around her naked waist, hands gripping her soft curves tightly.

'Haa… I could stay like this all fucking day.' Leon thought, grinding his face deeper into her cleavage and dragging his tongue lazily across her skin. His cock throbbed inside her pussy, aching to start moving again.

'Haa... I could stay like this forever, But... I have a weapon to collect and a MILF to feed in the dungeon.

I will fuck her good once I get a bed down there. Doing it on a stone bed feels rough.' Leon

With a grunt, he slowly peeled his face from her tits and sucked in a deep breath.

Sniff.

He exhaled sharply—and with a low growl, shoved his face right back into her breasts, rubbing them all over his face, savoring her heat and scent as his cock twitched again inside her soaked cunt.

'What the fuck am I doing…?' His jaw clenched. Slowly, he slid his cock out of her dripping pussy, her walls clenching tight around him before reluctantly letting him go with a wet squelch. His face left her tits next, completely damp from her sweat.

Leon stood up, pulling the blanket over her naked body. His eyes lingered on her curves for a long second before he turned and slipped out of the room.

'Hah... Still can't believe, I am fucking her every night.' Leon thought with a perverted smile.

Out in the backyard, Leon leaned over the basin and splashed cold water onto his face.

*Splash*

"Phew… fuck, I didn't want to wash my face in this cold water… but washing takes off the sleepy look off my fac-"

*Swish*

A gust of wind cut across him, making his muscles tense.

"Alright, that's enough of this cold shit," he muttered, wiping his face with a towel immediately.

"I'm getting a bathtub tonight… big enough to fit Me, Elaine and Selene together. And I am going to have wet and slippery sex, that I deserve after a long day." Leon thought as a slow, wicked grin curled up on his lips.

After getting dressed, Leon strode out of the house. He moved fast, boots hitting the dirt path as he made his way toward the village's exit.

...

"I can't do this."

Suddenly Leon's steps halted as he heard a voice coming from the chief's house front.

Two figures stood in front of the house. Leon's eyes narrowed, locking onto them instantly.

On the right stood Julia, the new Chief's daughter, clutching a wand in her hand and on the left a man in black butler-like clothes, standing sharp and composed.

"Come on, young miss… You can do it," the butler encouraged.

"Fireball…" Julia murmured, lifting her wand toward him. A small flicker of flame hovered at the tip before sputtering out into nothing.

"See… It won't stay," she huffed, frustration flashing across her face.

"Young miss, you have to keep supplying mana into the wand," the butler said calmly.

'Why the fuck are these two playing with magic this early ? And who is he ?' Leon thought, scowling as he immediately used his his skill on the butler.

< Inspect>

[Name: Charles]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 1300/1300]

[MP: 950/950]

[Description: Charles is the Butler of the Klen household for the past 1 years. His primary duty is to teach Julia magic and prepare her for the monthly Duels of Velthorne Academy.]

'Huh… How can a dumb bitch like her got enrolled into Velthorne Academy ?' Leon thought with a really confused expression, his gaze shifting to the wand in Julia's grip.

<Glitch Point>

Three red dots flickered over the wand's surface, pointing the mana leakages.

'Ah… leaking mana. That explains why she can't use even a simple spell like fireball.' Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face but he didn't care and started running once again.

"Hm? Who's that?" Julia asked, her eyes catching Leon striding toward them.

"Red eyes… rare for a human," Charles muttered, watching him closely.

"Wait… that's him," Julia snapped, her eyes narrowing. "We met him two days ago when we arrived. He was running then too."

"Well... We should get back to our practice young miss. You have to go to the academy after that." Charles spoke as he looked at Julia.

"Wait... I want to see him greet me. That day, he didn't knew that I was the chief's daughter and showed me attitude-"

Step-step-step-step-step

Before Julia could've completed her sentence, Leon passed both of them keeping a neutral expression on his face and sparing not even a single glance to her.

Silence slammed down for a long, heavy second.

Charles blinked, then slowly turned to look at Julia.

Her jaw clenched. Her eyes were locked on Leon's back, her body stiff with rage.

"Did… did he just walk past me? Without even greeting me ?" Her voice dropped, thick with venom.

"Ma'am… maybe he didn't see—"

"Are you saying I'm invisible?" she hissed, bending the wand in her hands until it snapped clean in two.

Tch.

"… That wand costed me seventy-five coppers, Ma'am."

Her nostrils flared. "I want to know everything about him. Every fucking thing. Now." She spun on her shoe and stormed toward the house.

"But young miss, your training—"

Julia didn't even answer. She just threw a middle finger back at him and slammed the door shut.

Thud.

"I-I understand," Charles muttered bitterly, his shoulders slumping. His face darkened as he turned toward the house.

'God… why do I always get saddled with stubborn bitches? First my wife, then my daughter, and now her… just fucking kill me already.' he thought grimly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110: NYXTER
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Step-step-step-step-step

Fifteen minutes of running, and Leon finally came to a halt in front of the Kingdom's gate.

"Huff…" His breath came steady but deep, a grin tugging at the corner of his lips. His chest rose and fell with calm excitement as he stepped forward and crossed through the entrance, eyes sharp and locked ahead.

The market streets lay ahead. Merchants shuffled, carts creaked, crates hit tabletops. It was early — too early for crowds — but the quiet hum of life stirred around him. Leon moved through them like a shadow, weaving past shopkeepers setting up their stalls without breaking stride.

His pace was steady, but filled with excitement.

Five minutes later, he stood in front of Dekkn's Smithy.

Without pausing, he climbed the stone steps, boots tapping firmly, and raised his hand to knock.

Knock-Knock

He waited. Ten seconds passed. Silence.

Leon exhaled through his nose, lifted his hand again—

Click

The door creaked open just as his knuckles hovered mid-air.

Gerald squinted at him, his brows low, voice gruff.

"Hm...? You? So early? Did humans forget how to sleep or what?"

Leon didn't waste a breath. "Is it done?" His voice was tight, eager. His eyes didn't leave Gerald's face for a second.

Gerald held his gaze for a long beat, then jerked his head slightly. "Come in. Shut the door."

Without hesitation, Leon stepped inside. The heavy door thudded closed behind him.

Gerald moved toward the worktable with a slow, deliberate gait. His thick arms flexed as he reached underneath, pulling out a long, pitch-black sword wrapped tight in five thick cloth layers. His fingers gripped it firmly.

"Kid… what you gave me wasn't child's play," Gerald muttered, his voice dropping low. "I'll tell you straight — I've outdone myself this time."

He slid the sword onto the table.

Tang

The metal sang softly as it settled.

"For forty-six hours, I haven't stepped away from my forge and this is what came out of it."

Leon's gaze locked onto the weapon. His hand stretched forward and wrapped around the hilt slowly, deliberately. His fingers curled tight around it, testing the grip.

"Woah…" His voice fell quiet, as he lifted the sword.

"I call it Nyxter. The night's veil... Since it's pitch black like abyss." Gerald spoke with a proud smile.

<Inspect>

[Name: Nyxter]

[Type: Weapon]

[Rank: Rare]

[Crafter: Gerald Lon Kiggester]

[Description: A special sword crafted by legendary blacksmith Gerald Lon Kiggester. Forged from Travertine — a sacred, near-indestructible material from the Dwarf Kingdom. Don't be fooled by its dark look. The sword houses five distinct razor sharp blades, capable of slicing through nearly any surface.]

[Skill slots: 6]

[Skills: None]

[Enchantments: None]

Leon's fingers pressed firmly as he found the seam of the first cloth. With slow precision, he peeled it back.

A slender, dagger-like blade slid free, gleaming sharply — no handle, just clean, cold metal. He laid it gently on the table and turned to the second cloth.

With a flick of his wrist, the second layer unraveled. Another blade, just as flawless, slipped loose into his palm.

"These blades? Travertine," Gerald muttered, stepping closer. His thick fingers closed around one of them. Without hesitation, he stabbed the blade straight into the wooden table.

The blade sank through effortlessly, sinking into the wood like a hot knife through wax.

"See that?" Gerald's lips curled into a sharp smile.

Leon's eyes narrowed slightly, lips parting.

"Damn." His voice vibrated low, filled with weight.

"That'll cost you twenty-five silvers more," Gerald added coolly.

Leon's head snapped up, eyebrows raising.

"What!?" His chair scraped back as he shot to his feet, face hard.

"You're surprised, kid?"

"You said ten silvers. I gave you five already. Twenty-five more is a damn joke." Leon's hand slid into his pocket. He tossed five silvers onto the table with a clink.

Gerald shrugged, his expression calm and unfazed. He smoothly slid the sword away from Leon and dropped a single blade back onto the table in front of him.

"This is what you get for 10 silver."

"That's cheating," Leon muttered, his voice low and flat.

"No. That's called generosity. If I'd forged this with normal iron, you wouldn't have even made it to your first fight before it shattered."

Gerald's gaze darkened slightly. "Go ask around any dwarf, his forge will tell you what Travertine's worth."

Leon's jaw ticked. His eyes flicked to the blade again.

'Rare rank… yeah, he's not bluffing. Travertine's must be real, the description also says it's indestructible. Dwarves don't lie about craftsmanship. I'll trust it.'

His shoulders dropped slightly as he met Gerald's stare head-on.

"How about twenty silvers?" His tone was sharp, unmoving.

"Twenty-four silvers and fifty coppers. Final word. Material fee only. No labor cost. Plus lifetime free repairs." Gerald crossed his arms, standing firm.

Leon sucked in a breath through his teeth, jaw flexing. Then he reached into his pocket again and flipped out the gold coin.

"Got change?" His voice dropped, cold and clean.

Gerald's eyes locked on the coin like a starving man. His hand shot forward instinctively—

Leon pulled it back just an inch. "Change?" His brow arched slightly.

"Y-Yeah. Yeah. Don't worry," Gerald coughed, straightening up. "You check the sword. I'll grab your change."

Leon sat back down, never taking his eyes off the weapon. His hands closed around the hilt again, fingers dragging slowly down its length.

'Light. Balanced. Perfect fit.'

He peeled the third cloth. The fourth blade slid free — slick and razor-edged. The steel kissed his skin, slicing a fine, red line across his finger with just the faintest pressure.

"Damn… dangerous stuff," Leon muttered under his breath, setting the blade aside carefully. His eyes sharpened even more.

With calm precision, he undid the final cloth.

Two more blades dropped free — the thick core of the sword, and the last piece still bound to the handle.

He laid them all out in a clean line across the table, gaze heavy, breathing steady.

Then, without a word, Leon raised his hand.

"Threads…"

Five invisible mana threads snapped into existence, stretching from his fingers to the blades.

One by one, they rose smoothly into the air — floating, turning gently under Leon's control.

'Haha... This is going to-' Before Leon could've completed his sentence, one of the blade shot into the table.

"Oh shit... I can't control them-"

*Swish-Swish-Swish-Swish*

All the other four blades also started shooting into random directions.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111: It's been a pleasure doing business
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Okay… here's your seventy-five silver as chan—" Gerald returned with a pouch of coins, but the words died on his tongue.

His gaze snapped upward, narrowing on the four Nyxter blades embedded in the ceiling—and the fifth one sunk deep into his table.

Slowly, his eyes shifted to Leon, who was also observing the blades with an impassive stare.

"I don't want to know. Take your change, take your sword, and get the fuck out of my shop." Gerald's voice was dry as he tossed the bag of silver toward Leon.

*Catch*

"Can I get a sheath for the sword?" Leon asked, a faint smile playing on his lips.

…

Leon stood in front of the smithy looking at Gerald's irritated face behind the door.

"Don't come back… annoying human."

*THUD*

The door slammed shut behind him. Leon exhaled quietly and examined the Nyxter resting in a sleek black sheath, its leather fine and perfectly fitted.

<Inventory>

"Store," Leon spoke as the Nyxter disappeared from his hand and appeared into the inventory.

'I can't control more than one object with mana threads? The moment I tried manipulating all the blades, they spiraled out of control. I focused on one blade, but then the others slipped away… when I shifted focus again, everything collapsed.' His brow furrowed as he moved through the market, casually buying fruits and vegetables from a nearby vendor.

'I need to grab utensils for Olga so she can cook properly. And that bathtub—I still need to get that sorted.' Leon thought as he started walking towards the furniture district.

After ten minutes of weaving through cobbled streets, he finally found a furniture shop—One that didn't have the board saying 'Commoners Not Allowed'. It was modest but decent enough.

*Creak*

The wooden door groaned as Leon stepped inside. A man sat slouched at the counter, his hat tilted over his face, clearly asleep.

"Hello…?" Leon called, approaching him slowly.

"Chairs, two coppers a piece. Tables, five coppers. Wooden utensils—we don't sell 'em." The man's voice was gruff, his hat remaining firmly over his face.

"I want a bathtub," Leon said flatly.

"You want what ?" The man finally lifted his head, revealing sharp grey eyes, chiseled features, and a handsome face that couldn't have seen more than thirty years old.

"A bathtub," Leon repeated evenly looking around the shop, noticing spiderwebs and dust all over the place.

The man let out a quiet chuckle, leaning back. "A Bathtub, Wardrobe, Bed and Fancy Chairs. Those are luxury item, kid. We don't sell those—or rather, we're not allowed to make them."

Leon's eyes narrowed as he quietly activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Kai]

[Class: Carpenter]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 600/600]

[MP: 300/300]

[Description: Kai is a passionate carpenter who once dreamed of crafting unique and unparalleled wooden creations.

His skills surpassed even the Royal Carpenters, and when he sold his works to commoners, the nobles banned him from crafting anything beyond simple chairs and tables.]

'Well… isn't that interesting.' A smirk tugged at Leon's lips as an idea sparked in his mind.

"So… can't craft anything fancy, huh? Any particular reason?" Leon asked mildly as he dragged out a chair and sat.

"If I so much as think about making something other than chairs and tables, this shop we're sitting in? Gone.

No noble wants to see the same furniture in his house and a Commoner's House. So instead of banning you from buying it, they just banned us from making it.

I don't make it, you don't get it and Noble carpenters, oh well... they won't sell it to you. They aren't even carpenters, just some thiefs saying their class is carpenter. Oh well, door is there if you don't want to buy chair or table." Kai's smile was bitter but calm.

"Hey, Kai… want to work for me?" Leon's voice dropped low, confident.

'If I can pull him in… I'll have some really good furniture crafted for the dungeon.' Leon thought as his smirk deepened.

Kai's brow furrowed. "How do you know my name?"

"Don't worry about that. Just answer the question. What do you say?"

Kai hesitated, his jaw clenched tight. "Look… I've got a family. If anyone catches me making luxury furniture here, I'll rot in prison for life.

So, No matter how much you offer me. I can't make it."

"I'll give you a place far from noble or royal jurisdiction—a place where no one will stop you from crafting anything you want." Leon's words were soft but laced with promise.

"There's no such place."

"Oh, there is. Now, Kai… what do you say? You'll be free to craft anything you've been banned from.

It's your choice to make." Leon spoke as he stood up from the chair.

Kai swallowed hard as he saw truth in Leon's words. "E-Even beds and dressing tables with Royal designs ? Can I Make them too ?"

'Cat is in the bag... Now, I just need to trap it.' Leon thought.

"Yes. And I'll buy everything you make. So—will you work for me ?"

Kai exhaled shakily, his defenses cracking. "Fine… but you'll have to provide the wood."

"Oh, I've got plenty of wood." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Where do I have to go?" Kai asked, still wary.

"I'll be back after picking up a few more things. Then we'll head there. But before that…" Leon rested both palms on the counter, his voice and expressions turning cold. "There's something you should understand."

"What ?" Kai blinked, confused.

*Tap*

Leon's fingertip drummed against the wood counter—and in an instant, a pitch-black blade shot from his back pocket, streaking toward Kai's throat.

*Swish*

The blade froze a mere centimeter from his skin.

"What the—!?"

"Kai," Leon's voice darkened, his expression unflinching, "if anyone other than you discovers the location I'm about to show you… I can't guarantee your safety. Do you understand?"

"I—I understand. I swear on my family… I'll take the secret to my grave," Kai stammered, beads of sweat glistening on his forehead.

"Good." Leon's smile returned as he withdrew the blade and extended his hand. "Pleasure doing business with you."

"Y-yeah… same here," Kai muttered, his handshake weak and trembling.

'That was so fucking cool. It was good decision to keep one of the blade out.' Leon thought as he exited the shop with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112: Rules
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ting

Leon stepped into the utensil shop and saw the same old man from before.

"What do you want, kid?" the old man asked with a neutral expression, glancing at Leon.

"I need some utensils and—" Leon began, but his eyes drifted to the half-eaten creame puff sitting on the counter.

"No, no... Don't look at that. It's mine," the old man grumbled as he hurriedly stuffed the rest of the creame puff into his mouth, Like it's the last piece of food he is ever going to eat.

Nom-Nom-Nom

'Ah... shit. I never collected the money for those creame puffs from Ellie's family. I'll have to get that too,' Leon thought, keeping his expression neutral as the old man chewed greedily.

"Well... what do you want?" the old man asked again, brushing crumbs from his beard.

"Utensils. A pan, some bowls, and spoons," Leon said flatly.

"Tell me one by one. I'm old, kid," the man grumbled as he stood up.

—

15 minutes later

Leon stepped out of the shop, arms full of utensils, and stretched his back.

He then looked around and as soon as he got assured that no one is looking at him, he spoke the word.

"Store."

All the utensils disappeared from his hand except a spoon.

"Fucking hell... Inventory is full. I have to level it up and make more space." Leon spoke as he placed the spoon into his pocket and moved on.

"Now… where can I find an enchanter who can enchant weapons ?" he muttered, scanning the busy market.

"Hello, mister! Would you like to buy a creame puff ?"

The familiar voice made Leon turn immediately. Ellie stood behind him, smiling.

Today she wasn't in baggy or dirty clothes. She wore a neat green new outfit, her hair tied back into a ponytail, and she balanced a tray of creame puffs in her hands.

"Ah… Ellie," Leon spoke with a small smile.

"Sir Leon, I greet you," she replied cheerfully, bowing her head to him.

"Business is blooming, huh?" Leon asked as he took a Creame Puff from the plate.

"Yes, sir. All thanks to you. But… you never came to collect the money?" Ellie tilted her head curiously.

"Yeah, I got a little busy due to some work," Leon said casually.

"I even tried to find your house in the human village outside the kingdom, but they said they didn't know anyone named Sir Leon," she added.

"Which village did you go to?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yundero Village."

"No, no… that's on the west side. My village is on the south side of the kingdom," Leon corrected.

"Ah, I understand now," Ellie nodded.

"So… how much did you sell?" Leon asked.

"In the past four days, we've sold over seven thousand coppers worth of creame puffs and made a profit of six thousand coppers. I have three thousand coppers packed at home for you, Sir. I can fetch it right now if you want," she said with a big smile.

"Okay, first of all—never say those numbers out loud like that. And never bring that much money to the market. I'll come by your house later and collect it if I have time today,

You did good work, Ellie." Leon instructed, patting her gently on the head.

"Yes, sir. I understand and thank you for the appreciation." Ellie nodded again with a big smile.

"Hi… can I buy a creame puff?"

A beastkin man, covered in coarse brown fur, approached and handed Ellie five coppers.

"No," Ellie replied flatly as she gave him the coins back.

"But—" Before the man could've completed his sentence Ellie interrupted.

"I said no. I don't want to sell to you. Now get lost," she snapped.

"Listen here, little girl. I'm paying you the full price for this crap, so hand it over—" The man started speaking as he grabbed her neck.

Before he could finish, Leon's hand shot out and clamped around the man's neck.

Grab

"What the—"

"Didn't your mother teach you how to talk to little girls?" Leon asked coldly, his grip tightening.

Clench

"W-Who are you? *cough* L-Let go *cough-cough* of my neck!" the man gasped, clawing at Leon's hand and trying to pull away.

<Adrenaline Rush>

Leon's eyes turned jet black as a surge of power coursed through his body.

CLENCH

His fingers dug in even harder into his neck.

"W-What the fuck *cough-cough* I-I can't breathe…" the man wheezed, panic rising in his eyes.

"Oh my god…"

"What's happening?"

"Looks like a fight's breaking out!"

Within seconds, a crowd had gathered around them.

"I-I'm sorry *cough-cough* I'll never bother her again. *cough-cough* Please let me go!" the man gasped, his eyes reddening from lack of air.

"Sir… he's not worth it," Ellie said softly, placing her small hand on Leon's leg with a worried look.

'Shit… I'm attracting too much attention,' Leon thought, releasing his grip and turning off the skill.

"If I ever see you near her again, you'll die a dog's death," Leon warned coldly before grabbing Ellie's hand and walking away.

*COUGH-COUGH*

—

"T-Thank you, Sir Leon," Ellie said, bowing once again.

"Don't worry about it. But tell me, why didn't you sell him the creame puff?" Leon asked as they walked through the market.

"He's one of the villagers who calls my mom a whore… and I don't like him. He also beat my brother once," Ellie admitted quietly, her eyes downcast.

"I see," Leon murmured.

"Being weak sucks in this world… anyone can hurt your family, and you can't do anything about it," Ellie muttered bitterly.

"You want to get stronger?" Leon asked, glancing at her.

"I do… but beastkin near the human kingdom aren't allowed to learn combat skills or magic spells. It's what the royal court decided when they took us in after the war," Ellie explained, her voice low.

"Rules are for people who want to get crushed by those in power, darling. They're made by the weak who have numbers to keep you in control," Leon spoke with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113: A view to see
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'll take my leave now. But if anyone tries to fuck with you… tell me." Leon said, his expression flat as he looked at Ellie.

"Thank you for your help, Sir Leon. When you come by the house, I'll make you a proper meal this time, I promise.

I'll take my leave now—I have to sell these Creame Puffs and buy bread for the next batch." Ellie smiled, then turned and disappeared into the crowd.

Leon also turned and made his way towards Kai's shop.

After a ten-minute walk, he finally stood in front of the old wooden door.

*Click*

He stepped inside and found Kai standing by the counter, a bag slung over his right shoulder.

"I'm ready," Kai said with a grin.

"What's in the bag?" Leon asked, narrowing his eyes.

"My tools. Specially enchanted by the Enchanters from the High Tower," He replied as both of them stepped out and Kai locked the shop behind him.

'High Tower? What the hell is that?' Leon thought, frowning.

"So… how good are those High Tower Enchanters ?" Leon asked to get more information about the enchanters.

"Oh, the best enchanters you'll find in this kingdom. If you want anything enchanted, you go to them. Problem is… they're insane," Kai replied casually as they started walking toward the wagon station.

"Insane ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah. Most of the time when you ask for an enchantment, they demand materials you can't even imagine getting.

Like if you want to increase your weapon's speed, They'll ask for the blood and core of a Thunder Jaguar.

If you want sharpness, They'll demand the teeth and bones of a Gravethorn Wyrm. I have seen that monster in books and that thing's bigger than five men stacked on top of each other.

Most people either die trying to collect the materials on their own… or spend their whole life forming parties just to search for them.

The rich mages also set up quests on the guild board." Kai replied as he shook his head in disappointment.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "What about you? How'd you get yours? Did you also Fought a golem for its balls or what ?"

"Hahaha... No, No... I asked for basic enchantments. Those just cost money. No hunting monsters for me." Kai replied with a smile.

"I see. What kind of basic enchantments did you get ?" Leon asked.

"My hammer has a minor Strength Enchantment, and my chisels have various sharpness enchantments. I can control how much force I put into every strike by channeling mana into them.

But, they have limitations." Kai replied.

"Not bad," Leon muttered as they reached the wagon station and climbed into the wagon.

"Good enough for me. Cost me seventy coppers to get them done. Then the nobles banned me from making anything fancy.

Never got to use them on proper furniture—just tables and chairs," Kai said with a hint of disappointment.

"You'll get to use them properly now. Here." Leon handed him a white handkerchief. "Wrap this around your eyes."

Kai blinked. "Why?"

"I have trust issues." Leon replied with straight face.

"Ah… fair enough." Kai tied the cloth over his eyes.

Ten minutes later, the wagon stopped.

"Okay, we get off here," Leon said, gripping Kai's shoulder and guiding him down.

"Where are we?" Kai asked, blindfolded and confused.

"Walk with me. We're almost there." Leon spoke as he led him through the woods and into the dungeon entrance.

"I'm taking it off now." Leon untied the cloth from Kai's eyes.

"Uh… I don't think you removed it properly. I still can't see anything," Kai said as he ran his hands along the wall.

"Hold up." Leon pulled a lamp from his inventory and lit it.

As the warm light spread through the room, Kai blinked and looked at the stone walls around him.

"What is this place?" he asked, stepping closer to the wall.

"It's a dungeon," Leon replied flatly.

Kai froze. "Wait… what?"

"Yeah."

"Oh my god… are you insane? There could be monsters in here—"

"Don't worry. I own it." Leon replied with a smile.

Kai stared at him, horrified. "What? You can't own a dungeon. You're human. Only monsters can own them."

"Don't worry too much about that stuff, Just do your work. This is your floor to work on. I'll bring you wood later. Get comfortable—and don't go to the second floor," Leon said, handing him the lamp.

"Why? What's on the second floor?" Kai asked with a confused expression.

"Don't worry about it. Just get your tools ready. I'll be back." Leon replied with a smile as he vanished into thin air.

*Swish*

Kai stumbled back, his jaw slack. "What the hell ?!"

'What the fuck have I gotten myself into…?' he thought, clutching the lamp as sweat started forming over his body.

---

Third Room,

Leon's body flickered back into existence.

"I greet you, my master," Elis said, bowing deeply.

"Huh...? You look a little bigger than before." Leon spoke as he noticed that the colour of her core has turned dark blue and the Aura that her body is made out of has also gotten thicker.

"Yes, Master... I have evolved." Elis replied with a neutral expression.

"Oh, Nice..." Leon spoke as he immediately used his skill on her.

<Inspect>

[Name: Elis]

[Race: Unknown]

[Class: Dungeon Core]

[Rank: E]

[Master: Leon Luster]

[HP: 9000/9000]

[MP: 180000/30000000]

[Description: Elis is a Dungeon Core, binded to Leon Luster. She can store a huge amount of mana inside her body and change the nature of dungeon accordingly with it.

She can now also control three elementals inside the dungeon... Fire, Water and Air.]

'Three elementals ?' Leon thought for a second but he ignored it for now.

"So, can you make more rooms now, Elis ?" He asked with an excited expression.

"Yes Master, I can manage four more rooms now." Elis replied.

"Leon? Are you back?" Olga's voice echoed uncertainly in the dark.

"Oh, she is also here, Hold on." Leon spoke as he pulled out ten lamps from his inventory that he had bought from the market earlier and set them on the floor.

"Elis, light them up and spread them out through the room." Leon ordered.

"As you command, Master," Elis said. She pressed her palm to the ground, and the lamps burst to life, gliding to different corners of the room.

The dim stone room glowed warmly, revealing Olga sitting on the stone bed, soaked from head to toe. Her wet clothes clung tightly to her huge boobs and thick ass.

Leon smirked, his eyes darkening.

"Well… that's one view I wouldn't mind seeing more often," he muttered with a crooked, perverted grin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114: Olga is Dumb
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Olga rose from the stone bed, her soaked clothes clinging tight as she walked toward Leon. The fabric molded itself to her body — her thin blouse pressed against her bare chest, the soft shape of her breasts outlined beneath, dark brown nipples faintly visible through the wet cloth.

Her white wet skirt wrapped around her thick thighs, the dampness tracing every curve without mercy.

She stopped in front of Leon, close enough that he could see the drops sliding down her collarbone, disappearing into her cleavage.

With a gentle motion, she brushed her wet hair back from her face.

"Leon… I'm wet," she said softly, her tone neutral.

'Control, You can't just slam her down to the ground, tear her clothes apart and fuck her like some stupid lust driven beast.

Wait, who is stopping- No, No... That's wrong.' Leon thought as his jaw tightened, his stare shamelessly roaming all over her body and his dick making a huge tent in his pants.

"Yeah… I can see that. So, Care to explain... How this happened ?" Leon asked his eyes continuously eye-fucking her boobs.

"I was trying to make a huge water bubble over my head, suddenly the candles went out, and I lost focus… it spilled all over me." Olga explained her voice and expressions remaining innocent.

'Calm down. You can't say that to her. She—

Before Leon's thoughts could finish, his cock snapped control of his mouth.

"So… why don't you take them off ?" His voice wasn't smooth anymore. It cracked low and dirty. His smile twisted into a really perverted smile.

Olga blinked softly and unaware. Her lips parted in gentle confusion. "What?"

"I mean… your clothes are wet. Just… take them off or you will catch a cold." His words came out sharp. Leon's eyes were bolted to every soaked inch of her body.

His cock pulsed so violently it felt like it was splitting veins.

'She won't fall for something that dumb—'

"You're right. I should take off my clothes or I'll catch a cold." Olga smiled, all innocent acceptance, as her fingers started opening the strings of her bodice.

'Thank you God, for making dumb women in this world too.' Leon's throat locked tight. His eyes sharpened like blades as her fingers tugged the fabric loose.

*Swish*

Olga pulled her bodice out with a swift thrust— and her tits erupted into the open.

They burst free, bouncing violently, clapping together against her chest before settling into a heavy, slow sway that seemed to mock gravity itself.

Two massive, round mountains of slick, soft flesh — her areolas wide and dark, textured like silk velvet, nipples thick and stiff, standing straight up.

Leon's cock twitched so hard it hurt.

'I swear to fucking God, I'll bite those nipples until she screams and those areolas, They are made to be sucked on.'

*Gulp*

He swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

"Phew… it feels so nice," Olga sighed softly, stretching her arms overhead without a care. Her tits lifted and spread with the motion, their weight shifting obscenely.

"I think I'm wet under my boobs too," she murmured, sliding her hands beneath them with gentle curiosity.

Her palms scooped under the fat swell, mashing and lifting those fleshy mounds upward. They jiggled violently, slapping softly against each other, water cascading in thick rivulets down the curves. It raced to her nipples — where fat droplets clung and trembled, dangling heavily before falling slow and wet.

Leon's whole body shuddered. His cock felt like molten stone, twitching uncontrollably.

'Leon control yourself... She is a dumb girl and you can't take benefit of-'

"Maybe you should… remove your skirt too," he spoke. His perverted stare dragged greedily down to her hips. "It's wet as well. Cold will creep up your legs, you know."

"Oh, you're right! I'll remove it immediately." Olga smiled brightly and hooked her fingers into her skirt's waistband, peeling it down her hips.

"Wait... Wear it back. You need to do it again." Leon spoke as he walked behind Olga.

"What ? But Why ?" Olga asked with a confused expression.

"Well, it's not a goodluck if you remove your skirt so fast. Don't you know ? You need to remove it slowly, while someone watches you from behind." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Really ?" Olga asked with a suspicious expression.

"You know, People die from that badluck." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I see... I will do it slowly then." Olga spoke as she rolled her skirt up and started rolling it down once again by bending down slowly.

Her huge ass bulged out from the back as the skirt slipped down, revealing thick, luscious thighs — drenched and shimmering, water streaking down the plush flesh. Between them, her soaked black panties molded tight against her pussy lips, the fabric vanishing into every curve and fold.

Her ass cheeks swallowed the cloth, fat and jiggling as she stood straight again.

"Good... now you won't die." Leon spoke as he walked back to the front and noticed that above the black panties, thick red curls, soaked and untamed, spilled freely.

Leon's jaw quivered as more drool spilled from his mouth.

'I swear on my life, I'll rip those panties off with my teeth. I'll eat that pussy until my nose drowns in her scent. I'll breed her so hard she'll never fucking walk again.'

"I feel… even lighter now," Olga giggled sweetly, stepping out of her skirt. Her hips rolled softly, tits bouncing wildly, thighs clapping faintly together as droplets sprayed from her skin.

"Okay, this is it... I am-"

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH... MONSTERSSSSS." Suddenly, a screaming sound came from the second floor.

"That stupid fuck... I told him not to come to the second floor." Leon spoke as he immediately disappeared from the first floor.

He then re-appeared at the second floor and noticed that the Slimes are all standing on one side of the floor and Kai is standing on the other side with the lamp.

"What hell are you doing here ?" Leon asked.

"What the-!?" Kai immediately turned around and noticed that Leon was standing right behind him.

"I-I thought I heard some noise coming from the second floor... S-So-"

"Kai, I promised to give you a place in here and I told you not to go on the second floor... Which part of that conversation didn't you understand ?

Go on the first floor... I will bring you a tree. You need to start making that bathtub, I need it by tonight." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes..." Kai spoke as both of them walked back to the first floor.

'Fucking Hell... Why did I have to bring him here, today ? I could easily fucked that dumb bitch.' Leon thought with an Irritated expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115: Blast Seal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon stood still outside the dungeon, right in front of a huge tree.

He looked up at it with a neutral expression.

"Well then let's make a skill and bring this tree down for my bathtub." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he activated the skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Blast Seal."

[Skill 'Blast Seal' has been created.]

[Rank has been set to F by default.]

[Please state the use of the skill.]

Leon began speaking clearly and directly.

"When used, this skill will enchant the user's hand with a seal marker. Wherever the seal is applied, it will create a very small almost negligible explosion, dealing -1 HP damage on command. Each seal costs 20 mana. Seals can be applied back-to-back and if two or more are applied close together, the next seal's damage will increase exponentially by 1% ."

[Processing...]

Leon stared at the screen and thought to himself.

'After creating "Mana Return," I was trying to make something similar. I think I found the right wording with this skill.'

'If I make the system think it's a weak skill, I can get something like this approved. First seal deals 1 HP damage.

If I place another seal near it, it'll do 1.01 HP. Then Ten seals will deal 10.43 HP damage, Twenty will deal 22.02 Damage, at hundred seals it should hits around 170 HP Damage but twist comes when thousand seals are applied to an opponent... Because it will deal around 20000 damage and that is broken. And the system won't flag it.

Because when reading the skill, it costs 20 mana per seal and barely increases the damage. But... with infinite mana, it should make one hell of a damage dealing skill.' Leon thought with a serious expression.

[Skill description accepted.]

Leon smirked and clenched his fist. "Fuck yes."

[Please select a chant word for the skill {Blast Seal}.]

"Seal."

[Chant 'Seal' has been registered.]

[Mana Cost: 20 MP per seal]

[Cooldown: 5 minutes after each blast]

[Would you like to learn this skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it."

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Blast Seal}]

Leon stepped forward, facing the tree again.

"Now... let's test it." Leon spoke with a smile as he activated the skill.

"Seal."

A small glowing circle appeared on his palm. He touched the tree and removed his hand.

[Seal Applied]

[-20 MP]

[+102090 MP]

[Please select chant to detonate the seal...]

Leon paused for a second.

"Huh. A chant to blow it up… ?"

"Kaboom." Leon spoke without thinking much.

[Chant 'Kaboom' registered as the detonation trigger]

'Although the skill looks good on paper calculations, There's still one big problem with it and that is time.

If I can't apply seals fast enough in a fight, the damage will amount to nothing, making it a stupid skill to be used in a fight against a moving target.

But, I have thought of a way to bypass it as well, if placing my hand once applies a single seal, then sliding it should...' Leon thought as he touched the tree again and this time slid his hand to the right slowly.

Notifications started popping up.

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

...

"Haha... It's working." Leon spoke as a smile appeared over his face and he kept sliding.

'One seal can't be applied over the other one unless I take my hand off and place it over it again, but if I slide my hand around the empty surface, I can make more and more seals.

Just like I thought.' Leon thought with a smile as he stopped his hand at one place but the notification didn't stop.

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

...

More and more messages appeared in front of his face without any stops.

"What the fuck...?" He asked with a confused expression as he couldn't understand what was happening and suddenly he felt his head getting heavier.

"Oh fuck—" Leon spoke as his mana dropped sharply and he immediately pulled his hand back.

[-400 MP]

[+102101 MP]

As soon as the mana regenerated back to full, He felt his head getting back to the normal state.

"Fucking hell... I need to get my level up or this mana draining shit will keep torturing me.

Even Adaptive Body doesn't get to turn on because it regenerates so fast." Leon thought as he slowly looked up at the tree's stump and noticed the seal that he just created.

It was darker than the other seals and clearly visible from a distance.

"The seal is... stacked ?" Leon muttered with a confused expression as he slowly looked at his hand again.

'How is that happening ? I can understand that the seals are being applied on the empty space but why didn't they stack when I touched it the first time ?' Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I need to see this again." He spoke as he placed his hand over the tree again.

[Seal Applied]

Suddenly, a single notification popped up in front of his face.

'Okay... Will it start stacking now ?' Leon thought with a confused expression as kept waiting.

Ten seconds passed and nothing happened.

Suddenly, he began sliding his hand upwards.

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

The notifications started popping slowly as the seals were being imprinted on the tree's stump as his hand moved upwards slowly.

Suddenly, Leon stopped his hand in one place and his mana started dropping rapidly, as notifications flooded his view.

"The seals... they're being applied over the same spot again." Leon spoke as his eyes widened in shock and his body weakened slightly.

But before it got worse, his mana regeneration kicked in again.

[-400 MP]

[+102106 MP]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

...

Leon removed his hand from the stump as he understood, why it was happening.

"I'm not removing my hand. That's why the system doesn't reset the seal point. But it also can't stop the skill from applying more seals at empty surface either. Because that would go against the description I gave—'back to back.' It's stuck in a loop.

Applying one seal won't trigger it, but if I move my hand and stop it at one location after that, it will go crazy."

He stepped back, breathing heavily, and did some quick calculations in his mind.

'Holy shit… What did I just create?'

'I can turn anything from a small wooden piece to a massive building into a bomb. A massive, controlled explosion. So I'm draining 400 mana per second. At 20 mana per seal, that's 20 seals a second. Which means... in 50 seconds, I can reach 1,000 seals easily.'

'That's over 20,000 damage and if I kept holding it for one hour, the damage numbers will cross into trillions.

There has to be some limit on this skill and if there isn't one... Then I could destroy a whole kingdom in less than an hour.

Fuck the kingdom... I can destroy this whole planet in 24 hours. It's sad, that I can't test it... I mean, Who would want to destroy a world full of sexually frustrated MILFs ?

But, I will still test a thousand seals on a tree just not near the dungeon,' Leon thought with a smile as he started walking inside the forest.

---

Somewhere High above the mortal worlds, in a quiet corner, two angels sat on a glowing marble bench.

One of them was the same angle that transferred Leon's soul to the other world.

"So, You killed him by mistake and sent him to another world with a magical smartphone ?" The angel asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah," the other angel said. "He asked for one. I figured it was harmless until I keep a close eye on him. He's having fun down there and I think there are many girls who wants to marry him."

"What about you ? Didn't you kill a guy who wasn't supposed to die ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah that was a big blunder, I was only supposed to take out a cat walking through an abandoned street.

That stupid human came in between and got himself killed. I had to transfer his soul in another world and took a verbal oath that he won't tell anyone about it.

If he breaks it, he will die immediately and my work will be less." The angel replied with a neutral expression.

"Well, aren't you watching him then ?"

"Not really. He's boring. Just tries to mate with every married woman he sees. Spends his time drawing some long numbers in snow.

After that I stopped observing him."

The other angel blinked. "What?"

"Yeah. I'll check on him again in twenty years. Kill him again, process his soul. Back to being the perfect angle."

"You're lucky. Mine's got forty more years left, and because of that magical smartphone, I have to keep watching him 24/7."

"Sad for you huh ? Mine can't do anything... He has no good skills and I don't think, he will get any."

[Author: This chapter might feel longer, it's 1500 words.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116: Consequences
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Vinceral Forest, Leon stood in front of a massive tree—not too close, not too far from the dungeon.

"Alright… let's see how strong you are. We'll start with two hundred seals." He stepped up to the tree, pressed his hand against the trunk, and activated his skill.

"Seal."

<Blast Seal>

A glowing circular seal lit up on the palm of his right hand.

[Seal Applied]

[-20 MP]

[+102,276 MP]

As soon as the first seal was applied to the stump, Leon slid his hand upward and stopped it there.

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

...

Suddenly, one after another, the notifications started piling up in front of him as his mana drained rapidly.

"One…" Leon muttered under his breath, counting the seconds. Every second, twenty seals were being applied to the stump.

[-400 MP]

Suddenly, His head started to feel heavy and his body weakened as if someone just sucked out all the energy from it.

Even then, he didn't lift his hand. He kept going.

[+102,280 MP]

"Two… three… four…"

'Damn… every second feels like a rollercoaster. My vision goes black, my head's pounding like crazy, I feel like I'm about to faint—and then all the mana comes back, just to start the process all over again.' Leon thought as he grabbed his head tightly and continued to count.

"....seven ....eight …nine… ten." He finally pulled his hand away and looked at the dark coloured seal on the tree's stump.

"Phew… That should be 200 seals." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he took a few steps back from the tree.

"Hwre goes nothing... Kaboom," he said under his breath. 1

The moment the word left his mouth, the seals covering the trunk began glowing brightly and then—

*BOOOOM*

*THUD*

A medium explosion shook the area, and the tree collapsed instantly, smoke rising from the burnt stump.

"Holy shit… now that was something, Although I didn't expected it to be this loud and powerful." Leon said with a grin as he approached the broken tree, eyeing the large burn mark left behind on one end.

"…Now how do I pick this thing up and bring it back to the dungeon ?" he muttered with a puzzled look.

Just then, voices started coming from the other side of the forest.

"It came from this direction!"

"Yeah, it has to be here. I definitely heard it."

'Is this forest full of Adventurers or what ?' Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at the big figure coming out from behind the trees.

A large, bald man with a mace and shield stepped out from the bushes and looked at Leon with a confused expression.

'This guy… I've seen him before, the day I found that goblin dungeon. It was his party that I was following.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Where is it ? Is it dead ?" Another figure appeared behind him—a skinny guy in mage robes, holding a wand.

Then came a girl in healer's clothes, running behind them and stopping when she spotted Leon.

"Did you guys find it?" she asked, glancing around and seeing nothing but the big tree lying on the ground.

"Nope. Just some stupid kid blowing up trees," said a voice from above.

Leon looked up. A blonde girl sat on a branch, an old bow in her hands, watching him with a smirk.

'When did she even get up there?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Umm… are you an adventurer from the guild?" the tank asked with a confused expression.

"No," Leon replied flatly.

"I swear, I felt a huge mana surge here. It was strong, It has to be her." the mage said, glancing around again.

"I don't see any monsters," the archer added from her perch.

"Sir, did you happen to see a large, cat-like monster pass through here ? She's badly hurt," the healer asked politely.

"No," Leon replied again, his expressions unchanged.

"Wow, you are a rude guy huh ? She even called you 'sir,' and you replied with an attitude filled 'No'." the archer chimed in, smirking.

Leon narrowed his eyes and activated his skill on all of them.

<Inspect>

[Name: Max]

[Class: Tank]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 200/200]

[HP: 400/400]

[Description: Max is an excellent tank who can attract any monster's aggro to himself by taunting it and take a good amount of damage on his body.]

'Level 4... tank.'

[Name: Bela]

[Class: Healer]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 150/150]

[HP: 200/200]

[Description: Bela is weak when it comes to defend herself but she a good healer and can also cast some buffs on her teammates.]

'Level 2 Healer.'

[Name: Ludric]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 300/300]

[HP: 600/600]

[Description: Ludric is the intelligent leader of the party and all the decisions are made after his permission in the party.]

'Level 6 Mage.'

[Name: Frea]

[Class: Archer]

[Race: Human]

[Mana: 250/250]

[HP: 500/500]

[Description: Frea is an excellent archer but she hates people with attitude because of her father and punishes them in front of her party.

She is pretty annoyed by you.]

'Level 5 Archer… with daddy issues. I can handle them. Just hope I won't have to kill them,' Leon thought, keeping his face calm.

"So? Are you going to apologize or what ?" Frea asked, eyeing him coldly.

"She asked a question. I answered. I don't think she wants apology for that, because she is not a stupid Bitch like you." Leon replied with a taunting smirk.

"What did you say to me ?" Frea growled, drawing an arrow from her quiver.

"We don't need to start a fight," Ludric interjected. "There are monsters nearby. If we make too much noise—"

"No, Lud. I'll deal with him." Frea raised her bow and aimed at Leon. "Mr. Red Eyes. Now either you apologize to my friend and me or die."

"Okay, okay—this is getting out of hand, Frea keep that bow down," Ludric tried to calm her. "He doesn't even have a weapon—"

Leon's smirk widened. 1

"You just said some really big words. I hope you're ready to face consequences for them," he said quietly, activating another skill.

"Threads."

Invisible mana threads shot out from his fingers and connected to a one of the Nyxter's blade tucked in his back pocket.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117: EGO
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Should I take that as a threat?" Frea asked with a smile, her arrow now aimed squarely at Leon's head.

"Frea… this is madness. You can't just kill someone because he said 'no' in a rude tone," Ludric said, his voice firm and brows furrowed.

"I know," she replied casually. "But something about this guy just pisses me off. I can't explain it… and I'm not in the mood to ignore it. So today, either he apologizes—or he dies."

She didn't lower her bow and continued to aim it at Leon's forehead.

"She's joking. Just walk away, she won't actually shoot," Bela said in a neutral tone, her eyes watching Leon.

"Bela… you ruined the fun," Frea pouted, finally lowering her bow. "I bet he was about to say sorry."

Leon tilted his head slightly, a faint smile forming. "You might want to raise that bow again. Because now… I'm feeling pretty damn annoyed.

And don't Loose Grip on it..."

<Loose Grip>

Thud.

The bow slipped from Frea's hand before she could've reacted.

"What the—" She immediately lowered her hand in order to catch it but Leon already raised his fingers at her, his eyes sharply looking at her open hand.

"I want her fingers." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

In an instant, the pitch-black blade hidden in his pocket flew out and shot forward like a shadow.

Slice. Slice. Slice. Slice.

In a blink, four of Frea's fingers were severed cleanly by the Nyxter's blade.

*Pull*

Leon curled a finger, and the blade snapped back to him.

Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.

The dismembered fingers hit the dirt just as Frea's scream tore through the forest.

"AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! MY FINGERSSSSSSSS!"

She dropped to her knees, her eyes locked in horror at the blood gushing from her hand.

'She crossed a line. There are people I don't like—but I usually let it slide. Because they're nobles, or because killing them isn't worth it.

But the moment she pointed that arrow at me… I knew. If I let this go, something worse would happen in the future.' Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked down and noticed that her party had already moved into formation.

The tank—Max—stood in front, shield raised. The healer, Bela, was behind him, and the mage, Ludric, had already begun chanting a spell.

'Typical. These guys have only ever fought dumb monsters. They've never faced someone with intelligence.

Why would they take that formation in front of me ?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

Leon took a step forward, his voice calm but cold.

"Do you think I'm some mindless monster that's going to bash against your shield and wait for your mage to finish casting?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at the tank.

"You attacked our teammate first," Max growled. "So we'll respond the same way."

"Before you do that…" Leon said, casually raising a hand, "you might want to check on your healer."

"What?" Ludric's eyes widened as he turned his head—only to freeze.

The Nyxter's blade hovered silently, just a centimeter away from Bela's throat.

"I-I-I don't want to die… Please save me, God," Bela whimpered, her eyes shut tight and hands pressed together in desperate prayer.

"W-We surrender! Don't do anything to her!" Ludric shouted, dropping his wand to the ground.

Thud.

The moment it hit the dirt, Max let go of his shield and mace as well.

*Thud* *Thud*

Pull.

Leon calmly recalled his blade, sliding it back into his pocket like nothing had happened.

"Good, I'll be taking my leave now. And If you don't want her to lose those fingers permanently, reattach them and cast a healing spell on them, maybe it will work." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he turned and began walking away.

"W-What…?" Max blinked in confusion, not quite processing what Leon had just told them.

"Do it," Ludric ordered, his voice hard as he looked down at Bela.

"Y-Yes!" she responded quickly, running over to Frea and carefully picking up the severed fingers.

"L-Ludric… he… he sliced them off. H-He hacked all of my fingers…" Frea sobbed, trembling as she stared at her hand.

"Oh, Mother of Healing… please grant me your mercy and restore your child." Bela started chanting as she placed the fingers back on her hand.

<Heal>

As soon as the skill was casted, A faint golden light surrounded Bela's hands. Slowly—almost miraculously—the severed fingers began to reattach, tissue knitting themselves together.

"T-This is incredible…" Max whispered, his eyes widened in shock. "I've never heard of this kind of recovery method before…"

"Why would he chop off her fingers and then tell us how to reattach them?" Ludric muttered, still baffled.

"You guys… We have to take revenge," Frea hissed, tears streaking her face as she turned to Ludric. "We have to kill that bastard."

"Kill him ? Didn't you see how that blade sliced through your fingers like paper? That thing's too dangerous." Max spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Frea.

"Max is right," Ludric added. "He's strong. And you were the one who provoked him first. If you had just let him go, we'd be tracking that damn monster by now."

"W-What…?" Frea stared at them in disbelief.

---

Meanwhile, Leon walked calmly back toward the dungeon, his expression unreadable.

'That was some damn good sharpness, he thought, pulling out the blade and examining it with a satisfied smile. Sliced through her fingers like a knife through vegetables. I knew Gerald was the right guy to forge this.' Leon thought as he cleaned the drops of blood from the blade.

"Human…" A heavy voice came from behind as a massive shadow fell over him.

"What the—" Leon turned, his eyes narrowing.

Behind him stood a monstrous feline, towering and sleek. Its pitch-black fur shimmered like ink, but its three white tails lashed the air with menace.

Long fangs jutted from its mouth, dripping with saliva. Its glowing green eyes locked onto him like a predator sizing up prey.

[Author: I also want to thank Kai writer151 for the biggest donation last week.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118: The Shadow Velmora
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon's body froze for a second as soon as he saw the huge creature standing behind him.

"Human..." The monster spoke in a deep voice, its bloodlust instantly overwhelming Leon's body.

"A-Adrenaline Rush…" As soon as those words left his mouth, Leon's eyes turned completely black. Incredible strength surged through him, and he regained the control over his body.

<Adrenaline Rush>

'I am not fighting this thing… I am running.' Leon thought, immediately turning around to flee.

*THUD*

But before he could move, a loud thud echoed behind him as if something big has fallen down.

Leon slowly turned his head. The massive cat-like monster had collapsed on the ground. Blood poured from its stomach and it's mouth.

"What the fuck?" Leon deactivated [Adrenaline Rush] and pulled the blade from his back pocket.

He tightly grabbed the blade in his hand while keeping his distance from it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Race: Shadow Velmora]

[Level: 20]

[HP: 8796/30000]

[MP: 356/15000]

[Description: Shadow Velmoras are highly intelligent and playful monsters. These creatures possess a rare ability to manipulate mana freely.

They do not harm humans unless provoked or if their territory is invaded. Their soft fur and charm-controlling eyes make them rare and hunted.

They usually appear at night or during early morning to hunt prey.]

[Debuff: Poisoned, Bleeding.]

'Poison and Bleeding... Looks like he is the monster those stupid fucks were looking for.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"I can't believe how those guys fucked you up… It says you're intelligent and still got injured by such a dumbass party," Leon said, his expression flat as he stared at the Velmora.

"H-Humans… Caught me…" the Velmora muttered weakly.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"They caught me… off guard… after my fight with an Arachne. I was poisoned and weak… that's when they spotted me and started attacking." Its voice grew fainter.

"Wait… Arachne? Isn't that the half-spider, half-girl thing ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"We've met before… Leon Luster," the Velmora said, turning its eye toward him and smiling faintly.

"I don't remember meeting a creature this big. I mean, my memory's bad, but I'd remember a giant cat—"

"I was not in my original form back then. Remember the day at the Velthorne academy's gate…" The Velmora spoke.

"Outside the gate? But I only met—oh wait. Were you that black cat that rubbed against my leg?" Leon blinked as he remembered immediately.

"That day, I was using an invisibility spell. You were the only one who saw me and started patting my head. I was surprised to see that."

"Wait… what do you mean 'invisible' ?" Leon asked again.

"I followed you around for quite some time, but I still don't understand why you could see me."

"That professor… when he came up to me. Could he see you ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as his brows furrowed.

"No," the Velmora replied simply.

"…Now I understand why that guy looked at me like I was a mental guy. To him, I was petting the air. Even I'd call myself dumb after doing something like that." Leon said with a deadpan look.

"Can you… hel—*cough cough*…"

Blood splattered on the ground from both, his mouth and his stomach.

"What?" Leon asked, walking closer.

"Can you… h-help me?" The Velmora asked with a serious expression.

"Help you? I'm not a healer and—"

"I don't need a healer. My natural regeneration is enough to counter the poison and close the wounds. But I need mana to activate it. You have so much around you and I've sensed it.

The amount of mana your body releases after every skill cast—it's insane. Not even the strongest monster in this forest has that kind of mana release." The Velmora spoke with a neutral expression.

"How do you know?" Leon asked.

"I'm a mana-sensitive creature, Leon Luster. And I'm not asking for your mercy. I'll offer you something of equal value in trade for saving my life."

"Equal trade?" Leon tilted his head.

"Yes…"

'I mean, I have infinite mana. Maybe he can give me something useful.' Leon made up his mind quickly.

"Fine. How much do you need, and how do I give it to you?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Do that thing," the Velmora said.

"What thing?"

"The thing you did to the elf's arrow and that rock two days ago." The Velmora replied with a smile.

"Wait—you were watching me the whole time?" Leon said, shocked.

"Your awareness is not that—*cough*—great…" The Velmora spoke as it wheezed out more blood.

"You probably shouldn't say that to someone who's about to save your life." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"I-I'm sorry… Now do it before I die or you won't get the reward." The Velmora pushed itself up off the blood-covered ground and stood directly in front of Leon.

"You'll die if I shoot pure mana at you. You have already seen what it can do, right ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I'm a Shadow Velmora. If I can't take it, then I might as well die now." The Velmora spoke with a confident expression.

"Well… I don't care if you die. If you do, I get a level-up. If you live, I get a reward. Win-win for me." Leon spoke in a low voice as he raised his hand and pointed a finger at the Velmora, focusing his mana in it.

"I don't underst—"

"Too late." Leon spoke with a smile as the drop of pure mana fell down from his finger.

*Tip*

[-1 MP]

SRRRRRRRRRR

A sharp beam of mana fired from his finger, striking the Velmora directly in the head.

Instead of dying, its body began to absorb the energy. Its fur glowed bright blue and all of it's wounds started healing.

[-5000 MP]

[+102376 MP]

Leon didn't stop.

[-5000 MP]

[+102376 MP]

[-5000 MP]

[+102376 MP]

[-5000 MP]

[+102376 MP]

"T-That's enough! That's enough!" the Velmora shouted and leapt out of the beam's path.

Leon stopped it and looked down at his finger with a serious expression.

It was glowing blue, swollen, and throbbing with pain.

"Fucking hell… Heal." He casted a healing spell instantly trying to loose the pain a bit.

"No need for that…" the Velmora said and walked over to him.

*Lick*

It licked his finger gently and suddenly a notification popped up in front of Leon.

[Hostile monster is trying to cast a friendly skill on you. Accept? Yes/No]

'Accept it.' Leon thought.

<Lick's Heal>

The swelling vanished and the pain disappeared immediately.

"How did you—?!" Leon stared at Velmora.

"Humans aren't the only ones who understand skills. Monsters can learn too. And if a monster gains enough knowledge… we can surpass you." It spoke with a proud expression.

"Yeah? Then why didn't you heal yourself?"

"Well, I said if. I don't know how to read your language. That's why I stopped sneaking into academies after that day." The Velmora grinned and began following Leon.

Leon started heading back toward the dungeon.

"Why come to me? I'm also a human, just like the rest of the. What if I had killed you ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Well… First, you chopped off that dumb archer's fingers. Then you made them drop their weapons with one threat. And you protected your honor.

I like that. And the fact that you could see through my invisibility spell—even now as I have casted it on myself." The Velmora spoke with a neutral expression.

"You're invisible?" Leon raised an eyebrow as he looked at him and noticed that he can look at him clearly.

"Yes. How are you doing that?" the Velmora asked with a confused expression.

"I don't know… I can still see you clear as day." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Are you using a skill?" The Velmora asked.

"No, I am not using- … Wait." Leon opened his notification panel and noticed that one skill was active.

<Glitch Point>

He turned it off and suddenly the Velmora vanished from it's eyes.

"What the fuck—!?" Leon gasped, staring at empty air.

'How is that possible ? Why is glitch point cancelling it's invisibility spell ?' Leon thought with a confused expression

"You can't see me now, can you?" The Velmora asked.

"I can," Leon lied, turning toward the voice.

"I'm not there. So it was a skill?" Velmora said.

<Glitch Point>

Leon reactivated the skill and the Velmora reappeared instantly— but in the opposite direction of its voice.

"How did you—?"

"Velmoras can redirect our voices. One of nature's survival tools."

"Fuck it... Where is my reward ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Your reward... Right. Here." The Velmora spoke as it extended it's palm in front of Leon.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Place your hand over it." The Velmora spoke.

"Okay..." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over it's paw.

[The Shadow Velmora has submitted to you as your familiar.]

[Choose a Name for the familiar.]

"Umm... What the fuck !?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119: Our Room
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wait… you want to become my familiar?" Leon asked, his brows furrowed in confusion.

"Yes," the Shadow Velmora replied, lowering its head in a respectful bow. "I promised an equal trade. Since you saved my life, I will serve you in return… as your familiar, Master."

"I see," Leon muttered, rubbing his chin. "Well then, how about you switch to your small cat form ?

I don't want everyone to see a huge monster walking with me everywhere."

"For that, Master must first give me a name. Only then will I be able to use magic again." The Velmora spoke with a neutral expression.

"A name, huh… I'm not really good at that," Leon said, thinking for a moment. "How about Dusk?"

"Thank you, Master." As soon as the Velmora accepted the name, a sudden wave of weakness hit Leon.

[-350 MP]

"Fucking hell…" he grunted, stumbling slightly as he clutched his forehead.

"Are you alright, Master? Would you like me to share my mana with you?" Dusk asked, concern in its tone.

[+102380 MP]

Leon straightened up, smirking. "Do you think I need it now?"

Dusk blinked. "Is that a skill too, Master? Your body keeps drawing in large amounts of mana, then releasing it back into the atmosphere every few seconds."

"It's a long story," Leon replied. "I'll tell you later. Right now, I need to get a tree back to my dungeon."

"A tree? That's simple. Would you like it in pieces or… raw?" Dusk asked as he padded toward a nearby tree.

"Raw," Leon replied without hesitation.

"As you command… Master."

<Sharp Claws>

In the blink of an eye, Dusk's claws extended, gleaming with deadly sharpness. With a single slash, he chopped through the thick trunk like it's a piece of paper.

*THUD*

The huge tree immediately fell down to the ground and made a loud sound.

"Well… looks like I've got myself a pretty good familiar," Leon murmured, watching the fallen tree with mild amusement.

Dusk sank his fangs into the tree stump and, without a sound, lifted it with ease.

"Come," Leon said, smiling faintly as he turned toward the dungeon and started walking.

Without hesitation, Dusk followed Leon.

After about ten minutes of walking, both of them arrived at the entrance of the dungeon.

"Drop the tree on the stairs. It'll go down on its own," Leon instructed.

"Yes, Master."

*Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud*

The tree tumbled down the staircase smoothly.

"Now change into that cat form," Leon said as he glanced at Dusk. "There's a stupid guy downstairs, and you're the last thing he needs to see right now before wetting his pants."

"As you command, Master."

In an instant, Dusk's massive frame shimmered and shrank until he was a sleek, black cat with glowing violet eyes.

"Is this acceptable, Master?"

"Good… let's go," Leon replied, and together, they began descending the staircase.

At the bottom, the tree lay sprawled across the floor—and next to it stood Kai, his arms folded and a smile visible on his face.

"Well… how do you like it?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Kai.

"This is the best kind of tree a carpenter can get in its raw form—but what did you use to cut it so cleanly?" Kai asked, clearly puzzled.

"Don't worry about that, Kai. Just start working on the bathtub. And if the dungeon shakes a little… take care of yourself," Leon said, placing a hand on Kai's shoulder before walking toward the second floor. Dusk silently followed behind.

"How big do you want it?" Kai asked, still confused.

"Big enough for three people to get in and have sex without any restrictions," Leon said without missing a beat, glancing back at him.

"W-What? I mean… I understand," Kai replied awkwardly.

"Good. Get to work," Leon said, turning back and heading down the stairs.

"There's a cat following you," Kai noted.

"I know. It's mine," Leon said with a smirk before disappearing down to the second floor.

"What a weird guy… Well, I better get started. I'll make it the most luxurious bathtub ever. First project after years of nothing—Kai the carpenter is back in action," Kai muttered to himself with a grin as he began working on the tree.

---

Leon arrived on the second floor to find the slimes crawling around—but something seemed different.

"Where's the slime that guided me through the forest?" he asked loudly.

The slimes all turned toward him, and one bounced out from the group.

"Are you the one who took me through the forest ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

*Boing*

The slime jumped once—'Yes.'

"Are you guys multiplying ?" Leon asked, raising an eyebrow.

*Boing*

"You'll need a bigger space if this keeps up," Leon muttered, resting a hand on his chin in thought. Then, turning to the slimes, "Anyway, meet Dusk. He's a friend, so don't attack him—or he will kill you all. That's it. Have fun."

He gave them a wave and began heading for the stairs to the third floor.

"Master… are you breeding them to kill them later for their magic cores ?" Dusk asked curiously.

"That's a good idea dusk but no. They keep the dungeon clean—moss, dust, debris. They're useful cleaners and they know their path around the forest," Leon answered simply.

"I see, so you are providing them a shelter in return for their knowledge, right master ?" Dusk asked as he continued walking beside him.

"Yes." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

---

They descended to the third floor, where Elis stood near the throne and Olga was now dressed again.

"Wait… why are you wearing your clothes? Weren't they wet ?" Leon asked, surprised.

"Oh! Elis helped me. She dried them with wind magic, so I wore them again.

But it felt good to clean my body... i feel refreshed." Olga answered cheerfully.

Leon's expression fell. "Why would you do that to me, Elis?" he asked in with a disappointed and sad expression as he slumped onto the throne.

"I'm sorry, Master. Did I do something wrong?" Elis asked, genuinely confused.

"How do I explain this—"

"Meow~"

"Awww, it's a cute kitty! Come here, kitty!" Olga said, scooping up Dusk into her arms and pressing his furry body against her chest, her fleshy huge boobs resting on his back.

Leon stared. "Should've kept him in his original form… Lucky bastard," he muttered. "Oh well, I can fuck her anytime. She's dumb. Wait... I can fuck her while kai makes the bathtub."

"Master… should I wet her clothes again?" Elis asked, tilting her head.

"No. Let's talk about the dungeon. You said you could expand it by four more floors, right?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"Yes, Master. I can create four more rooms and also expand the size of the current ones," Elis replied calmly.

"Good. Make four new rooms between the second and third floors. Also, expand all rooms to max size—the slimes need space."

"As you command, Master. But I will need more mana for that." Elis spoke with a neutral expression.

"No worries. Take as much as you need. I'm gonna take a nap until you are done... I can't deal with mana fatigue while keeping my eyes open." Leon said as he held out his hand and closed his eyes.

"Yes, Master."

[-400 MP]

[+102387 MP]

[-400 MP]

[+102387 MP]

[-400 MP]

[+102387 MP]

---

One hour later…

"...ster… Master?" a voice echoed in Leon's ears.

*Blink-Blink*

"Huh?" Leon stirred, slowly opening his eyes to see Elis staring at him.

"I have created the rooms and expanded the size of all existing ones, master." she said in a calm tone.

Leon raised his head, his eyes widening as he glanced around.

"What the fuck…?" he muttered, noticing that the room had nearly doubled in size.

Looking to the side, he saw Olga still playing with Dusk—but her bed was now far from the throne.

"This room's big enough to be a small football stadium," Leon said with a grin, standing up.

"So this is the seventh room now?" he asked with a smile as he walked upto the room's exit.

"Yes, Master. These stairs now lead to the sixth floor and I have arranged the floors in a vertical manner just like the first three floors." Elis confirmed.

"Okay… bring her bed here," Leon said, pointing at Olga.

"As you wish, Master."

Elis pressed her hand against the wall, and Olga's stone bed began sliding toward the room's exit.

"What the—AHHHHH!" Olga screamed, clutching the bed tightly as it moved.

"Leon... HELP ME MY BED IS MOVING ON IT'S OWWNNN... I CAN'T STOP IT... PLEASE HELP ME." Olga shouted loudly.

"Wow... She can really scream huh ?" Leon spoke with a smile.

Halt.

The bed stopped beside Leon's legs.

"Good. Olga, come with me. I'll show you our room now," Leon said with a smile.

"Our… room?" Olga asked, confused.

"Yeah. Our room," he replied, leaning in and kissing her softly on the lips.

Chuuuuuuu~

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120: You will beg for it
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chuuuuuu~

Leon crashed his lips against Olga's, claiming her mouth like a lust filled beast.

Schlp—Schlp—Schlp

He sucked hard, almost punishingly, dragging every breath from her lungs as his tongue pried into her mouth. One hand snaked behind her to grab a handful of her plump fleshy ass, his fingers sinking deep through the flimsy fabric of her skirt.

'It's like... I am grabbing a soft balloon filled with water but no matter how hard I sqeeze... It won't explode.' Leon thought as he sqeezed her ass tightly..

*SQUEEZEEEEE*

As soon as Olga felt the tight Squeeze... She immediately went on her toes.

But instead of stopping, Leon groped her even harder and shamelessly kneading her flesh as she squirmed in his grip.

"Mnhhh~ M-Mnhhh~"

Olga whimpered helplessly, trapped between his lips and hands. She tried to speak, to breathe, but he didn't let her—Leon kept her locked down, using her mouth until he was satisfied.

When he finally pulled away, a strand of spit connected them, and her lips were left a little swollen and red.

"Hahh~ What... what are you doing to my lips?" she asked, dazed.

Leon stared at her, a slow smirk curling on his face. "Kissing you. Don't tell me you've never kissed anyone before?"

"I… I haven't. But I feel weird in my belly… C-Can you get pregnant from kissing?"

'How can she be so dumb ?' Leon thought in his mind as more perverted ideas started coming to his mind.

"You want to stay in this dungeon?" he asked, voice suddenly cold and sharp.

"Yes," Olga said instantly, not even blinking.

"Then you follow my rules. I'm the master here. And my rules are simple—when I need to fuck, you spread your legs. No questions. No complaints. You're my personal little cumdump now." Leon spoke with a smile as he rubbed his fingers against Olga's cheeks.

"C-Cumdump?"

"You don't need to understand it," he sneered, pulling a birth control seal from his pocket. "All you need to know is this keeps you from getting pregnant. So I can use you however I want. Whenever I want."

"I-Isn't that a birth control seal ?" Olga asked with a confused expression.

"So you do know what this is, but don't know what sex is?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I remember my husband doing it once to me… but after I had jack. He stopped touching me." Olga replied.

"Then he's a fucking idiot," Leon spoke, his voice thick with lust. "Because this fat ass and that tight little cunt were made to be fucked, stretched, and ruined."

He grabbed her ass with both hands, squeezing hard—flesh spilling between his fingers as one hand slid down, slipping between her thighs from behind, fingers pressing against her plump pussy through the thin barrier of her panties.

"I… I'll do it," Olga whispered, her voice trembling. "But… will it hurt like last time?"

Leon leaned in, his breath hot on her ear, voice dark and twisted.

"Luv" he murmured, a perverted grin curling on his lips, "you'll beg me to hurt you. You'll even cry for more."

As he turned his head, he spotted Dusk and Elis watching silently with tilted heads.

"Dusk—you live on the third floor now. Elis, show him the way. Don't come back for an hour." Leon spoke with a straight face.

"As you command, Master," both of them spoke at the same time as they went up the stairs immediately.

Leon's gaze snapped back to Olga, his eyes devouring her.

"I brought the new mattress… and I think it's time we test it." he spoke with a perverted smile, pulling a pristine white mattress from his inventory.

He laid the mattress down on the stone bed, then walked up to Olga and grabbed her tits through her tight bodice—massive, overflowing mounds that barely fit in his grip—as he activated his skill.

"Remis..."

<Touch of Lust>

Instantly, a wave of burning heat pulsed between Olga's legs.

"Ahhn~!" she gasped, her knees buckling as her thighs clenched together.

Leon licked his lips. "Mmm… your pussy's already begging for a cock, huh?"

He dipped his head to her neck, lips dragging over her skin, kissing and sucking slowly.

Chuuu

"Anhh~" Olga moaned again, her body melting under his touch.

"How does it feel?" Leon asked, his hand sliding over her skirt, fingers pressing firmly on her soaked panties.

"I-It feels… strange… down there," Olga murmured, her eyes fluttering shut as another wave of heat surged through her body.

Leon didn't stop—his another hand's fingers traced up her stomach, Slowly digging inside her cleavage and pulling her bodice's strings in a quick move.

Swish—snap!

The bodice burst open, and her massive tits spilled out—jiggling wildly, her dark nipples stiff from arousal.

Leon groaned at the sight, dragging his hands up to cup both of her tits but his fingers ended up sinking into her soft flesh.

"Fuck… they're too big for my hands," he muttered, squeezing and kneading them greedily.

"M-My nipples... Ahh~ they're tingling!" Olga gasped, her hips grinding instinctively as wetness pooled in her panties and drops of her pre-cum started drooling out of her panty.

*Tip-Tip*

Leon found her thick, dark nipples and pinched both at once, rolling them between thumb and forefinger, teasing the sensitive tips while rubbing them with his index fingers.

"Anhhh~ Anhhhh~ It feels weird in my pussy... When you Anhhh~ rub my nipples." Olga moaned as her body squirmed.

Leon let go of her left boob and slided his hand down to her skirt's button.

He opened it and her skirt slowly slided down from her thick and soft thighs.

Leon slowly turned her around and pushed her on the mattress.

"Anhh~" As soon as Olga fell down on the mattress, her huge boobs jiggled vigorously.

*Jiggle-Jiggle*

Leon saw this view and His dick started hurting. Without any delays, he opened his pants... Pulled it out.

"W-Wow... It's so big..." Olga spoke with a shocked expression as she looked at Leon's huge cock and placed her hand over her mouth.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121: Target Acquired
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhn~ M-My nipples… please suck Anhh~ Slow!" Olga whimpered, her back arching as Leon loomed over her, pinning her beneath him. His knee slowly rubbed against her soaked cunt, rolling up against her clit with every motion, making her hips twitch helplessly.

His mouth was latched onto her right nipple, sucking and slurping like a starved animal, while his fingers tugged and twisted the other one, pulling it up and down with cruel, teasing pressure.

*Squeeze-Pull*

"Anhhhh~ Mnffhhh~ Don't Pull... Anhh~" Olga moaned loudly as she felt even more aroused with every passing second.

'What is this feeling ? I have never felt anything like this. My pussy is throbbing like crazy... It's like it wants something and my nipples are so hard... What is Leon doing to my body ?' Olga thought as her mind started to get cloudy and her body started melting.

Her pussy was dripping—he could feel the heat and juices dropping over his knee, smearing across his skin. His hard cock throbbed against her thigh, already leaving a wet mark from his leaking tip.

"You're a dumb little bitch," Leon spoke biting her areola slowly, licking a slow circle around the nipple before biting down just enough to make her gasp. "But fuck… you've got the perfect body for a filthy, obedient slut."

He then shifted to her other nipple, latching on and sucking hard as if trying to tear it off, his tongue swirling and lips dragging around her dark rigid areolas, while his free hand kneaded the other tit like it was nothing but flesh for his use.

*Bite*

*Succcck*

"ANHHHH~ Not so muchhhhh~"

Olga moaned louder, her thighs clamping down around his knee, her hips grinding on pure instinct as her whole body begged for more without her even realizing it.

"Well, well... would you look at that?" Leon sneered, watching her with amusement. "A bitch in heat, grinding her needy pussy all over my knee." His voice dripped with perversion as he locked eyes with Olga's flushed, desperate face, his fingers still toying with her swollen, sensitive nipples.

"I... I need it…" Olga panted, her voice trembling with craving as her hips rocked harder, going up and down even more shamelessly.

"What do you need?" Leon asked, his grin widening, perverted and teasing.

"In there... Please... Give me your thing," she whimpered, her breath hitching as the heat between her legs built to a fever pitch.

"Thing?" Leon chuckled, grinding his knee against her soaked slit, feeling her wet warm pussy through the fabric of her panty. "You're gonna have to beg properly, like little slut. Tell me exactly what you want, Olga."

"I-I want your cock..." Olga moaned, her voice shaking with embarrassment and raw lust as she looked at him through heavy-lidded eyes.

"And where do you want it?" he asked, his voice low and filled with lust.

"In my pussy..." she gasped, desperation dripping from every word. "I want your cock in my pussy. I need it now... Please, I'm begging you…"

"I'll have to rip these soaked panties off first," Leon said, licking his lips.

"Take them off… Anhh~" Olga moaned, unable to stop herself as she grabbed one of her massive tits and sucked on her own nipple, lost in the haze.

'Wow... She really likes foreplay huh ? So much that she started sucking on her own tit. She will surely get addicted to sex very fast and what's better than a dumb sex addicted MILF inside a dungeon ?' Leon thought with a smile.

Leon didn't wait—he gripped her drenched purple panties and yanked them down in one smooth motion, exposing the flushed lips of her pussy, glistening and framed with soft red curls.

"Mmm…." Olga moaned as she opened her legs for Leon on instinct.

"Here comes the licking..." Without hesitation, Leon buried his face between her thighs. Her scent, her taste—he devoured her pussy like a hungry animal. Her legs snapped around his head, locking him in as his tongue lapped, flicked, and plunged all around her thick and fluffy pussy lips.

Lick-lick-lick-lick-lick

"Ahhhh~ Yesss~ Leon—my pussy! It's—ahn—it's burning! Don't stop—don't stop, please... I beg you !" Olga shouted as she tightened her thighs.

Her body trembled violently, back arched, her moans turning into screams.

"ANHHHHHH~ SOMETHING'S—CUMMINGGGG~" Olga cried out, her face twisted in pure ecstasy. Her eyes crossed, tongue rolled out, and she collapsed back, shaking with release, her body spasming from the overwhelming pleasure.

Her pussy throwing out a fountain of cum directly at Leon's face.

*SQUIRRTTTT*

After cumming so much... She let go of Leon's head.

"Well, that was good huh ? Now what about this ?" Leon asked as he wiped off his face by rubbing it on her stomach and placed his dick right in front of her pussy.

*Rub-Rub*

After rubbing his dick on her pussy for a second, Leon's dick was completely covered in her cum as well.

'Well... That should take care of lubrication.' Leon thought with a smile as he looked at her twitching pussy lips opening and closing in front of his dick's tip as if they are trying to kiss it.

"Anhhh~ No... Please... Give it to me~" Olga spoke in a low tone as her body had lost it's strength after the previous orgasm.

"Well then... Time to taste your Cum-Dump pussy." Leon spoke with a smile as he rammed his dick directly into her pussy.

*SLAP*

"Oh... Tight." Leon spoke with a smile.

But, as soon as he did this... Olga's eyes widened in pleasure as she clenched her pussy walls against Leon's dick like a gorilla's fist and came once again.

"ANHHHHHHHHHH~"

*SQUIRRTTTT*

"You bitch... You are cumming so much before the one who is using you ? How dare you ? Here is some punishment." Leon spoke as he placed the birth control seal over her womb and activated it.

Suddenly, Another wave of pleasure hitted Olga's womb like a lightning strike and she came once again while her hips trembled like crazy and her pussy clenched even more around Leon's cock.

"ANNNNNNNNNNNHHHHHH~"

"Fucking hell... Not even a virgin girl can squeeze her pussy like this." Leon spoke in a trance as his hips started moving on their own at an incredible speed, pounding Olga's tight pussy with full force... Molding it into it's shape.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Fuck~ Fuck~ Fuck~ Fuck~" Olga moaned loudly everytime Leon's dick went out and slammed back in like a piston into her fluffy pussy.

"Fucking hell... Cumming~" Leon shouted as he grabbed her shoulders tightly and slammed all of his dick directly inside her womb, touching it's back wall and emptied his balls into it.

"ANHHHHHHH~ CUMMINNGGGGGG~" Olga shouted loudly as she also came once again.

Long white threads of his cum filled her womb to the brim, then it crawled up around her pussy walls and finally blowed out of her pussy.

But Leon didn't stop after this... He grabbed her neck and choked it tightly, while banging her pussy without any intention of stopping anytime soon.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

[Author: I will be mass releasing on 21st may about 5-6 chapters and I will also be uploading 3-4 chapters from tomorrow. Have fun reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122: Meeting with Julia*
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

2 hours later...

*Blink—Blink*

Leon's eyes fluttered open, a lazy smirk spreading across his face as he looked down.

His cock was still buried balls-deep inside Olga's swollen, cream-filled pussy—her legs limp, her body twitching with the aftershocks of hours of ruthless fucking. A thick stream of his cum slowly oozed from her pussy hole, trailing down her thighs and staining the matress beneath them.

"Hah… still clenching," he muttered with amusement, giving her hips a light slap.

*Slap*

He slowly pulled out, watching as more of his white cum dribbled out from her twitching pussy. The mess he left behind made his grin widen.

*Schlk*

'Well… she turned out to be way juicier than I expected,' Leon thought, his eyes glinting with satisfaction as he grabbed his clothes and began dressing.

...

"Inventory... Withdraw." Leon opened his inventory and placed the utensils out on the floor with the vegetables, fruits and meat that bought for Olga.

'Work here is done.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Phew... Let's see what's going on the third floor," he muttered, his voice low, as his body instantly vanished.

---

Third Floor

A spacious chamber greeted him—large, but not nearly as extravagant as the last room. Flickering wooden torches lined the walls, casting long, dancing shadows alone the walls.

"I greet my Master," Elis said, immediately dropping into a respectful bow.

"Master," Dusk greeted with a nod as he also bowed to Leon.

Leon glanced at the torches with a slightly raised brow. "Did you make those, Elis ?"

"Yes, Master. I gathered some useless fallen branches from the first floor and used them to craft the torches," she replied with a neutral expression.

"Mm. Good," Leon said, then shifted his gaze to both of them. "What have you two been doing? And how much time has passed?"

"About two hours, Master," Elis answered calmly.

"I was just sleeping, Master," Dusk added.

"Good. Let's go, Dusk. Elis, I'll be taking my leave for today." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Elis.

"I'll be waiting for your return, Master," Elis said with another bow.

Leon placed a hand on Dusk's back and spoke in a low tone "Take me to the first floor."

Both of them vanished in an instant.

---

First Floor

*Swish*

Leon and Dusk reappeared on the first floor. The faint sound of hammering echoed on the first floor.

"Working hard, I see," Leon said as he walked upto Kai from behind.

"Fucking hell—don't sneak up on me like that!" Kai jumped in fear. "I'm doing serious work here!"

Leon glanced at the progress. "Still not done? It's already evening."

"I know, I know, This tub's massive, and I messed up some edges earlier, so I had to redesign it.

The walls around me shifted, and the whole dungeon started shaking like crazy. This is one scary place I tell you." Kai spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

"So… it won't be ready today?" Leon asked flatly.

"Nope. But tomorrow evening? Yeah, I'll have it done by then." Kai wiped his forehead.

"Good." Leon reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded handkerchief. "Let's get you home."

"Again?" Kai asked, eyeing the cloth.

"I have—"

"Trust issues. Yeah, yeah, I know," Kai muttered, taking the handkerchief and covering his eyes.

Leon escorted him out of the dungeon, the fading light of the sun casting long shadows across the forest.

*Swish*

A sudden chill rode in on the wind. Heavy dark clouds loomed above in the sky.

"Damn... It got real cold, real fast," Kai said, rubbing his arms.

"It's going to snow soon," Leon replied as he looked up and exited Vinceral Forest.

They started walking towards the village but, just then, a wagon rumbled in from the direction of the village, headed toward the kingdom.

Leon raised his hand and signaled the driver to stop.

*Breakk*

"Where to ?" the driver asked stopping the wagon.

Leon removed Kai's blindfold.

"Go. I'll pick you up at your shop tomorrow at ten," Leon said, already turning to walk away.

"Alright. Take me to the kingdom, please," Kai told the driver as he climbed inside the wagon.

*Stch*

The driver cracked the reins, and the wagon rolled away towards the kingdom.

---

"Master… are we going somewhere else?" Dusk asked, his head tilting slightly.

"No. We're going home," Leon answered.

"Shouldn't I stay in the dungeon then?" Dusk asked again, puzzled.

"No need. I'd rather keep you with me for now," Leon said without turning back.

"I understand, Master," Dusk replied, following Leon.

---

Village Gates, 30 Minutes Later...

The wooden gates of the village loomed ahead, lit by wooden torches.

"Leon! How are you ?" one of the gate guards called out with a grin.

"Good," Leon replied flatly, striding past them without slowing.

One of the guards leaned toward the other. "When did he adopt a cat?"

"That fur's so black… bet it disappears in dark," the other replied, his eyes following Dusk with wary curiosity.

...

As Leon was walking towards his house, he suddenly noticed a man standing in front of the village chief's house.

He was none other than, charles himself the butler of Julia Klen.

'Why the fuck is he looking at me with that creepy smile ?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

But without giving him too much attention he continued to walk forward.

"Mr. Leon Luster..." Charles spoke as soon as Leon crossed him.

Leon's steps immediately halted as he slowly turned his head towards charles with a suspicious expression.

"May I have a word with you ?" Charles asked with a smile.

"No, I am busy." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he started walking once again.

"You should really listen to me if you don't want to get kicked out of the village with your family." Charles spoke.

Leon stopped once again and turned around to look at Charles with a serious expression.

"What ?" He asked.

"Madam Julia wants to meet you... Come in." Charles spoke as he immediately walked upto the door and opened it for Leon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123: Warm Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Why would that bitch want to invite a me into her house?' Leon thought, his eyes sharp as he followed Charles through the entrance.

"Follow me…" Charles muttered, his tone flat as he led Leon up the staircase.

Reaching the terrace, Leon's gaze locked instantly on the scene before him — Julia sat calmly beside a busty MILF whose curves nearly overflowed the fragile chair beneath her. Long black hair cascaded down to her waist, her dark eyes soft, and though her chest was modest, her ass… was something else. Thick, wide, pressing against the wood so tightly that her flesh was fluffing out.

Without wasting another moment, Leon triggered his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Paula Klen]

[Class: Housewife]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 300/300]

[MP: 150/150]

[Description: Mother of Julia Klen and Wife of Kael Klen. Skilled in housework, but her gentle, polite nature makes her daughter ignore her.]

'That ass is one fine piece. Soft, ripe, easy to sink fingers into' Leon thought, his face calm as his eyes stole every inch of Paula's overflowing cheeks.

"Madam… Leon Luster is here," Charles announced, bowing low to Julia.

"Oh my… Is he the one?" Paula asked warmly, her eyes settling on Leon.

"You may leave now," Julia ordered flatly.

"Yes, ma'am," Charles said quickly and disappeared.

"The clouds are heavy tonight. Looks like snow's coming, right Mom?" Julia murmured, stepping gracefully toward Leon.

"Maybe..." Paula replied with a smile.

'What the fuck is this bitch scheming?' Leon thought, his brow twitching slightly.

"What do you want?" he asked, his voice cold and steady.

"So… is it true you attend Velthorne Academy too, Leon Luster?" Julia asked smoothly.

"I'm a Non-Attender," Leon answered flatly.

"I see… Well you are very much in luck today, you see I've called you here to offer you a job as my personal butler," Julia said, her lips curving in a coy smile.

"Don't you already have that guy, Charles?" Leon asked, his tone even.

"He serves the family, Kid." Paula added softly, her smile sweet as she emptied her glass and set it down on the table.

"Yes... I want a butler just for me. You can also attend the academy regularly once you become my butler.

I have a carriage that drops me to the academy daily and other Commoners won't come near you if you become my butler.

If you are already on a job, leave it. I will pay twice of what you are being paid right now. You see we aren't poor." Julia offered with a mocking smile.

"I see…" Leon murmured, stepping casually over to Paula. He lifted the wine bottle and poured slowly into her glass, his eyes flicking down to admire the way her waist curved into those thick hips.

"Hmm...?" Paula blinked, puzzled. As she couldn't what Leon was doing.

"My lady..." Leon spoke with a flirty smile as he handed the glass to her.

"Oh my… Such a gentleman. Thank you," she said, accepting the glass.

Julia's brow furrowed. "Excuse me? What are you doing?"

"I'm pouring your mother a glass of wine," Leon replied smoothly, then without another word he turned to leave.

"What about the job? Does that mean you've accepted it?" Julia asked, her voice sharp.

"No… I'm fine with my current work," Leon answered over his shoulder, descending the stairs without a glance back.

"Fucking bastard… I'll ruin his family. I swear I'll get him under me," Julia hissed, her fingers digging into the table edge.

"Julia, calm yourself. A noblewoman shouldn't use such crude words," Paula scolded gently, sipping her wine with grace.

"Didn't you see that? He ignored me, poured you wine like I didn't exist… He wants to show me I'm nothing. I'll have him — if not as a butler, then as a slave. I'll speak to Father," Julia snapped, spinning on her shoes and storming downstairs.

…

"Madam Julia won't stop till she owns him, that's what she did with me. Let's see, how long you hold out... Leon Luster." Charles muttered with a smirk as he watched Leon's figure vanish into the dark.

'I need to crush that bitch fast or she'll stir trouble. But her mother… her mother's huge fleshy ass is what I want,' Leon thought, a perverted grin curling on his lips as he strode home.

…

Five minutes later, he stood at his house's front door.

*Knock-Knock*

Almost instantly, Elaine swung the door open.

*Click*

"Come in, quickly — the wind's bitter tonight," she said, shutting the door as soon as Leon stepped inside.

*Thud*

"It's freezing in here too," Leon muttered, glancing around and noticed that wind is flowing through the small holes and broke walls.

"This house is useless against the cold. We'll need two blankets this winter if this keeps up," Selene said, emerging from the bedroom — her massive boobs bare, heavy and leaking milk as she feeded milk to her daughter.

"You don't feel cold like that?" Leon asked with a perverted smile.

"I do… but I won't once you warm me up," Selene purred, her lips curling.

"No, no — I'll warm him up first tonight. Then you he can warm you up," Elaine smirked.

"Wait… are you two are talking about fucking me, right ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah… Mom said we should call it 'warm up' instead of 'fucking'. Sounds less dirty, apparently," Selene giggled.

"So much for someone who cums like a filthy slut while moaning dirty words, huh?" Leon asked as he grinned at Elaine.

"Y-You make me say those words," Elaine mumbled, cheeks flushed.

"Don't worry about the house. I'll fix everything tomorrow," Leon said.

"Really?" Selene's eyes lit up.

"But… that'll cost too much, Where will you get so much mone-" Elaine started but Leon interrupted her immediately.

"I've got more than enough. Now… serve me some food and warm up those pussies. You two aren't getting any sleep tonight," Leon spoke as he grabbed Selene's boobs and started groping them, while her daughter sucked on them.

"H-Hey... I should put her down." Selene spoke with a smile.

"Yeah... You should" Leon spoke with a smile as he stuffed his fingers into her panties.

"Anhhh~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124: Snowy Night
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Schlp-Schlp-Schlp-Schlp-Schlp

"AHHHH~ YESSSS~ YESSS~ ANHHHHH~" Elaine screamed, her voice shameless and raw as she thrashed on the mattress, her naked, sweat-slicked body glistening under the dim light of the lamp.

The blanket was kicked aside, leaving her bare—thick thighs spread wide open, her soaked pussy drooling as Leon licked her pussy like a starved animal, his tongue plunging and twisting deep into her twitching hole.

"AHHHHHH~ I'M FUCKING CUMMINGGGGG~ FUCKKK~" Elaine shouted, her back arching high as her cunt exploded.

*SQUIRRTTTT*

Squirting hot streams of sticky cum right over Leon's face, as the mattress got flooded with her messy orgasm.

"Well... Aren't you a little loud tonight, Mom ?" Leon asked, smirking wickedly as he wiped his sticky face and yanked the blanket off her trembling body.

"Leo... Squeeze mommy's big tits to your heart's content and let my wet pussy take care of your big cock..." Elaine moaned, her voice desperate and drenched in lust.

*Slap*

She gripped her massive tits hard, slapping them together and shaking them wildly, as her inverted fat nipples flipped out from her big areolas.

"If I ever declined that offer... I won't be a man." Leon snarled, his eyes burning with hunger as he dove right into her sweaty cleavage, groaning deeply as his cock slid hard against her drenched cunt lips, smearing her thick juices all over his shaft with loud, wet slaps.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Ahnn~ Ahnn~ F-Fuck me already, Don't tease your mommy's little slutty pussy like that!" Elaine cried, her nails raking down his back as her hips jerked to grind her clit against the thick length of his cock.

"Well, you are the only pussy I have tonight. So, I will take my sweet time with you." Leon muttered rubbing his face into her tits, inhaling the raw stink of sweat and sex.

"Selene's knocked out cold. Asked for cock first and sleeping like a log now. What happened to her ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he pressed his cock tightly against her entrance.

"Anhhh~ Anhhhhh~"

Elaine moaned breathlessly, her thighs clenching tight around his waist, locking him against her messy cunt.

"Well... I made her do most of the house chores today. So, it can be one of the reasons." Elaine spoke as she pressed her fleshy boobs all over Leon's face.

"I thought you didn't let her do the house chores... Because she recently gave birth." Leon asked with a smile as he stuffed both of her nipples into his mouth and started sucking on them continuously.

*Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck*

"She was Anhh~ taunting me Anhhh~ on how to clean the house faster. So, Anhhh~ I made her do it instead Anhhh~ Your tongue is grinding so hard against my nipples... Annnnhhh~ " Elaine spoke as she moaned loudly.

"Well... Aren't you one filthy little slut ? You deserve to be fucked like crazy," Leon spoke with a dark grin as he roughly released her stiff nipples and slammed his lips onto hers, sealing her moans away in a messy, possessive kiss.

"Mnnff~ Mnnff~"

Leon's tongue forced its way deep into her mouth, dominating and pinning down her weak, twitching tongue, leaving her helpless and whimpering against him.

'Fuck... I always love kissing her like this, it's like my body is lying over a bed made out of marshmallows,' Leon thought with a savage smirk as he slowly pressed the fat, drooling head of his cock against Elaine's soaked cunt, parting her raw, swollen pussy lips.

"Mnff~" Elaine whimpered pathetically, trying to moan, but Leon's kiss gagged her completely, her breath hitching as her cunt spasmed wildly.

Leon dragged his cock back slowly, and her slippery cunt walls clung to him so tightly it felt like her greedy pussy was trying to suck him back in, refusing to let go of his fat cock.

'Well... If you want this... I will give you this.' Leon thought with an evil smile as he grabbed her throat without mercy and slammed his cock deep into her dripping cunt in one brutal thrust.

*SLAP*

"MNFFFFFF~" Elaine choked out a muffled scream into his mouth, her face twisting into a lewd, broken Ahegao—eyes rolling back, tongue trying to get out from under Leon's tongue. Her nails clawed hard into Leon's back, scratching red lines as her legs shook violently around his back.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Leon slowly pulled his cock out everytime and Slapped it back in with full force, as if really punishing her pussy with loud slaps.

He continued to Fuck Elaine mercilessly for the next two hours until she passed out from the pleasure and a pussy full of his cum.

After fucking her... Leon wore his clothes, placed the blanket back on her naked body and stood up from the mattress.

He then exited the room and noticed that it was completely black outside.

"Master...? Something wrong ?" Dusk, who was also sleeping in the hall asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Hmm...? Nothing, you can go back to sleep." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he turned towards the window and noticed that it was snowing outside and winds are blowing at an incredible speed.

"Inventory..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he opened his inventory and clicked on the third square.

Suddenly, the Nyxter appeared in his hand and he slowly walked upto the dinning table.

"Travertine..." Dusk spoke with wide eyes as he looked at the sword.

"You know what this is, huh ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Dusk.

"A very strong material master... It can only be obtained from the mines of the dwarf kingdom.

I spent some years there and saw this material being used in the weapons that dwarf blacksmiths crafted but they stopped using it after a while as it became really rare and expensive.

But the weapons made out of this material... Are very dangerous." Dusk spoke with a serious expression.

"Yeah... It costed me a fortune to get this made. The Crafter whonmade this named it, 'Nyxter'." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at the Nyxter.

"But... Why is it in pieces master ? Is it broken ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125: The Carrier Raven
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It's split into five pieces... and I want to gain control over all of them using mana threads," Leon muttered, his eyes narrowing in focus.

"But every time I try to control more than one blade... all of them slip out of my grasp."

He pulled the Nyxter out from its sheath. One of it's pieces was missing. Without a word, Leon reached into his back pocket and retrieved the missing blade, carefully slotting it back into the sword.

He placed the sword on the table and looked at it with a confused expression.

"May I see it, Master?" Dusk asked, his expression calm as his gaze rested on Leon.

"What?" Leon blinked in confusion.

"The mana threads, Master. Can I see them?" Dusk repeated, his tone unchanged.

"No. They're invisible," Leon replied flatly.

"But... they're made of mana, right, Master?" Dusk asked again with a curious expression.

"Yeah."

"Then I can see them. I have special eyes that let me perceive all the mana around me, Master. That's how I always see the massive flow of mana your body is releasing every second," Dusk explained as he looked at Leon.

Leon exhaled through his nose.

"Fine. Threads."

At his word, the air subtly shifted as he activated the skill. Slowly, carefully, Leon began binding a mana thread to one of Nyxter's blades, lifting it from the table.

The blade floated, hovering up and down as he guided it with his finger.

"Master... why are you doing that?" Dusk asked, tilting his head with a confused expression as he raised a paw toward Leon's hand.

"I'm controlling the mana thread. See how the blade is floating—" Before Leon could've completed his explanation, Dusk interrupted him.

"No, Master. I see that. But why are you moving your finger like that, if the mana threads are coming out of your head?" Dusk asked, blinking slowly.

"What?" Leon frowned, glancing at Dusk with a very confused expression.

"Yes, Master... the mana threads aren't emerging from your finger.

They're coming from your head. That might be why you can't control them properly. Every time you try to command the blades, you think the threads are flowing from your fingers.

Humans can't control their fingers perfectly... just like us cats. We can't fully control our tails, Master,

It can be the reason, why the blades run here and there." Dusk said, smiling faintly.

"What...?" Leon muttered, his eyes shifting back to the floating blade. Slowly, he lowered his hand.

'Up,' he thought silently-and the blade rose smoothly into the air.

*Swish*

'Down.' The blade lowered instantly.

A grin twitched on his lips. He pictured the blade flipping backward three times. The weapon immediately spun three times elegantly through the air without wasting another second.

"Fucking hell... That's fucking brilliant." Leon breathed, his eyes wide in shock.

"See? It's easier now, right, Master?" Dusk asked with a smile as he looked at the blade floating flawlessly.

"Yeah... but wait. What were you saying about 'finger control'? I can easily move all my fingers however I want.

Look—" Leon flexed his hand, wiggling his fingers confidently, back and forth.

"Can you curl down your smallest finger without moving any of the others, Master?" Dusk asked, his grin widening.

"Yeah, watch— what the fuck?" Leon's brow furrowed in surprise. His ring finger curled alongside his pinky without permission.

'Wait... I want to move my pinky... Why is my other finger moving like that?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

"See? But in your mind, you already imagined it perfectly. Your mind can do it-but your hands can't, Master," Dusk explained, his eyes sparkling with quiet amusement.

"...So that means —Threads. Threads. Threads. Threads." Leon whispered under his breath, closing his eyes and gathering his focus as he imagined four more mana threads branching from his head, binding to each of Nyxter's blades.

'Up.'

When he opened his eyes, all five blades were floating steadily in the air.

"They're stable..." Leon whispered, a grin spreading across his face.

'Spread.'

Immediately, all four detached blades shot outward, scattering around the room exactly as he imagined, while the main blade that was attached to the handle hovered at the center of the table.

'Join.' Leon thought and the blades snapped back together, assembling into the full Nyxter sword with a series of crisp metallic clicks.

TANG-TANG-TANG-TANG-TANG

"Holy shit... that looks so fucking cool," Leon muttered, staring at the pitch-black sword floating before him.

"It's beautiful, Master," Dusk said softly, a smile on his lips.

"You really give good advice, Dusk," Leon said, glancing at him.

"Well... I've been alive for a hundred years, Master. It's only natural," Dusk replied with a faint chuckle as he slowly sat down on the table.

"...Wait, what? How long?" Leon asked with a shocked expression as his eyes widened.

"One hundred and three years, to be exact, Master," Dusk said casually as he looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"How can you be over a hundred years old and still be this weak?" Leon asked, his brows knitting together.

"Master... I'm lazy. I spent more than fifty years of my life sleeping around the Vinceral Forest hiding from humans and monsters alike.

And other 53 years, well... You can say, I roaming around the world." Dusk replied, smiling lazily.

"How long do you guys even live?"

"About a thousand years... if nothing kills us first, Master," Dusk answered flatly.

'The description never mentioned his lifespan... That means he's just a kid,' Leon thought, narrowing his eyes as he studied Dusk.

"Well-"

"Intruder."

Dusk's voice dropped, sharp and cold, as he suddenly stood and fixed his gaze on the window.

"Hm..?" Leon turned slowly, spotting a black raven perched on the sill.

"Should I kill it, Master? I think it's here to watch you," Dusk asked, his voice serious and calm.

"No... wait. I know that raven. It's a carrier raven. But what the hell is it doing here this late?" Leon muttered,

standing up and approaching the window.

Dusk followed silently, his eyes never leaving the bird.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126: Late Night Visit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Click*

*Swishhh*

The window creaked open under Leon's hand, and a sharp burst of cold air swept into the room, cutting through the stillness.

*Cawww*

Without hesitation, the raven darted inside, its wings brushing the air sharply. It gave a single shake to its jet-black feathers, dislodging a small letter from its plumage before wheeling around and vanishing back into the night sky.

*Catch*

Leon's hand shot out instinctively, snatching the letter midair. His brow furrowed the moment his eyes caught sight of the wax seal—glinting gold, embossed with a single, 'V' Mark.

"Velthorne..." he murmured under his breath, his expression hardening. He closed the window with a sharp snap and quickly broke the seal open with his thumb.

Inside was a single, stiff card. Leon slid it between his fingers slowly, his gaze narrowing as he read the golden script etched across its surface.

Leon Luster (House Virellis) V/S Veronica Reynal (House Zevrath).

Date: 22/01/2878, Monday, 8:30 AM.

"House Zevrath... what do they specialize in again?" Leon asked, glancing over at Dusk.

"They're the Summoners, Master," Dusk replied evenly, his gaze steady.

Leon exhaled through his nose, his lips pulling into a thin line. "An Alchemist versus a Summoner... That's not exactly a balanced match. She can just summon some huge beast at me and I won't be able to do anything."

"You can use me as your beast, Master," Dusk offered, his voice calm but laced with a small, confident smile.

Leon's fingers drummed against the edge of the card as he thought. "You're one of my hidden cards, Dusk. I don't lay those on the table until I've seen my opponent's hand."

Dusk nodded slightly. "But, You can also use the sword, Master."

Leon's lips twitched upward, the corner of his mouth curling. "No... I have a better idea. I have this in my mind since the day I heard about the monthly duels and since my opponent is a girl, this will work perfectly."

Dusk tilted his head, his ears flicking. "What idea, Master?"

"If I'm going to win this duel, I will win it with potions. After all, I am an Alchemist.

We're going to the Helix Library. Shift into your true form. I'm riding you to the kingdom. You won't have trouble in carrying me right ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

Dusk's tail flicked once, his blue eyes glinting. "Carrying you will be no trouble, Master."

"Good, Let's move." Leon spoke, stepping back and opening the window once again.

"As you command, Master." Dusk leapt from the windowsill, his body expanding midair.

Muscles stretched and bones reshaped, shadows wrapping around him as he assumed his original form. Within seconds, a massive feline beast landed gracefully on the snow-dusted ground.

"Adaptive Body," Leon muttered as He grabbed his coat, vaulted through the window and landed with ease atop Dusk's broad back.

<Adaptive Body>

[Adjusting to Cold Resistance.]

[Protective layer on eyes applied successfully.]

A thin, glassy film slid over Leon's eyes, shielding them from the harsh wind that whipped through the winter air.

"Let's go," Leon commanded, gripping a handful of Dusk's thick, dark fur.

"Hang tight, Master," Dusk replied with a grin. His powerful legs coiled and then unleashed in a single motion, launching them onto a neighboring rooftop.

*Hup*

Leon glanced over his shoulder, smirking slightly. "You've got some serious spring in those legs."

Dusk's voice drifted back to him, steady and focused. "Master, I recommend crossing over the rooftops and jumping over the village boundary quickly.

Shall I choose that route or would you like me to follow another route ?"

"I don't really give a fuck about route Dusk, take any route that can get us there faster," Leon answered.

"As you command, Master."

Without wasting another breath, Dusk accelerated, bounding from rooftop to rooftop. His movements were smooth and controlled, each leap perfectly calculated. With a final surge, he vaulted clean over the village's outer wall and landed in the open expanse beyond.

*Thud*

As soon as his paws touched open ground, his speed exploded. The snowy plains blurred beneath them, the freezing wind biting at Leon's face—but the Adaptive Body kept the chill at bay. The sky above was a sheet of darkness, snowflakes swirling madly, but neither of them slowed.

....

Within four minutes, the towering gates of the kingdom loomed ahead.

"Master, we've arrived. Shall I carry you straight to the Helix Library as well?" Dusk asked, slowing as they approached.

Leon shook his head and swung down from Dusk's back. His boots crunched into the snow. "The guards won't let a beast like you through the gates."

The moment his feet hit the ground, Dusk's form shimmered. His large frame compressed, fur rippling as he shrank swiftly back into his smaller, cat form.

Leon walked toward the kingdom gates, his boots crunching over the packed snow. Just as he approached the entrance, both guards standing watch snapped to attention, crossing their spears in front of him in a sharp motion that blocked his path.

*Swish-Swish*

"Who are you, and what's your business here so late at night, kid ?" one of the guards demanded, narrowing his eyes with suspicion.

"I'm here to visit the Helix Library. Personal reasons," Leon replied calmly, his tone neutral as his gaze met the guard's without wavering.

"Do you have a citizen card ?" the guard pressed.

'Shit… I left that at home,' Leon thought, his face remaining impassive as he patted his pockets deliberately.

"Ummm... Seems like I may have forgotten it at home," he admitted, his voice steady.

"Then go home and—"

Leon cut him off smoothly. "But I have this."

He flipped a silver coin into view between his fingers.

Both guards' eyes locked onto the glint of the coin, their stern expressions instantly softening into greedy smiles.

"Ahh… silver coin…" one of them muttered under his breath, his gaze lingering at the shiny coin.

"Uh… do you at least have your library card?" the other guard asked, clearly hoping for an excuse to let him pass.

"I do. Here." Leon pulled the card out and handed it over.

Both guards stiffened the moment they saw it.

"Holy shit…"

"He's from V-Velthorne Academy."

Their faces shifted from greed to a mix of awe and unease as they exchanged a glance.

"You can go," the first guard said quickly, handing the card back. "We don't want anything. Just don't mention we stopped you."

'Damn, this is one good Academy.' Leon mused with a small smile. He tucked the silver coin and library card safely back into his pocket and headed into the city without another word.

As he made his way through the empty marketplace, the silence settled around him thickly. Only a few faintly glowing lamps swayed by shuttered shops, their light flickering in the cold winds.

"It's dead silent tonight," Leon muttered.

"It is, Master," Dusk's voice replied softly from beside him.

…

Within five minutes, Leon reached in front of the Helix Library. Its gates were closed, but a warm golden glow still seeped out through the semi-transparent windows.

Leon walked to the heavy wooden doors and rapped twice with his knuckles.

*Knock-Knock*

He waited patiently. Ten long seconds passed in silence.

Frowning slightly, Leon knocked again—harder this time.

*Knock-Knock*

"Wh-who's there?" A nervous female's voice called from within, quivering slightly.

"Rita… it's me. Leon," Leon replied in a loud voice.

There was a brief pause, then hurried footsteps approached. The door creaked open, revealing Rita standing in the entryway. She was wrapped in a thin red nightgown, her long hairs loose around her shoulders and her boobs looked bigger.

'Huh… I never realized they were that big. Must've been that book hiding them that she always hugs to her chest,' Leon thought casually, his expression unreadable as he met her gaze again.

"Come in—quickly," Rita urged, grabbing his sleeve and pulling him inside before shutting the doors behind him.

"What are you doing here so late, Mr. Leon?" she asked, tilting her head with a faintly puzzled smile.

"I need to read some potion cooking books," Leon answered immediately.

"Why at this hour?" she asked, moving behind the counter as she adjusted her gown slightly.

"Monthly duels tomorrow. I've got a match," Leon explained. His gaze lingered on her for a moment before he asked casually, "If you don't mind me asking… why the nightgown ? Do you sleep here ?"

"I'm a librarian," Rita replied with a short laugh. "What do you expect? This is my home. I sleep here, eat here, and do everything else here. Hope you don't mind seeing me like this."

"Not at all," Leon said, a faint smile tugging at his lips.

"Rita… I'm missing some of the books up here!"

A loud voice echoed from the third floor, breaking the quiet.

Leon glanced upward, spotting a student in a red uniform leaning over the railing.

"There are students here at this time ?" Leon asked, his brow furrowing slightly.

"Told you—many of them are preparing for their final exams," Rita replied as she looked at

him with a smile.

"Come on. The books you're after are on the third floor as well." Rita replied as she grabbed a pair of keys from behind the counter and started walking up the stairs.

Leon followed, his eyes drawn almost unconsciously to the sway of her hips and the flash of red panties barely visible beneath the nightgown's hem.

"I hope you're enjoying the view down there," Rita teased suddenly, glancing back with a playful, sultry smile.

'Well… isn't she one dirty librarian?' Leon thought with a crooked grin.

…

Outside the library,

"Hmm… I wonder when Master will come out," Dusk mused softly, his tail flicking as he sat waiting under the dim light.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127: Focused Reading
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So… are you enjoying the view down there?" Rita asked, her voice teasing as she looked over her shoulder at Leon with a playful glint in her eyes.

Leon chuckled softly. "Well… I can't say no."

"It's a special service, just for you, Mr. Leon," she replied with a grin, continuing her slow ascent up the stairs, her nightgown swaying gently with each step.

'Is she flirting with me… or is she just a slut?' Leon wondered silently, keeping his expression carefully neutral. 'Either way, I'm not that interested in her immature body.'

"The view's really good, though," he added aloud, a fake smile tugging at the corner of his lips.

"Haha...I heard the Alchemist's House has been at the bottom of Velthorne's rankings since… well, since forever." Rita spoke with a smile.

"Yeah, that's right," Leon replied flatly as they reached the third floor.

"Although they don't have much of fighting powers, they sure get rich after passing out from the University." Rita replied.

"They sure do." Leon replied with a smile as both of them reached on the third floor.

Rita turned toward him, gesturing toward the rows of towering shelves. "You'll find all the books on potion brewing in sections B-17, B-31, and C-03. But only up to rare rank potions."

"What about legendary potions?" Leon asked, tilting his head.

"Seventh floor. No access. Restricted." She gave him a small smile. "If you need anything, just call my name. But only for the next hour—I'll be asleep after that."

"Got it," Leon replied under his breath, already heading toward the shelves she'd pointed out.

'Alright… before I start reading, let's make a new skill,' he thought as he activated his system.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill…]

"Focused Reading."

[Skill 'Focused Reading' has been created.]

[Rank has been set to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of the skill.]

"A passive skill that activates whenever the user reads something. Every passing minute while reading will consume 100 mana and grant one Learning Stack.

Each stack increases the user's reading speed and learning efficiency by 1%."

'It's a simple design with a normal task. The system shouldn't have any issues with it.' Leon thought in his mind.

[Processing...]

[Description accepted.]

[Estimated mana cost calculated: 50 mana to activate, 100 mana per stack.]

[Cooldown calculated: 45 seconds after each use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

'Good cooldown. Mana usage is manageable. This should help me a lot.'

"Learn it," Leon said quietly.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Focused Reading}.]

Leon nodded in satisfaction. "Time to get started."

He moved quickly between the shelves, scanning titles until he found what he needed. One by one, he pulled twelve books from their places and stacked them neatly on the nearby reading table. Without wasting a second, he sat down and cracked open the first book.

<Focused Reading>

[+1 Learning Stack]

[+1 Learning Stack]

[+1 Learning Stack]

...

As the minutes passed, the skill kicked in. One stack. Then another. Then another.

His mind sharpened. His speed increased. Words on the page seemed to burn straight into his memory.

---

[119 Learning Stacks]

---

2 Hours later,

*Flip*

Leon turned the page of the third book. With a single glance, the entire page embedded itself into his memory like a carved rune.

*Flip*

Another glance. Another complete absorption.

Page after page, the words blurred into his mind, and he could feel the knowledge settling into place faster than ever before.

'If I kept reading like this, I can read every single book in this library in about one month at most.' Leon thought with a smile.

On the northern side of the third floor, five students from the Phoenix Academy of Mages were seated around a long study table. Open books lay scattered across its surface as the group buried themselves in revision for the upcoming finals.

"Man… I'm seriously about to fall asleep," one of them muttered, rubbing his eyes. "Justin, can I take a quick nap? Just ten minutes?"

He turned to the one sitting at the head of the table—a tall, sharp-featured young man with red hair, sleek glasses, and a presence that practically screamed leadership.

Justin pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose and gave the boy a cold stare. "Kel, you're sitting with the elite circle of Phoenix Academy's top-ranking mages. Do you think we got here by napping during study sessions?"

"N-No," Kel stammered, snapping his book back open.

"Good. Since your brain clearly needs stimulation, get up and bring me the volume on water magic from shelf B-32. That walk might keep you awake."

"Y-Yeah, okay." Kel rose and walked off quickly, muttering under his breath. "Man… I shouldn't have agreed to join this group. Sure, the benefits are nice but—"

He froze mid-thought. Just a few shelves ahead, sitting alone at a table under the dim light, was someone quietly flipping through a thick book.

Kel's eyes widened.

'No way… That guy—!'

Without another word, he spun around and bolted back to the group.

"Justin! Justin!"

"What now?" Justin asked, glancing up with a frown. "Where's the book?"

"It's not that! The guy—the one who fired that beam out of his finger that day!"

"What about him?" Justin asked with a curious expression.

"He's here. Right now. Reading just a few shelves away!"

Justin shot up from his seat, his face tightening with tension. The other three students followed, alarmed by Kel's urgency.

"Are you sure?" Justin asked.

"I saw him with my own eyes."

"Lead the way."

The group started moving, their steps echoing sharply across the quiet floor.

Step. Step. Step. Step. Step.

Leon's ears twitched.

'Hmm... footsteps. Two? No… three… no—five or six maybe. They're heading this way.'

Without raising his head, Leon whispered under his breath.

"Inventory, withdraw."

<Inventory>

With a subtle motion, he pulled out Nyxter, his dark-bladed sword, unsheathed it silently, and slid it beneath the table by his leg.

"Threads. Threads. Threads. Threads. Threads."

Five invisible mana threads lashed out from his head. Each thread bound itself tightly to every single blade of the Nyxter and all the blades floated against the table's downside—ready to strike at command.

Seconds later, the group reached Leon's table.

Justin stepped forward and pulled out the chair directly across from Leon, sitting down without invitation. The others stood nearby, watching him.

*Flip. Flip*

Leon didn't look up. He continued turning the pages of the book calmly, his eyes scanning every word—but his mind was locked onto every single movement in front of him.

Justin leaned forward and spoke with a smug smile.

"Are you even reading that, or just looking at the pictures of herbs ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128: Intimidation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Thud*

Leon tossed the book to Justin and looked at him with a smile.

'I want to test it as well. Am I really reading them, or have I actually memorized them too?' Leon thought with a smile.

"What ?" Justin asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Ask me something from the book," Leon spoke with a smile.

"Well, fine..." Justin replied as he picked up the book and started flipping through the pages.

"What is the only ingredient that you need to crush—"

"—before adding it into the mixture of the acid potion? It's Kiloton Fruit's acid," Leon answered with a neutral expression.

"What the fuck!?" Justin whispered under his breath, his eyes wide as he flipped through the pages again, this time choosing a completely random one.

"How do you brew a size reduction—"

"Jutter Tree's fruit. You have to peel off the upper layer carefully so as not to damage the inner part, or it can get ruined pretty fast.

After peeling the outer layer carefully, pull out the fruit's inner core and slowly place it inside boiling water.

Once the water turns green, you just add a stable amount of pure mana to it, and your potion will be ready.

But jutter trees are rare to find and their fruits only grow once a year so making this potion is really hard but it goes for a really good price." Leon replied without a break, as if reciting the page word-for-word.

"T-That's right... B-But, how? You spoke it just as it's written in here. Word for word... But how?" Justin asked, genuinely shocked as he stared at Leon.

"You got the answer to your question. Now, I'll return to my reading. You probably wouldn't want to be seen sitting at the same table as a commoner," Leon said with a smile, flipping the page.

*Flip*

"I don't believe in that crap. I think the strongest should rule, no matter who it is, A Commoner or A Noble." Justin replied with a grin.

Leon looked at Justin with a neutral expression and silently activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Justin Weaver]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 500/500]

[MP: 400/400]

[Description: Justin is the fourth child of the Weaver House, a five-star noble household. He's a very capable student, but he wants to become the next successor of his family. Unfortunately, he can't seem to surpass his three older brothers, no matter how hard he tries.

That's why he looks for people with special talents who can work for him.]

'I can use him... If I help him become the leader of his family, I can gain a huge advantage inside the kingdom—open shops, furniture, bakeries, clothing, even a potion shop.

But first... I need to show him why he needs me.' Leon thought, his face unreadable.

"Well, it's good you don't believe in that." Leon smiled and returned to reading.

"I saw you that day... using that skill in the library. That hole is still there, you know?" Justin asked with a smirk.

Leon raised his head and looked at him seriously.

"Don't worry—"

"I think we should talk in private," Leon interrupted, his voice calm.

"A wise decision... You guys, go back to the table and continue studying," Justin said to the others.

"But, Justin—"

"I said… go." Justin's eyes narrowed, his tone leaving no room for argument.

"Y-Yes, Sir." they muttered, immediately walking away.

…

"Let me introduce myself again—"

"I know you. Justin Weaver, fourth son of the Weaver House.

A five-star noble who wants to become the next successor of his family—but no matter how hard you try, you just can't seem to surpass your brothers, can you?

Now you look for special people who can work for you and get you to the top," Leon said with a calm smile.

"H-How do you know about the successor thing...? I-I haven't told anyone about that," Justin asked, visibly shaken, his ears turning red as he subtly reached into his pants, gripping his wand (Magical wand not his dick.)

"I can help you," Leon said simply, his eyes fixed on Justin.

"W-What?" Justin blinked, caught off guard.

"I can help you become the successor of your family," Leon repeated with a smile.

"And how can I believe you?" Justin asked, regaining some of his composure.

"Don't believe me. Just stand up, walk back to your table, and continue studying.

Forget everything about me and maybe in about 130 years, you'll become the seventh or eighth leader of your family," Leon said with a confident expression.

"You can't talk to me like that—"

"Why? Because you're a noble? I thought you didn't believe in that crap.

You might be a noble, but in your own family, you're seen as a failure. All you can do is pass tests with good marks.

And I don't think that's all it takes to lead a five-star noble house, is it, Justin?" Leon asked, still smiling.

'Fuck... Did I push it too far?' Leon wondered, watching sweat form on Justin's forehead.

"How can a commoner like you help me ?" Justin asked.

"Hmm... How can I help you ? Wait, If I told you that, what good will I be ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"C-Can you really help me?" Justin asked in a shaky voice, wiping the sweat away.

'The cat is in the bag,' Leon thought with a grin.

"I already told you... I can make you the head of your family. Hell, I could get your family promoted to a seven-star house," Leon said casually.

'Wait... Can families even get promoted?' he suddenly wondered.

"W-What do you want in exchange for this?" Justin asked warily.

"Seven favors..." Leon said, his voice calm but laced with evil.

"W-What?" Justin blinked.

"I will ask you for seven things. When I ask, you will do them—without hesitation and without question—after you become the leader of your family. Do you accept ?" Leon asked, eyes locked on him.

"I-I accept," Justin replied, swallowing hard as he wiped more sweat from his brow.

'I can really intimidate people, huh?' Leon thought with a small, satisfied smirk.

"Now, Do you have a personal butler ?" Leon asked with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129: Weaver Household
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I-I do have a maid, but no butlers," Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"Good... I'm your butler starting tomorrow," Leon ordered with a smile.

"So, umm... how much do you want as your salary?" Justin asked, looking confused.

"I don't care about the money. Pay me whatever you want. Now, tell me about your brothers," Leon said, his tone flat.

"My oldest brother—the one next in line to become the head of the family—is Jamie Weaver.

He has two wives, a single son around three years old, and he's a graduate of Velthorne Academy.

He spends most of his time at the north-eastern border—"

"Wait... What house ?" Leon asked calmly.

"What?" Justin blinked.

"I mean, what class is your brother?" Leon clarified.

"He's a Healer. One of the best you'll find in the entire kingdom," Justin replied.

"My second oldest brother's name is Jim Weaver," he continued.

"Quick question—why do all your names start with the letter 'J'?" Leon asked with genuine confusion.

"I-I don't know. My father chose them," Justin answered, wiping sweat from his forehead.

"Why are you sweating so much?" Leon asked, raising an eyebrow.

"T-The information I'm giving you... it might not seem like a big deal to you, but to me, it's a huge risk. I'm leaking family secrets—that makes me a traitor."

'Family secrets ? That's general information I think. But, in his sense of speaking... He is the traitor in a way.' Leon thought.

Leon tilted his head, then shrugged. "Well, you had your chance to walk away. You still do. Go back to your table and I'll pretend this conversation never happened. But if you walk away now, I won't ever be interested in helping you again.

I only help people who want to help themselves. Not cowards who run like little girls the moment it's time to act. So, Feel free to leave anytime you want."

With that, Leon picked up his book and began reading again.

"I-I'm sorry... It just seems really risky. I mean, I'm telling all this to someone outside the family, and I don't even know how much power you actually hold—"

Suddenly, Leon raised his index finger and pointed down toward the table.

"W-Wha—?"

Justin glanced down and his face turned pale, as the words didn't come out of his mouth.

Two sharp blades were floating just a few centimeters from his stomach. One of them tilted slightly—aimed directly at his heart and the other one at his dick.

"I saw the wand handle sticking out of your pocket when you walked up to my table. And when you lifted your hand off the table, it slipped back into your pocket—most likely to get a grip on it.

You were planning to cast either an offensive or defensive spell—silently and without my knowledge.

That's why you maintained eye contact so intently... to avoid looking down but you couldn't notice my blades either," Leon explained.

"B-But—"

"I'd suggest you stay calm," Leon interrupted, his voice cold.

"Because before you can even finish the first word of a cast, one of these blades will pierce your heart...

and the other will slice your dick off, maybe you will live after the heart one but that dick-cutting will really make you... Oh well, you know what.

That's why you should always pre-cast defensive spells before engaging in conversation with someone you suspect might be 'Dangerous' ," Leon said, making air quotes with his fingers.

"S-So… are you going to kill me?" Justin asked nervously, slowly pulling his hands out of his pockets and placing them on the table.

"No. You asked how much power I hold—this is your question's answer," Leon replied calmly.

"I-I get it now… P-Please, withdraw your blades. I don't want to become a man with no dick," Justin said seriously.

"I don't want to make you one," Leon smirked, then retracted the floating blades and extended his hand. "It'll be a pleasure working with you, Justin Weaver."

Justin hesitated, then reached out. The two shook hands.

"Now then, what's the status of your second oldest brother?" Leon asked with a smile.

"His class is swordsman, and he's 26 years old... He says that he is single, but secretly has a girlfriend. She's a knight in the Royal Army. He loves her more than anything, Her name is Amelia Ford. Anything else you want to know?" Justin replied, still a bit nervous.

"What about your third brother?" Leon asked, his face unreadable.

"Oh… he's not a problem. Just a drunk. Spends most of his time at the Windgrass Brothel. Spending our father's money on whores and stupid sluts."

"Well… that's an interesting character," Leon muttered. "You can go now. I'll gather the rest of the information myself. You don't stay in the academy dorms, right?"

"No. I travel from my house to the academy every day."

"One last question—why didn't you get into Velthorne Academy?" Leon asked, raising a brow.

"Because… they don't take students based on knowledge. They conduct aptitude tests… and I failed," Justin answered with a hint of shame.

"Inform your maid that I'll be in front of your house, day after tomorrow at 8 a.m. sharp. Tell her to teach me the routines and chores.

Don't talk to me in public, and don't give me orders in front of others unless necessary.

Also—starting tomorrow, you'll begin practicing real magic," Leon said, his voice sharp and commanding.

"Y-Yes… Umm, can I go now?" Justin asked hesitantly.

"Yes," Leon replied, already engrossed in his book once more.

'I have to make some buff skills in order to make him a good mage.'

'But his family is rather interesting… a brother with two wives and a son, yet he spends most of his time stationed at the northeastern border. Suspicious.

And the second brother… deeply in love with a female knight. Now, I can only wonder what might happen if she gets posted at the same border as the first brother…

What if their meals are spiked with a potent aphrodisiac? Or better… what if the second brother and the first brother's wife end up in a sealed room inside the castle, and the air starts to fill with that same aphrodisiac ?

Heh… now that would be a sight worth seeing. A brother might forgive an assassination attempt… but never fucking his wife or girlfriend.

Once both of them starts to fight each other, they should get eliminated from the successor's list.

That's a wicked thought. But such games aren't easy to pull off… I'll need to get inside that house and see what's really going on.' A devious smile crept onto Leon's face as more ideas began forming in his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130: Data Manager
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Helix Library — 3 Hours Later

Leon sat in silence, his eyes scanning the final book laid out in front of him, titled 'Ancient Alchemy Records.'

He flipped through the yellowed pages until something caught his attention:

---

• Moonrush Aphrodisiac Recipe

Moonrush Aphrodisiac is one of the most powerful lust-inducing substances ever recorded. Even a single whiff of its fumes is said to drive a dragon mad with desire.

Legends speak of a deranged queen who crafted this potion in an attempt to enslave her king through lust.

When she used it on him, the king became a frenzied beast, killing over a hundred virgin girls in a single night while ravaging them.

Eventually, he was slain—by his own daughter.

To brew this forbidden potion, only three ingredients are required:

1. Moonflower – A mystical flower said to absorb the light of the moon itself. Known for heightening sensitivity and inducing a euphoric mood.

2. Redleaf Plant Extract – A once-common plant famed for stoking the internal fire of arousal in target's body. Long believed to be extinct.

3. Succubus/Incubus Body Fluid – These demons of lust produce a unique sweat when aroused through their sweat. It exponentially enhances seductive power, but drastically lowers rational thought and intelligence in the target.

Brewing this potion is still considered mythical.

As no one has ever succeeded in creating it due to the extreme precision and total mana control required.

---

Leon leaned back, his eyes narrowed.

'Moonflowers… I've read about them. They bloom only at night in the Vinceral Forest, but they're incredibly hard to spot.

Redleaf Plants are… extinct. I saw that mentioned in the "Alchemy Ingredients" compendium.

And succubus sweat? Seriously? Where the fuck am I supposed to find a succubus?

They're high-level demonic monsters and according to books, they only appears in B-rank or higher dungeons—and even then, finding them there is not completely guaranteed.

I'm nowhere near strong enough to solo one of those and taking a party there is suicide.

There is only one place on this planet that has succubus demons and that is Demon kingdom itself but that kingdom is far, far away from any of the other kingdom and going there is also suicide.

First of all, you can't carry enough food and water to cover the journey, but even if I fully filled my inventory with food and water, the demons will make me their dinner as soon as they see me.

The Redleaf Plant… that's the real problem. Even if I somehow find a succubus and moonflower, the Redleaf Plant is extinct…' Leon stared blankly at the page, his fingers tapping the table in a slow rhythm, lost in thought.

"Oh well... fuck it. I'll just make a normal aphrodisiac for now," Leon muttered as he stood from the table and began walking toward the other shelves.

'How many stacks do I have?' he thought, opening his Stacking Panel.

> [300 - Learning Stacks]

'Well isn't that impressive.' Leon thought with a smile.

"Still some time before the market opens… and I'm not sleepy. Might as well keep reading."

With that, Leon wandered through the vast library, pulling out books at random—finishing each one in barely seven to ten minutes before moving to the next.

---

Two hours later... The sun had risen.

---

*Blink—Blink*

Leon's eyes opened. He was lying on the floor, a book in each hand.

"Hmm...? Morning already?" he mumbled, blinking against the light.

"Mr. Leon, looks like you pulled an all-nighter," came a familiar voice from behind.

He turned to see Rita, back in her formal librarian attire— and a book clutched against her chest as usual.

"Oh... Rita," Leon yawned.

*Yawwwnn*

"Good morning, Sir Leon," she said with a gentle smile, walking up to him and softly pressing a kiss to his lips.

*Chu*

She quickly pulled back, still smiling, as if nothing unusual had happened.

'What the fuck was that?' Leon blinked, his expression blank as his brain lagged for a moment.

"If you're staying longer, I can prepare breakfast," Rita offered sweetly.

"I'm good… but thanks for the offer. I have somewhere to be." Leon spoke as he hurried down the stairs.

'What the hell kind of kiss was that? So lame. If you're gonna kiss me, at least use your damn tongue and insert it inside my mouth or let me at least suck on your lips.

These kids, don't even know how to properly kiss.' Leon thought with an annoyed expression.

"Whatever..." Leon shrugged the thought off and exited the library.

---

Back inside, Rita stood with flushed cheeks, squeezing the book tightly to her chest as something warm leaked between her thighs.

"Hah... I don't care if you love someone else... As long as I can have you, I'll even become your concubine, Mr. Leon.

I even have you my first kiss."

She whispered to herself, her face red with perverted thoughts.

---

Kingdom Market — Early Morning

Leon wandered through the bustling market, noticing most of the stalls were already open.

"Yaaawn... Fuck, I'm still tired. And I have way too much info swirling in my head. It's all getting jumbled up."

His eyes twitched.

"I need to fix this, or I'll go insane."

Without hesitation, he activated his skill:

<Skill Crafter>

> [Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Data Manager."

[Skill 'Data Manager' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of the skill.]

"This skill can access the user's memory and store unnecessary knowledge into the subconscious mind.

When activated with a keyword, the skill flashes all related information back into the user's mind.

But it consumes a large amount of mana on every activation."

[Processing...]

'Well... It's just a basic memory storing and searching skill. It should be good enough for an F-rank skill but just in case, I have added the mana thing.' Leon thought in his mind.

[Description accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Data Manager}.]

"Search." Leon smirked.

[Chant 'Search' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost: 250 mana/use.]

[Cooldown: 10 seconds.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn."

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Data Manager}.]

"Search..." Leon activated the skill immediately.

[Data Manager Activated]

[No memory Found!]

[Would you like to Dump Memory?]

"Yes."

[Please select time frame for memory dumping.]

"Last three hours."

[Dumping unnecessary information...]

Leon felt a wave of mental relief as the overflow of cluttered data faded from his conscious mind.

"Nice. I know I read about the monster 'Minotaur' earlier… but I can't recall anything about it."

"Let's test this."

"Search... Minotaur."

[-250 MP]

[+113796 MP]

[Searching...]

[Topic: Minotaur]

[Result: Found]

[Memory flashing initiated.]

Instantly, information about minotaurs surged back into his mind—everything from their biology to their attack patterns and dungeon habitats.

"Who said F-rank skills are stupid." Leon spoke with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131: Gura's Alchemy Set
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Alchemist's Shop,

*Ting*

Leon stepped into the shop and immediately noticed the old man wiping down the counter.

"Oh... Kid, you're here again? And so early too. Is something urgent or are you a early bird ?" the old man asked, giving him a curious smile.

"I need these ingredients as soon as possible. I'm already running late for the monthly duels, old man." Leon replied with a neutral expression, placing a folded piece of parchment on the counter.

"Monthly duels? But no academy is—wait... Which academy are you from again?" the old man asked, tilting his head.

"Velthorne Academy," Leon answered with a faint smile.

"Oh my... Another alchemist from Velthorne, huh? Very well then, I'll get your ingredients right away," the old man said, taking the list. But as his eyes scanned the contents written over the piece of paper, his brows slowly furrowed.

"This last item... Redleaf Plant extract... Kid, this plant has been extinct for years. You won't find it anywhere." The old man spoke with a obvious expression.

'Well... Let's see if this trick works. I used to do this with the dope dealers back on earth to get some.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Nothing ever truly goes extinct, old man. You know what I mean," Leon replied with a knowing smirk.

"Hah... You kids and your curiosity.

Still, since you're from Velthorne and I've had good relations with alchemists from there, I'll let you in on something.

There's a hidden place called the 'Black Market'—a ruthless, underground exchange where illegal and extinct items are sold. Beasts, potions, plants... you name it. But it comes at a heavy price, and that's all I can say. I don't know where it is, and I never told you about it. Understood?" the old man asked with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Told me about what?" Leon asked with a straight face pretending to not know anything about what he just heard.

"Good... That's how it should be. Now, remember—you owe this old man one for the tip. I'll fetch your ingredients now." The old man spoke as he went back.

'I do owe you one, old man... And if the Redleaf Plant is in that Black Market, then I might just find succubus sweat there too and maybe the moonleaf as well.' Leon thought as he turned his eyes toward the rest of the shop, looking at old potions racked in shelfs and ingredients floating in some kind of liquid inside big jars.

Suddenly, Something caught his attention.

"Hmm...?" In the right corner of the shop stood a wooden dummy draped in a long brown coat, with a pair of gloves and black goggles hanging neatly beside it.

<Inspect>

Leon immediately used his skill on instinct.

[Name: Gura's Alchemy Clothes]

[Rank: Rare]

[Description: Gura Grandom, one of the greatest alchemists in human history, crafted this alchemy set.

After his death, his possessions were stolen and sold across the world. This particular set includes a coat made from a rough yet durable fiber capable of resisting burns during potion-making. It contains hidden pockets that can store up to fifty potions inside them, accessible only while wearing the matching gloves. The gloves themselves increase the user's crafting speed and weight sensitivity.

The enchanted goggles are made with special glass and magical runes that reveal rare alchemy ingredients otherwise hidden by magic or undetectable to the naked eye—but they only function when the full set is worn.]

'Holy shit... What the hell is an overpowered item like that doing in this run-down shop?' Leon thought, holding back his excitement.

"Kid, I got everything you need," the old man called, stepping out with a large basket full of herbs and ingredients.

*Thud*

"I have double checked every item in this basket but you can-" Before the old man could've completed his sentence, Leon interrupted him.

"Hey, old man... that coat," Leon said, pointing toward the set.

"What about it? Just some old decoration I picked up at a sale. Tried it once—itches like hell," the old man replied casually.

'He really thinks it's just some itchy old coat... I'm seriously in luck today,' Leon thought, keeping his poker face intact.

"How much for it? I'll buy it along with the ingredients," he said calmly.

"Hmm...? You actually want that ragged old thing? It looks terrible and it's uncomfortable to wear—what good can a decoration—"

"One silver for the coat, goggles, and gloves," Leon interrupted with a deadpan tone.

"Sold! That makes it six silver total. Want me to pack the suit for you, kid ?" the old man asked with a wide smile, clearly pleased with the sweet deal.

"No need. I'll take it as it is," Leon replied, walking over to the dummy and removing the gear.

"Looks like you're planning to brew quite a few potions, huh ?

These are some really expensive and odd herbs you have asked for. No one has used timber flower's extract in years. Since it can be replaced with some cheap burnsalt ash.

Should I replace it ? Because this alone will cost you 50 coppers." the old man asked, glancing at the basket of supplies.

"Don't remove anything, old man. Here—I'm running late for the Academy. I'll see you later," Leon said, handing over six silver coins, grabbing the basket, and heading out.

"Kids these days are always in a rush. Still, I got a great deal out of that crappy old coat. Bought it for 30 coppers, sold it for a silver. That's today's profit secured—I might just close the shop early and rest,

Or... I can go to the windgrass brothel and have some fun time there hehehehe." the old man chuckled, counting his coins.

…

Leon exited the shop with a wide grin and immediately stashed the coat and ingredients into his inventory.

"Now I just need a wagon to get back to the academy," he muttered, scanning the street.

Just then, a wagon rolled into view from the far side of the kingdom, heading straight toward the academy's direction.

"Lady Luck really is shining on me today," Leon smiled, raising his hand.

*Screech*

"What do you need, kid?" the wagon driver asked with a puzzled look.

"Are you heading toward Velthorne Academy?" Leon asked, hopeful.

"I am, but I'll stop just before it. This is a transport wagon, not a passanger carrier. Are you a student at the academy?" the driver asked, eyeing him.

"Yeah, and I'm running late. Can you take me as far as you go?" Leon asked.

"Hop in. I'll take you all the way before heading to my actual stop," the driver said, motioning him in.

"Thanks," Leon replied, climbing aboard. The wagon was loaded with large wooden crates.

*Crack*

The driver snapped the reins, and the horses charged forward.

"My daughter goes to that academy too. She got in with help from the noble family I work for. I'm proud of her, once she gets out... Maybe we can have a good life." the driver said, smiling warmly.

"Good for you," Leon replied, pulling out the ingredients from his inventory and laying them out on the wagon floor.

'Pray that some Royal prick doesn't rape her and throw her body aside.' Leon thought for a split second before returning to his work.

"Instant Craft..." he whispered.

<Instant Craft>

[Select Potion Type]

[Minor Glomar Aphrodisiac Potion]

[Minor Acid Potion]

[Minor Fire Potion]

...

A long list of options appeared in front of him.

"Make them all," Leon muttered, grinning.

…

*Screech*

The wagon came to a stop at the Velthorne Academy's gates.

"Alright, kid. We're here," the driver said with a smile.

"Thanks..." Leon jumped down, now fully dressed in Gura's Alchemy Set. The coat's long belts swayed behind him, the high collars partially blocked his peripheral vision from both sides, the gloves hung slightly loose on his hands and the goggles were resting over his head.

"Well, well... Look at you. When did you even change into that old thing ?" the driver asked, chuckling.

"Thanks for the ride, sir. Here's a little—" Leon began, pulling out a few copper coins.

"I don't want money, kid. Remember I told you about my daughter?" the driver asked.

"Yeah. What about her?" Leon asked curiously.

"Her name is Debbie, she is a mage. Brown hair, black eyes... She's a sweet girl but gets scared easily. Look out for her, would you ? At last we commoners will need to have each other's back," the driver said with a warm smile.

"I'll try. Thanks again," Leon nodded and headed toward the academy gates.

As soon as he entered inside the academy—

Every eye turned toward him.

"Hey look..."

"What the fuck?"

"What is that clown wearing?"

"Hahaha, is he mad?"

"What kind of idiot wears something like that?"

…

The crowd of students filled with tension of the duels, burst into mocking laughter as they pointed and snickered.

Leon walked forward, completely unfazed, his eyes focused straight ahead.

"Laugh all you want, fuckers."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132: Let The Fight BEGIN.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Main Dueling Ground of Velthorne Academy

The main Dueling ground of Velthorne Academy was built like a colossal stadium, with rows of seats spiraling upwards in circles around the enormous stage at the center.

The seating area was divided into seven sections—one for each of the seven houses.

All the students had taken their seats, chatting amongst themselves, while the teachers from each house lined up in front of their sections, selecting the students who would participate in today's competition.

*Swish*

Suddenly, a powerful gust of wind swept across the stage, and a man appeared in the center, seemingly out of nowhere.

He wore a pristine white suit adorned with golden lines and held a black, enchanted horn in his hand. His skin was dark, and his long black hairs were tied back neatly.

<Voice Enhance>

He used a skill before speaking anything...

"Ladies and gentlemen... This is your all time favorite teacher, Tyron Lancloff from House Aurinox. And for the next ten days..." He paused with a confident grin.

"I'll be your host for this month's Monthly Duels—where chosen students from each of the seven houses will battle it out for the top spot!

These monthly duels will be very very interesting students as the junior students can now also get paired up with senior students in a duel due to the removal of a small academic law that prohibited this scenario and I hope you all win but that's just not possible, hahaha."

Tyron's voice echoed throughout the stadium as he raised the horn to his lips.

"The reward for this month's duel is, as always, a mystery—one that will be revealed by the Headmaster himself at the end of the duels.

But..." He glanced down at the stage, a mischievous smile tugging at his lips. "There's something else I'd like to point out today."

He gestured toward the seating sections.

"As you can see, each house has two teachers standing proudly in front of their section, flanked by their candidates. Every house has sent at least twenty participants to fight from their side.

But let's take a moment to appreciate House Virellis because..." Tyron paused dramatically. "They haven't participated in the monthly duels for the last three months. And now, suddenly, they've decided to return to the competition...

But, that's not the funny part, they came back and participated in the monthly duels...with just one student." Tyron spoke with a mocking smile.

The crowd buzzed in confusion.

"What ?"

"I thought House Virellis stopped participating."

"He was a Non-Attending Student... I think that's why he was forced to participate."

"Well truly sad for him."

"That guy is going to get crushed in the arena."

...

"Ladies and gentlemen, give a big round of applause to Mr. Malkof and his student!" Tyron announced, pointing toward House Virellis.

Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap

Malkof raised his hand, forcing a smile, and turned to Leon with a mixture of pride and confusion on his face.

"U-Umm... Mr. Leon, if you don't mind me asking..." Malkof whispered nervously. "Why are you wearing that ridiculous coat? They're already mocking us... And now you're—ugh... Why did you even take the Non-Attending spot?"

"Yawn... Tell me when it's my turn. I'll just sit on the chair for now." Leon muttered as he lazily slumped into a chair nearby.

"This guy... Fuck." Malkof grumbled under his breath and sat down next to Leon, keeping his gaze on the stage.

...

"Well then, ladies and gentlemen!" Tyron continued, full of energy. "As you know, every month we invite special guests from the Royal Castle to observe the duels. These guests sometimes offer incredible opportunities—mentorship, employment, artifacts, or even coin as extra rewards to some of the students.

Let's welcome Sir Wander Blain from the prestigious Seven-Star Blain Household. He's one of the most distinguished men you'll ever lay eyes on—Commander General of the Southern Borders that are attached to the Elven Borders!"

Tyron spoke as he pointed to the top-left corner of the stadium.

*Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap*

Everyone turned their attention to a grand observation platform floating above the seats. Five ornate red chairs were arranged there—one in the front and four behind it.

Sir Wander Blain and his wife sat side by side, while Derisa Demar occupied the third seat. In the fourth sat an elderly woman, well into her eighties.

"Our next guest," Tyron announced with reverence, "is a true force of nature—the Eighth General of the Royal Army, feared and respected by all. She's also known as the Ruthless Sword Queen: Madam Derisa Demar!"

*Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap*

"And finally," Tyron smiled broadly, "words fall short to describe this woman—perhaps the most powerful mage in the known world, the one who pushed back and Entire army of Elfs and cleaned out an B-ranked dungeon on her own in only 1 year.

She's the Royal Mage, the King's right hand. After months of petitioning, she has graced us with her presence.

Please welcome... Madam Ariana Lonewolf!"

*Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap*

Suddenly, a deep voice boomed through the stadium.

"Well then..."

"Huh ?" Leon opened one eye, looking around in confusion.

"Shall we begin this month's duels?" the voice echoed as a shadow emerged in front of the honored guests.

*Swish*

"HoHoHoHo..." Laughter rang out as the Headmaster appeared on stage, wearing a flowing greenish gown. Standing next to him was a woman in a sleek black clothes.

The chief guests immediately stood and bowed to the Headmaster and not only them but every single student sitting inside the stadium stood up and greeted him—everyone except Ariana, who simply stood up and smiled.

"How are you, stupid brother?" Ariana asked warmly, walking forward and hugging him.

"Holy shit... They're siblings?" Tyron whispered, stunned.

"As good as you left me, dirty witch," the Headmaster replied with a smile. "Can't say that last word out loud, but I know you get my point."

"Don't worry. Your students can't hear us," Ariana chuckled. "So, You are still pulling off dramatic entrances, huh?"

"Well, I am the Headmaster, sister. Now, everyone, please take your seats. The matches are about to begin."

The Headmaster settled into the front seat, turning to Tyron with a nod.

"Well then..." Tyron grinned, raising the horn once more. "Let's kick off the first match!

Representing House Umbraeth, we have Mr. Julius Olwen!

And his opponent—from House Drakemor—Mr. Carson Lonel!

A Magi versus a Swordsman... Well then...

LET THE FIGHT... BEGIN!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133: Shortest Match
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'll fucking end this match in one blow..." Carson growled, a wide grin stretching across his face as he raised his sword high above his head.

"Well, well... Looks like Carson is fired up and ready to give it everything he's got," Tyron commented, smiling as he gracefully leapt off the stage.

"Death is the only truth..." Julius muttered coldly. From beneath his dark, rune-engraved robe, he drew out a human femur bone—bound with totems and radiating eerie magical energy.

"Oh my god... That thing looks downright terrifying," Tyron exclaimed, eyes wide as he turned to the audience. "Looks like Julius isn't here to take any insults from Carson today."

"But, as both of you know..." Tyron added, his voice projecting across the arena, "there are only two rules in these duels. First, you are not allowed to kill your opponent. Second, you may use anything—except forbidden spells and cursed items."

"Oh, I'll show this gloomy bastard who the fuck I am. Come at me, bitch!" Carson shouted and charged forward, sword gleaming under the sun as he sprinted toward Julius.

Meanwhile, seated casually in his chair, Leon's eyes narrowed slightly. Without lifting a finger, he activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Carson Lonel]

[Class: Swordsman]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 300/300]

[MP: 100/150]

[Description: Carson is the third son of the Lonely family. He's a skilled swordsman, but his overconfidence and fragile ego often drag him down during fights.]

<Inspect>

[Name: Julius Olwen]

[Class: Dark Magi]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 450/600]

[MP: 132/300]

[Description: Julius Olwen, an orphan adopted by the Olwen family, possesses an exceptional memory for spells and is a specialist in illusion magic.]

"Oh my god... Carson's already slashed at Julius, and he hasn't even moved! Is this the end of the duel already!?" Tyron shouted, his voice echoing as the crowd leaned forward.

*Swish*

Carson's blade swung through Julius's form—right at his neck—but it passed through like slicing smoke.

"An illusion..." Leon spoke with a smile.

"What the—!?" Carson stumbled forward, his balance thrown off. But before he could recover, Julius appeared behind him and gently tapped his back with the bone wand.

*Touch*

"Fuc—"

"Shadow Blast."

*BOOM*

A burst of black light erupted from the wand, sending Carson sprawling across the ground.

"Death is the only way..." Julius whispered, a mocking smirk tugging at his lips as he stared down at his fallen opponent.

"You fucking asshole..." Carson growled, struggling to rise, but Julius calmly placed the bone wand against his back again.

"Stand up—and I promise, you'll feel pain in a very unpleasant spot every time you try to walk straight," Julius warned darkly, sliding the wand lower toward Carson's tailbone.

'He should've aimed just a little lower. Then Carson would've felt that pain every single morning,' Leon mused with a smirk from the sidelines.

"F-Fuck... I-I surrender!" Carson shouted in frustration, slamming a fist into the ground.

Thud

"Very well! The winner of the first match—Julius Olwen of House Umbraeth!" Tyron announced, striding back onto the stage.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I don't even know what just happened, but that was incredible! Once again, Umbraeth House shows why it's feared—merciless and direct."

"You... You don't fight with honor," Carson spat angrily, glaring at Julius.

"No matter how you fight... Death doesn't care," Julius replied coolly as he turned and walked back toward his house.

...

"Without wasting a moment, we'll move to the next match!" Tyron's voice boomed again. "Next up—Jimmy Ozword from House Aurinox. Oh! That's my house. And facing him... Ingrid Hall from House Aetherwyn."

"An Enchanter versus a Mage. But there's a twist, folks. Jimmy is a senior—fourth year—while Ingrid is just a second-year junior. This one's going to be interesting! And now, let the match... BEGIN!"

"Visit my room after the match, sweetheart. I'll show you how to enchant something real good," Jimmy said with a playful wink toward Ingrid.

"Are you serious right now? We're in the middle of a duel," Ingrid snapped, pulling out her wand and pointing it at him.

"Then come at me. You've already enchanted my heart, beautiful," Jimmy grinned.

"Aldos Inferno!" Ingrid shouted, unleashing a barrage of twenty blazing fire bullets from her wand.

Swish-Swish-Swish-Swish

"There it is—Ingrid's flame barrage! But the bullets are flying at such irregular intervals! Can Jimmy dodge them all?" Tyron shouted, excitement filling his voice.

But Jimmy didn't even flinch. He stood still, smiling.

Boom-Boom-Boom

The bullets slammed into him, enveloping his body in smoke.

"They hit him—dead on! He didn't even move! Could this be the end for Jimmy?" Tyron asked as the crowd held their breath.

"D-Did I win...?" Ingrid asked timidly, her eyes focused on the smoke.

But then the smoke cleared—and Jimmy stood there, completely unharmed. Not a single burn or scratch on his clothes.

"What the—?" Ingrid gasped, utterly bewildered.

"Looks like Jimmy just gave us all a lesson in enchantments," Tyron laughed as he immediately understood what had just happened.

"His clothes are covered in defensive enchantments," Leon commented calmly.

"That's not possible... The uniforms are already enchanted. You can't just—" Malkof began, but Leon cut him off.

"They look like academic uniforms, but they're not. He's wearing fakes—replicas enchanted with his own magic." Leon spoke with a smile as he had already inspected his clothes.

"While the crowd's attention was focused on Jimmy, no one noticed the small pendant he had tossed beneath Ingrid's feet." Leon added.

"What!?" Malkof hissed, spotting the trinket.

"I summon the almighty air... Show me the path!" Jimmy declared dramatically.

*WHOOOSH*

A gust of wind blasted from the pendant—lifting Ingrid's skirt and revealing her white panties to the entire stadium.

"Kyaaah!" Ingrid screamed and dashed off the stage in embarrassment.

"Well... I-I don't have anything to add, except... that was Jimmy, ladies and gentlemen. And he has won the match with his perverted magic," Tyron declared with an awkward smile.

"And now, the match we've all been waiting for!" Tyron continued, his voice booming again. "I know I've said this about every match so far, but this next one promises to be the shortest... and perhaps the funniest!"

"Please welcome... Leon Luster from House Virellis! And his opponent—Veronica Reynal from House Zevrath!" Tyron spoke with a smile as he pointed towards Malkof.

"Kid... You are going upstage. Don't fear anything and don't worry about the house's reputation. Just say that you admit defeat and come down.

It's really easy." Malkof spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Huh...?" Leon looked at Malkof with a confused expression.

'What kind of motivation is that ? This guy wants the only candidate of his house to surrender without even fighting ? What a stupid teacher.' Leon thought with a neutral expression as he walked upto the stage.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134: Killed a Wind Spirit.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Leon stepped onto the stage, his eyes narrowed slightly at the sight of a girl walking up from the opposite end.

'Hmm...? Have I seen her before?' Leon wondered, his expression mildly puzzled.

"So, Mr. Leon Luster... the lone warrior fighting on behalf of House Virellis," Tyron said, his voice laced with a teasing tone as he glanced at Leon's coat. "Looks like you came prepared with your outfit too, huh?"

Leon turned to face him, his expression neutral and unreadable.

"Why are you asking me extra questions?" he asked calmly. "You didn't do it with the other students. Are you mocking my House, Teacher?"

'Speak now, motherfucker...' Leon thought as he laughed in his mind.

"N-No... I would never do that!" Tyron stammered, suddenly flustered. "I-I am a teacher myself—why would I mock your house? After all, alchemists are also a part of—"

"Can we start this?" Leon interrupted flatly.

"Y-Yes... Ahem." Tyron cleared his throat awkwardly. "A Summoner versus an Alchemist... FIGHT!"

He wasted no time leaping off the stage.

...

"Do you see it, or is it just me, Brother ?" Ariana asked from behind, her sharp eyes locked onto Leon.

"I see it too, Sister," the Headmaster replied with a small smirk. "The only question is how he got it... and whether he knows how to use it."

"You know that boy, don't you?" Ariana asked, glancing at Derisa with a sly smile.

"Ma'am?" Derisa blinked in confusion, feigning innocence.

"Don't make confused faces, Sword Queen. I saw the smile on your face the moment he walked onto the stage—and the subtle change in your posture too," Ariana remarked knowingly.

"I-I do know him, but—"

"Relax. I won't press you for answers," Ariana said with a chuckle. "Just wanted to make sure my observation skills weren't getting rusty."

"I... I see," Derisa murmured softly, her eyes drifting back to the arena.

...

"Commoner... Didn't you recognize me?" Veronica asked from across the stage, with a neutral expression on her face.

<Inspect>

[Name: Veronica Reynal]

[Class: Summoner]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 400/400]

[MP: 200/200]

[Description: Veronica Reynal, fifth noble daughter of the prestigious Seven-Star Reynal House. Her summons aren't that powerful.]

"Ah... you're that girl," Leon replied, still expressionless as he met her gaze.

"So? Are you going to accept defeat now, or what?" Veronica asked, genuinely confused by his calm demeanor.

"I don't plan to," Leon answered simply.

"Well then… I summon the force of nature to fight for me," Veronica declared as she pulled a folded parchment from her pocket and infused it with mana.

Swisssssh!

A sharp gust of wind struck the stage, and from the swirl of turbulent air, a small humanoid figure materialized—its body formed entirely from condensed wind.

Without hesitation, Leon narrowed his eyes and activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Race: Small Wind Spirit]

[Level: 4]

[HP: 800/800]

[MP: 400/400]

[Description: A contracted spirit that can be summoned at will to destroy the summoner's opponent.]

"Oh my god… Veronica has summoned a wind spirit at such a young age! What else can you expect from the daughter of a Seven-Star Household?" Tyron exclaimed with visible excitement.

"Throw him out of the arena," Veronica commanded coldly.

Obeying its master, the wind spirit conjured three massive blades formed from compressed air and launched them directly at Leon.

Swish—Swish—Swish!

"There it is! The wind spirit's first attack! Can Leon defend against that?!" Tyron's voice rang out through the arena.

Leon calmly reached into his coat and retrieved a small vial filled with greyish liquid.

"Let's try this…" he muttered as he threw the vial to the ground.

Psssh!

A thick grey mist erupted on impact, engulfing Leon in a dense fog. The wind blades sliced into the mist—yet none emerged from the other side.

"Haha! Would you look at that—Leon has already hidden himself inside some strange mist created by a potion!" Tyron shouted.

"That potion…" Malkof stood from his seat, his eyes narrowing.

"The Killer Mist Potion," Ariana said with an amused smirk. "This kid's got guts."

[Name: Killer Mist]

[Type: Consumable]

[Description: Creates a thick, vision-blocking mist with a one-meter radius. Absorbs all breathable air within the cloud for ten seconds.]

Clink—

Suddenly, a red-glowing vial shot out from the grey cloud, landing just inches away from Veronica.

Stch—Puff!

A burst of flame erupted, bright and sudden—drawing everyone's attention.

"What the—?!" Veronica flinched back, startled.

The grey mist began to disperse, revealing Leon standing unbothered beneath it.

"You used a killer mist potion just to dodge that? What kind of strategy is that?" Veronica scoffed. "And throwing a fire potion without even knowing my location? Are you stupid or—"

"Your spirit should really look below itself," Leon interrupted with a slight smirk.

Eyes widened as everyone turned their gaze toward the wind spirit.

Beneath its feet, another vial sat—this one filled with the same greyish mist, a dark black seal etched beneath it.

"No—"

"Kaboom."

BOOOOOM!

Another dense cloud of Killer Mist exploded around the wind spirit, swallowing it whole.

"That fire potion… it was just a distraction," Ariana murmured, her smile widening.

'That was indeed a distraction, But how did he sneak the potion beneath the spirit? That wasn't just some trick, neither did he threw that potion—that was precisely placed there.

He's too calm… completely unfazed. If he defeats the daughter of the Reynal Household, things could get… really complicated for him,' the Headmaster mused silently, his gaze locked onto Leon.

"You… you killed my wind spirit," Veronica growled, her eyes shaking with rage.

"Oops. Looks like I hurt her feelings," Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"With God's grace… shall I summon my beloved—Arthur," Veronica spoke as she Summoned another creature.

*Grrrr…*

From the shadow behind Veronica, a low growl echoed. A beast emerged—its form lithe and cloaked in darkness, eyes gleaming red.

<Inspect>

[Name: Arthur]

[Race: Shadow Wolf]

[Level: 10]

[HP: 1200/1200]

[MP: 600/600]

[Description: A shadow creature that dwells in the inner zones of the Vinceral Forest. Often tamed by summoners through special shadow-meat feeding rituals.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135: Death or Honour
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Grrr...

The Shadow Wolf emerged slowly from Veronica's shadow, its deep red eyes glowing like embers in the dark as it scanned Leon from head to toe.

<Inspect>

[Name: Arthur]

[Race: Shadow Wolf]

[Level: 10]

[HP: 1200/1200]

[MP: 600/600]

[Description: A shadow creature that dwells in the inner zones of the Vinceral Forest. Often tamed by summoners through special shadow-meat feeding rituals.]

'Named summon... A Level 10 at that. So this is her trump card,' Leon thought calmly, his expression unshaken as he locked eyes with the beast.

"Either he plans to accept defeat... or he truly doesn't see that Shadow Wolf as a threat," Ariana murmured with a smile, her eyes glittering with curiosity. She turned to Derisa. "Tell me, just how strong can an alchemist be?"

"When I first met him... he was standing face to face with the leader of a demonic wolf pack," Derisa replied, her eyes glued to the arena. Her voice was steady, but tension lined her jaw.

'That boy... there's something strange about him,' Wander Blain thought silently, a small smile tugging at the edge of his lips. 'He exudes an aura I've only seen in the most dangerous of men.

It's like... he already knows how everything will unfold. I could predict the outcomes of the previous matches at a glance. But this one? I can't. Or maybe... I just don't want to.'

On the stage, Veronica raised her hand with fury burning in her eyes.

"Arthur... kill him!" She ordered without any hesitation.

*Grrrrrr...*

"Oh my god!" Tyron's voice rang out. "Veronica has given the final command. Will Leon surrender? Or will this be the end for him?"

The Shadow Wolf lunged forward, his maw wide open, fangs gleaming like daggers as it charged at full speed.

"Well then... eat some starters, Arthur," Leon said with a smirk, pulling a yellow, glue-like vial from his pocket—its glass engraved with a black circular blast seal.

"Glitch Point."

A glowing red dot appeared in the air in front of him.

Leon adjusted his aim, lined up his throw, and launched the potion with perfect precision.

*Clench*

*Bite*

*Break*

The vial landed directly inside Arthur's wide open mouth. Instinctively, he bit down—and in that moment, the potion's bottle shattered.

A burst of thick, sticky liquid coated the inside of its mouth—clamping its jaws shut in an instant.

*Mnnnfff! Mnhhfff! Mnhhhhnfff!*

Arthur skidded to a halt, pawing desperately at his muzzle as panic set in.

"A-Arthur?!" Veronica rushed to his side. Her eyes widened in horror. "What... what happened?! What is wrong with your mouth ?"

"What have you given him ?" Veronica asked with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

"Just some Sticky Potion..." Leon replied with a smile.

She immediately crouched down and saw it—Arthur's lower jaw glued tightly to the upper, a low muffled whimper vibrating from his sealed throat.

"If you don't surrender right now... Arthur's mouth will explode," Leon said coldly, his gaze piercing through her.

"Y-You're bluffing!" she shouted. "You don't—"

"Kaboom," Leon said calmly.

*BOOOOM*

Arthur's head exploded with a sickening blast—blood, muscle, and bone splattering across Veronica's face and all over the ground.

"N-N-NOOOOOOOOO! ARTHUR!!" she screamed as the shadow wolf's twitching corpse collapsed with a dull thud.

*Thud*

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

'Why would I warn her twice... when I get free EXP from killing her summon?' Leon thought as he turned to look at Malkof, who stood frozen in horror.

Not only him but the entire stadium had fallen into stunned silence. Not a single cheer echoed—not even from House Virellis. Because what they had witnessed wasn't just victory.

It was humiliation.

A commoner had crushed the daughter of a Seven-Star Household, she was screaming so loudly that it felt like a death ring to everyone's ears.

"Y-You... You'll pay for this, Leon Luster. I swear it," Veronica hissed through clenched teeth, pointing at him with trembling fingers.

"It was a duel. You commanded that thing to kill me. I didn't break any rules... I just killed your dog,.not you" Leon said without flinching. "Now, if you have no other summons... doesn't that mean I win?"

"Right ?" Leon asked as he turned to look at Tyron.

Tyron hesitated, glancing at Veronica. "M-Madam Veronica, do you—"

"I accept my defeat," she snapped, turning away and stepping down from the stage, her face tight with fury.

"T-The winner... is Leon Luster of House Virellis," Tyron declared with a shaking voice.

No applause followed as Leon stepped off the platform.

Not a single hand clapped as everyone looked at him with pity.

...

"That kid is ruthless, not afraid of death" Wander Blain muttered, his arms crossed. "She should've known he wasn't bluffing with that face. I should offer him to join my army."

"I don't understand," Derisa whispered. "What kind of potion could do that?"

"It was clearly a sticky potion. But the explosion..." Ariana narrowed her eyes. "He must've hidden a second trigger inside. But when? And how?

How can someone hide a triggering spell inside a potion that small ?"

"I have business to attend to, Please enjoy the duels." the headmaster said quietly, standing up from his seat and vanishing in a flash.

Swish.

...

"You… Do you even understand what you've done?" Malkof said, walking beside Leon outside the arena.

"What?" Leon asked with a blank look.

"Don't play dumb! You just made Veronica Reynal your enemy! Even I won't be able to protect you now."

Leon stopped and turned to face him. "Then tell me... what should I have done?"

Malkof hesitated. "Y-You should've accepted defe—"

"Don't you feel ashamed saying that?" Leon cut him off, his voice low and sharp. "It's like you sold your honour at some cheap brothel?"

Malkof looked down, his lips pressed tightly together.

"At least... I'll live longer than you," he muttered.

"Mr. Leon must prefer to die before losing his honour."

The voice came from behind them, both of them turned around and noticed that the headmaster standing right behind them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136: Noble Status
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"H-Headmaster…"Malkof's voice trembled as he immediately bowed, his face pale and taut with unease.

The headmaster stepped forward, calm and composed. "Mr. Malkof, I'd like a moment alone with your student. Would you mind leaving ?"

Malkof nodded quickly, his movements stiff. "Y-Yes… Sir." He backed away, leaving the two of them alone immediately.

'Fuck... I hope that kid doesn't die by the headmaster's hands.' Malkof thought with a scared expression.

---

"Leon Luster, is that correct or am I mistaken ?" the headmaster asked, his expression unreadable, one of his eye sharp as it stared at Leon from under his thick white brow.

"Yes, Sir." Leon replied plainly, his gaze steady.

The headmaster narrowed his eyes.

"Your expression… It unsettles me. You're not afraid. Not of me, not of anything. Why is that, Leon Luster ?" The headmaster asked with a confused expression.

Leon tilted his head slightly. "Because if you wanted to kill me, I'd already be dead. That means, you want to have a talk with me."

There was a beat of silence.

Then the headmaster chuckled dryly, but his tone sharpened. "Hahahah, That sort of over confidence, Leon, will get you killed faster than you think.

I'm the headmaster of this academy. Any other commoner would be on their knees before me, trembling. You, however… You stare like we're equals."

"Kid, Remember... I am thousands of times stronger than you are." The headmaster spoke as he emitted deadly aura from his body.

'Fucking hell.. his Aura is scary buy not as scary as death.' Leon thought in his mind as he remained silent, his eyes blank, unyielding.

The headmaster sighed and turned away, folding his arms behind his back as he looked toward the sky, staring at the suns directly.

"I've read your papers. You entered this academy through a personal scholarship from the Sword Queen herself… Quite rare. That girl barely speaks and if she recommended you to the academy, you must be special,"

He paused.

"I was a commoner too, once you know. My journey was one of blood, grit, and sleepless nights."

'Why the hell is he turning this into a npc monologue ?' Leon thought, his expression flat.

"When I faced the nobles for the first time, it was a war in silence—sneers, threats, politics. Every day was survival. I was terrified, but I never stopped climbing the stairs and-"

Leon raised a hand politely, "Sorry to interrupt, but… could we skip to the part where you tell me if I'm being expelled or not?"

The headmaster blinked. Then, he smiled—thinly. "Impatient, are we? Fine. Let's get to the heart of it and you are definitely not getting expelled." He turned to face Leon again.

"Leon Luster. If you plan to keep pulling stunts like what you did in the arena today… I'd advise you to become a noble." The headmaster spoke with a neutral expression.

"What?" Leon's brows furrowed as he looked at him with a confused and shocked expression.

"This academy is built on my blood and bones. I've kept peace between noble lineages and commoners for years.

Then you walk in and begin thrashing the sons of dukes and daughter of a seven star household. I can't allow that kind of disruption. I'm willing to offer you a one-star noble status. I'll even cover the fifty gold fee myself and you can increase the status of your family by-"

Leon blinked. "I don't want it."

The headmaster's brows shot up. "What?"

"I said I don't want the noble status." Leon replied with a flat expression.

The headmaster's voice grew firm, perplexed. "Do you understand what I'm offering? Respect, protection, status. People will treat you differently from Commoner because you will become noble."

"How would they even know I'm a noble?" Leon asked, an amused smile twitching at his lips.

"You'll receive a certificate signed and stamped officially by the king himself—carry it, show it. It'll open doors for you to bigger opportunities.

You will able to do stuff without any Commoner interrupting you." The headmaster explained.

Leon tilted his head. "Did you carry yours around too?"

The headmaster snorted. "No. I was awarded my title after slaying a dragon in the northeast wood valley.

I built this academy alongside the best adventurers of that time kid. But even I knew better than to antagonize seven-star noble households."

"Then expel me if you're that worried about it," Leon said coolly. "I'm not interested in studying here that much."

The headmaster stared at him for a long moment. Then, he let out a tired sigh.

"I've tried my best with you, Leon Luster. My offer will remain, should you ever change your mind.

Come find me—if you survive that long, but I am not expelling you, Derisa has made that clear in her letter that you will ask for this, Hohohohoh..." He chuckled as his figure shimmered, vanishing with a swish of air.

Leon stood there for a second. 'Well… that was weird.'

He turned on his foot and started walking towards the exit gate of the academy.

---

"Oi, kid…" Suddenly, A low voice echoed behind him.

Leon turned and noticed a knight in polished silver armor stood tall behind him, his face unreadable under the helm.

"Master Blain requests your presence. Immediately. Follow me." The knight spoke in a serious tone.

'What the hell is happening today? Why is everyone so intrested in talking to me ?' Leon groaned internally.

"Follow me, Fast" The knight didn't wait for confirmation as he started walking.

Leon sighed and fell in step behind him. "Who the hell is Master Blain…?" he muttered under his breath.

---

They walked through long, echoing halls before stopping outside a heavy wooden door.

It was a meeting room just under the arena.

"Inside," the knight ordered.

Leon pushed the door open and stepped into a lavish room. Seated inside were Wander Blain and his wife, sipping tea in absolute silence.

"What kind of commoner walks into a noble's room without greeting them properly?" Wander asked, a mocking smile on his lips.

Leon gave a curt bow, his face unreadable.

'What kind of stupid ass wants to meet you ?' Leon thought in his mind as he checked out his wife and didn't find her much attracting as she was really skinny and had flat chest.

Wander leaned forward. "I'll be direct with this. I want you in my army. A knight serving at the southern border. Every three years, we promote talented soldiers to nobility. You've got the spark. Serve under me, and you'll have a real shot."

Leon began with a polite tone, "That's too great of an offer for someone like me, but I sincerely—"

"Cut the crap." Wander's eyes narrowed. "Your face is clearly not matching your words. Tell me the truth. Why are you refusing?"

Leon looked him dead in the eyes. "I'm lazy."

Wander blinked. "What?"

"I'm lazy. Doesn't matter how good your training is. I'll still be lazy. You don't want a knight like me. I will just get my comrades killed in the battlefield." Leon replied with a straight face.

For a moment, silence hung thick in the air.

Then Wander laughed—a deep, rumbling sound. "That's the dumbest but most honest answer I've heard in years. Fine. Go on. But don't forget… you just walked away from the chance to become a noble.

That's an opportunity that people die for kid."

Leon offered a sarcastic bow as he spoke in a low voice "I'll weep over it later in my room, Sir."

He turned and walked out after that.

Click.

Thud.

---

Back inside, Wander chuckled as he sipped his tea.

"What kind of kid turns down a noble title like that?" He asked with a smile.

His wife smiled. "Commoners these days… are getting dumber. Let's just enjoy the tea."

"Yes, Love."

---

Outside the academy walls, Leon headed toward Noble Street.

"I told Justin I'd come tomorrow… but might as well start early," he muttered, hands in his pockets.

"Time to become a butler and fuck some noble bitches, hehehe."

But as he walked, unseen eyes followed from the shadows.

"Is he the one?"

"Yes."

"He's just a boy."

"I want my revenge, I want him fucking dead."

"Fine. He'll be dead by sunset. Payment is standard. Do you want his head?"

"Yes."

"This is your final decision?"

"It is. Kill him."

---

Reynal Household, Veronica's Room

Veronica sat by the window, staring out with a pained look in her eyes and there was a big black book Lying in front of her.

A butler entered, pushing a trolley of snacks and tea.

"Ma'am? Is something wrong?"

She didn't look at him.

"I want a new summon… a Virin Snake."

The butler stiffened. "W-What? But that beast lives in the deepest parts of Vinceral Forest!"

Veronica stood, her eyes fierce.

"Pack my bags. I'm going. I need to prove myself… to Father. I will show him that I am the only one who deserves to sit on that throne."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137: Emilia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On Noble Street, commoners were strictly forbidden—unless they were servants or merchants with business. This street was the pride of the kingdom, cleaner than any other, lined with immaculate marble tiles and perfumed flowerbeds.

All the noble families above three-star status lived on Noble Street, and this street was cleaner than the other streets.

At the start of Noble Street, there were two huge iron gates protected by two knights in shining armor.

'Well, well... Talk about discrimination. These guys have built a whole fucking area only for themselves in the middle of the kingdom,' Leon thought as he walked up to the huge iron gates.

"Commoners aren't allowed in this area. Return at once," both of the knights spoke as they immediately stood up from their chairs and looked at Leon with serious expressions.

"I am here to visit the Weaver Household. Sir Justin Weaver has appointed me as his personal butler," Leon spoke with a confident expression as he looked at the guard with a neutral face.

One of the knights turned to look at his partner.

[Warning: You are under the skill {Truth's Judgement}.]

'Truth's Judgement? Is he using some kind of lie-detecting skill on me?' Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Let him through," the other knight spoke with a neutral expression.

"Very well," his partner said as he opened the gates and let Leon through.

'An interesting skill. I should make one of those—' As Leon was thinking that, an idea came to his mind.

'Why haven't I made this skill until now?' Leon thought as he immediately used his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Mimic."

[Skill 'Mimic' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A skill that can only copy the non-damage-dealing skills of a target in sight and convert it into an 'F-ranked' skill.

Only a single skill can be copied at once inside the copy slot. The mana consumption to mimic and store a skill is very high, and the copied skill can only be stored inside the copy slot for 24 hours.

The skill can be leveled up, and as it levels up, one copy slot will be added," Leon spoke with a smile as he continued to walk forward.

[Processing...]

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"Oh, well... I knew that was bound to happen. Glitch Point," Leon spoke in a low voice as he immediately activated his skill.

<Glitch Point>

As soon as the skill was activated, two big red marks appeared over the screen, highlighting two sentence.

'24 Hours' and 'The skill can be leveled up.'

'I can take care of the time, but level up... If this skill doesn't level up, then... I will only be able to copy one skill and... If I think about it, it's better than nothing,' Leon thought in his mind.

"Okay... The skill can be stored for up to 12 hours."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"Fuck... 11 hours."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"10 hours."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"9 hours."

[Error: Skill's description doesn't match the Rank. Please try again...]

"8 hours."

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Mimic}.]

"Copy," Leon spoke with a smile.

[Chant 'Copy' has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated: 900 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated: 10 minutes after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

'Oh my god... Such a low cooldown. Fuck, I am in luck,' Leon thought with an excited expression.

"Learn it," He replied with a smirk.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Mimic}.]

Suddenly, Leon noticed a butler walking towards him with a bag full of groceries in his hand.

'Here comes the first test subject.' He thought in his mind as a smirk spread across his face.

"Copy..." Leon spoke in a low tone as he looked at the butler.

<Mimic>

[Copying Skill...]

[1%... 33%... 100%]

[Successfully copied the skill {Swap}]

[Name: Swap]

[Rank: C(F)]

[Description: Can exchange the positions of two objects—one you hold in your hand and the other you select as the target.

Only objects with almost the same weight can be exchanged.]

As soon as Leon read the skill's description, his eyes widened in shock.

'Fucking hell... Now that's one overpowered skill. I should take a good look at this butler if I want to copy this skill agai—' As soon as he turned around to look at the butler once more, Leon noticed that he was already gone.

"Where the fuck did he go?" He murmured with a confused expression.

Leon then turned around and started walking forward once again.

'I should save this skill in order to use it at a useful time,' He thought in his mind as his steps came to a halt in front of a huge white-colored mansion.

In front of the house, there was a nameplate made out of pure gold that said, 'Weaver Mansion.'

"Weaver Household," Leon spoke in a low voice as he started walking toward the mansion.

As Leon walked inside, he noticed a huge garden covering the front of the house.

There were many flowers in the garden, magical and ordinary ones.

As he continued to walk towards the main gate of the mansion, Leon noticed one more guard sitting there.

He was very muscular and wore a purple coloured dress, that had a 'W' imprinted on it's top left corner.

'Don't tell me the weaver Household has their own uniforms.' Leon thought in his mind.

"What do you want, Kid ?" The guard asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

Without any delays, Leon used his skill on him.

<Inspect>

[Name: Romas]

[Class: Swordsman]

[HP: 900/900]

[MP: 450/450]

[Description: Romas was an orphan when the leader of the weaver household adopted him from the streets and made him the guard of his house.

Romas is very grateful to the Weaver household and he can sacrifice his life happily for them.]

"Sir Justin called me to appoint as his butler." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Hm...? I thought, you were supposed to come tomorrow ?" The guard asked with a confused expression.

"My work finished early." Leon replied with a straight face.

"Very well... Let me inform, master Justin. You wait here." The guard spoke as he opened the gate and entered inside the house.

"Yes." Leon replied with a neutral expression and waited there.

...

2 minutes passed in silence and Suddenly the gates opened once again.

Romas exited from the mansion and looked at Leon with a neutral expression.

"Go from the backside of the house and you will see Merry there, she is Master Justin's personal maid." Romas explained.

"Ah... Thanks." Leon spoke as he immediately started walking towards the backside of the house.

As Leon passed through the garden, his eyes locked onto a woman crouched among the flowers.

Her tits were massive, barely restrained by the tight fabric of her dress, and her body oozed sex with every curve. She was squatting low, and the way her thick ass pressed up against that tight red gown made his mouth go dry.

The fabric clung to her like a second skin, hugging every inch of those plump, shameless cheeks, begging to be touched and her long black hairs trying to cover them.

"Well, Well... Who is this beauty ?" Leon thought with a confused expression as he immediately used his skill on her.

<Inspect>

[Name: Emilia Weaver]

[Class: Housewife]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 400/400]

[MP: 200/200]

[Description: Emilia is the first wife of Jamie Weaver, a seven star noble and she has one son. But, due to no contact with her son or her husband for the last one year. She spends most of her time in the gardens of the house admiring flowers.]

"A MILF with that body and she is lonely for one year ? Hah... What can be an easier target than her." Leon thought with a smile as he immediately walked upto her with a plan in his mind.

"Rover flowers give off really sweet scent but as soon as they are touched, they close up." Leon spoke with a smile as he read this information from the flower's description.

"Hmm...? Who are you ?" Emilia asked as she turned around to look at Leon with a confused expression.

She had fluffy cheeks, kind eyes, juicy lips and a very cute face.

'I want to fuck her so bad.' Leon thought as he noticed her deep cleavage.

"I am sir Justin's new butler, Ma'am." Leon spoke as he bowed down deeply to Emilia but only to look inside her cleavage from a closer angle.

"Ah... I see. So, you are my brother-in-law's new butler. Are you also intrested in flowers ?" Emilia asked with a smile as she stood up from the ground.

"Yes, Ma'am."

'Fuck flowers... I am interested in your boobs and that thick ass.' Leon thought in his mind.

"Are you the new butler ?" Suddenly, another voice came from the other side.

As soon as Leon turned to the side, he noticed another MILF standing there in a maid's uniform.

'Haah... Another MILF.' Leon thought with a perverted smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138: A Spy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are you the new butler?"

Leon turned toward the voice—and what he saw made his dick hard in an Instant.

Standing there was a full-blown MILF in her thirties, oozing sex appeal from every inch of her curvy body.

Long, silky blonde hair framed a flawless face—gorgeous emerald eyes that sparkled with authority, plump, juicy lips, and smooth, porcelain skin.

But her face? That was nothing compared to her body.

Her body was something out of the world. Her massive tits strained against the tight black blouse, threatening to burst free with every breath she took.

And her ass was even bigger than Elaine's ass, her juicy cheeks were near tearing her uniform apart from behind, the fabric stretched tight over those luscious curves like it was holding on for dear life. She was so hot that Leon eye-fucked her several times in just a single second.

"Excuse me? I asked you something," the maid said sharply, her piercing gaze locking onto Leon's face.

Leon blinked, snapping out of the haze of fantasies clouding his mind. "Y-Yes, I'm the new butler," he replied quickly, then silently activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Kelma Stinson]

[Class: Housewife]

[Race: Elf]

[Level: 60]

[HP: 60000/60000]

[MP: 30000/30000]

[Description: Kelma is an Elf spy, operating under the alias Reina.

She has served in the Weaver household as a maid for the past three years, using her position to leak classified intelligence to her homeland. The Weaver family's involvement in Borders to Royal Palace information exchange makes her placement here highly strategic.]

'Holy fucking shit…' Leon's eyes narrowed slightly, though his expression remained calm. 'This just got very interesting.'

Reina's tone remained cold, her voice laced with attitude. "May I ask why you were engaging in such a casual conversation with Madam Emilia instead of meeting with your superior ?"

'Damn… This bitch has a really big attitude for a spy,' Leon mused.

'And how the hell is she pulling this off as a "housewife Class" ? Her ears are clean—no cuts. Illusion magic, maybe? Or a high-grade artifact hiding her real identity ?' He thought with a confused expression.

Emilia smiled lightly, breaking the tension. "We were just talking about the flowers, Reina. No need to give him such a hard time—it's his first day."

Reina bowed slightly. "My apologies, Madam. But he should understand the importance of punctuality."

Leon raised his hand slowly, pressing his fingers firmly into the side of his neck.

*Crack*

His gaze locked on Reina's back, a dark grin tugging at the corner of his lips.

'Breaking her... will be fun,' he thought, his eyes glinting with twisted amusement.

"Follow me. I'll show you your tasks, and your uniform will be ready by tomorrow," Reina said without even glancing back.

"Yes, ma'am," Leon replied smoothly, falling into step behind her.

Her hips swayed with deliberate grace, each step sending waves through that perfectly rounded ass—tight, full, and jiggling with restrained violence beneath her skirt. The silky friction of her panties brushing against her thighs teased his ears like a lover's whisper.

Leon's lips curled slightly.

'I'll have to be careful with her. I need more information about her — and I need to find out her weakness.'

Leon kept his expression neutral as he walked beside Reina, stepping into the mansion through the back door.

'Sure, I could try to blackmail her into sleeping with me… but she's strong. I'm not exactly in a rush to get killed by a so-called housewife class elf.'

The corridor they entered was wide and pristine, lined with gleaming marble floors and grand portraits of Weaver family ancestors. The air carried a faint scent of expensive incense.

A maid passed by, bowing her head with practiced grace. "Head Maid," she said respectfully, continuing on without pause.

Leon blinked.

'Head maid? Wait… Justin's private maid is also the head maid? Or… is she someone else ?' He thought with a confused expression.

He raised an eyebrow and asked casually, "Excuse me? Aren't you Sir Justin's private maid?"

"I am," Reina replied without looking back, her voice even.

"Then… why did she call you—"

"The head maid died. I had to take over the position," she interrupted, her tone clipped. "But I won't be Sir Justin's personal maid anymore. That position is yours now—his personal butler."

Leon's thoughts sharpened.

'Well, isn't that a silver lining for you… head maid, keys to everything. And these nobles still claim to be five-star elites? Pathetic.

They can't even sniff out a spy under their own roof.' Leon thought with a disappointed expression.

Another maid passed and bowed. "Head Maid," she said, before hurrying on.

'Should I just expose her? No… too reckless. If she's survived here three years, she's got a backup plan for getting caught. But then… how the hell is she sending information back to the Elf Kingdom?'

He frowned slightly. 'The Head Maid isn't allowed to leave the mansion—not even for a second. Then how—'

His train of thought derailed as a young servant appeared at the far end of the corridor, walking toward them. He was around Leon's age, slim, sharp-featured—handsome in a delicate way.

The servant's eyes fluttered rapidly as he looked at Reina, sending some kind of silent signal. But the moment he noticed Leon watching, he immediately dropped his gaze and bowed.

"H-Head M-Maid," the servant stammered slightly.

Reina gave him a subtle nod and continued walking.

Leon's eyes narrowed. 'That's- Wait…'

Without hesitation, he activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Rubin Stinson]

[Class: Magi]

[Race: Elf]

[Level: 10]

[HP: 10000/10000]

[MP: 5000/5000]

[Description: Rubin Stinson, younger brother of Kelma Stinson. A skilled Magi specializing in illusion and voodoo magic.

He has worked in the Weaver household for five years. After struggling to gather information alone, Rubin brought in his sister, Kelma. He personally poisoned the previous Head Maid to place her in the position. Most of the intelligence Kelma gathers is funneled through Rubin each day to the Elf Kingdom.]

Leon grinned widely. "I'm in some serious luck."

Reina turned to glance at him, puzzled. "What?"

"Huh? Oh—nothing. Just talking to myself," Leon said, regaining composure.

"This won't work inside the house," Reina said firmly. "You'll stay quiet and do as you're told."

Leon's grin didn't fade.

'Oh, we'll see about that. Let's find out who ends up giving the orders in this house. I will turn you into my sex slave, bitch.' Leon thought as an evil plan started to build up in his head.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139: The Insurance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon and Reina stood silently in front of a large, ornate door.

"So," Reina began, glancing at him with her usual cold expression, "do you understand everything expected of you throughout the day when serving Master Justin ?"

"Yes, ma'am," Leon replied, offering her a fake smile.

"Good." She handed him a polished silver plate covered with a lid. "He's waiting for you inside. This is his afternoon meal. Go and serve."

Leon gave a short nod, opened the door, and stepped inside, carefully closing it behind him.

"Hello, sir," he said, holding the plate. "I've brought your food."

Reina, without another word, turned around and walked away.

---

Inside the room...

Justin looked up from the bed, startled. The book he was reading slipped from his hands.

"Leon," he said with a serious look in his eyes.

"Justin," Leon greeted him casually, placing the food on a nearby table before taking a seat in front of it.

"How are you doing?"

Justin hesitated for a moment, then asked, "How did your duel go at the academy?"

Leon raised a brow and smirked. "So, you did a little digging on me, huh?"

"I-I have to be careful about who I work with," Justin said quickly. "You're not angry, right?"

"Angry? No," Leon replied smoothly. "I don't want to work with idiots either." He picked up the utensils and began cutting into the steak.

"But I am a little sad." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as stabbed the fork into the steak.

Justin tilted his head. "Sad? Is something wrong with the food?"

Leon smiled faintly, placing a bite into his mouth. "No… I'm just sad you guys are five star Nobles, you deal with crucial information exchange and don't realize there are elf spies in your house that are supplying information from your house."

Justin froze.

"W-What!?" he shouted, his eyes widened in shock.

"Don't—" Leon started, but his voice cut off as a glowing notification flashed in front of his eyes.

---

[Warning: You have been poisoned with 'Blue Bain'. Mana flow will be disturbed. Spells may not cast correctly for the next 48 hours.]

<Adaptive Body>

[Adjusting mana flow...]

[Adapting to Blue Bain poison...]

[Successfully Adapted to the poison.]

[Congratulations ! You have successfully learned the skill {Poison Resistance}]

Leon only readed the first notification and ignored the others.

---

He immediately spat the half-chewed steak onto the plate. "Hwak… thua."

Justin stepped forward, visibly panicking. "W-What are you talking about, Mr. Leon? A spy? In this house ?"

Leon wiped his mouth with a napkin and looked at him dead-on. "How often are you eating this ?"

"What...? I-I eat it daily. It's my usual—"

"When you try to cast a skill," Leon interrupted, "does your mana feel... unstable? Do the spells come out wrong like really unstable ?"

Justin's eyes widened. "Y-Yes! That's exactly what I've been saying to the Royal Physician! But... how do you...?"

He trailed off, confused, frightened.

Justin stumbled backward, visibly shaken. "M-Mr. Leon... I-I don't understand… Please, explain to me what's happening."

Leon's smile returned, slow and predatory as he understood everything that was going on.

"Oh, I'll explain everything," he said, voice low.

"You're being used like a pawn by your maid, Reina," Leon said with a calm smile as he looked at Justin.

"W-What? Reina?" Justin asked, his face a mix of confusion and shock.

"She's an elf spy. And you're being poisoned with a herb called Blue Bain. It causes your mana to go unstable—you won't be able to cast spells properly for the next 48 hours."

Leon leaned forward slightly. "She's doing it to keep you from getting into Velthorne Academy. If you got selected, you'd have to move into the dorms… and she'd have no excuse to stay here in the house and that would fail her mission to collect information."

He continued, "But since you were admitted to Phoenix Academy—"

"I stayed home… and she stayed with me," Justin muttered, the realization hitting him hard.

"Exactly," Leon nodded. "She's been gathering information and passing it to her little brother. He's been feeding it to the Elf Kingdom."

"If the Royal Palace finds out your family is responsible for the loss of so many soldiers in the war… they'll crush you. Your noble status could be stripped in an instant." Leon spoke with a serious and dark expression as he looked at Justin.

"I-I have to tell my father! That bitch ruined my life! I'll kill her and her brother with my own hands!" Justin roared, fury overtaking his expression as he turned to storm out.

"Open that door," Leon said casually, "and this information will be in the Royal Palace before you even take a step."

"W-What?!" Justin stopped dead in his tracks, turning back with wide eyes.

"B-But… you're on my side, right?" he asked, his voice trembling.

"I am," Leon said with a smirk. "That's why I'll handle this myself. I'll turn her into my little sex doll. As for her brother—you can do whatever you want with him."

"B-But… I want my revenge, Sir Leon. She destroyed everything! I could've been a great mage at Velthorne. I could've made my father proud..." Tears welled in Justin's eyes.

Leon walked toward the table. "She was serving you the food, but I suspect her brother was the one who laced it with Blue Bain."

He narrowed his eyes. "I still need to confirm everything. If you lash out in rage now, you'll ruin everything. And I don't like anyone messing with my plans."

Leon's voice dropped. "You need to understand—we're holding information that could bring your entire five-star noble family to ruin."

He paused, then said calmly, "I'll take care of this. From now on, don't eat anything Reina prepares. I'll bring you an antidote tomorrow. Start training your magic again."

Leon turned to leave. "And say nothing about Reina to anyone. Unless you want to see your family on the streets."

Justin stood straight, nodding. "Mr. Leon… from this moment on, you're my friend. I trust you more than anyone now. Please save my family"

'And you're my insurance,' Leon thought with a smile. 'If I'm going to blackmail them, I need someone else to know the truth. You'll be my ticket out if things go wrong.'

"I'll be off now," Leon said, heading for the door. "There's someone I need to find."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140: Adeline
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon exited Justin's room, he began wandering through the house, searching for any other possible Elf spies.

He passed by several maids and male servants, all of whom quietly bowed their heads to leon. They clearly recognized him as Justin's personal butler.

'Hmmm… news travels really fast among the maids in this house,' Leon thought as he continued to inspect them back to back.

...

While moving through the corridors, Leon felt a faint presence. Someone was watching him.

He turned slowly and spotted a maid peeking at him from behind a large pillar, her eyes cautious and alert.

'Hmm...? What's her deal?' Leon wondered, narrowing his eyes before activating a skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Adeline]

[Class: Alchemist]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 700/700]

[MP: 350/350]

[Description: Adeline has served as a maid in the Weaver household for six years. A skilled alchemist, she's being blackmailed by Reina and her brother, who threaten her younger brother to force her into making various potions in a secret chamber beneath the house.]

'Every time I think this place can't surprise me anymore… someone else shows up with a twisted description,' Leon mused, his expression neutral as he raised a hand, gesturing for the maid to approach.

Instead, she ducked back behind the pillar. Hiding herself from him.

"The fuck…" Leon muttered under his breath and casually walked over to her.

She had black hair, dark eyes, soft pink lips, and a beautiful face. Her chest was modest, and her figure wasn't especially curvy, but her ass was touchable.

"D-Don't come closer… please," she stammered, taking a step back.

"You've been following me for the past fifteen minutes. Why?" Leon asked, raising a brow.

"Jurelom," she said, her eyes fixed on him as her hand went back.

"Huh? What does that mean?" Leon asked, visibly puzzled.

"N-Nothing… I'm sorry," she muttered and turned to walk away.

"I know about them," Leon said calmly. Adeline froze mid-step.

"H-Huh…?" she turned, her face pale with fear as she looked at Leon.

"The Head Maid, Reina, and her brother. They're using your little brother to blackmail you, aren't they?" Leon asked with a calm smile as he looked at Adeline.

"…Not here. Follow me," Adeline said, her voice firm as she turned and walked off.

Leon followed her silently.

They exited through the backdoor and made their way to an old storeroom in the mansion's backyard. It looked abandoned—no one had entered in years.

Inside, Leon spotted a staircase leading downward.

*Puk*

Adeline uncorked a fire potion and poured it into a small hole in the left wall. Torches mounted along the staircase ignited one by one, casting a flickering glow as they descended.

After walking for about 5 minutes, both of them reached at the base of the basement.

At the base, the scent of chemicals filled the air. Hidden behind old furniture was a concealed alchemy lab.

Leon knew it just from the scents but he didn't speak anything about it.

"How do you know about them?" Adeline asked, her tone sharp as she pulled a dagger from her dress and pressed it against Leon's throat.

Leon didn't flinch. "Well, aren't you a fierce one?" he said with a smirk.

"Don't joke. This dagger's tip is coated with a deadly poison, blood will come out of all the holes in your body and you will be dead before you can say the word 'Help'," she warned him with a serious expression.

Leon's eyes turned cold immediately and he immediately activated his skills. "Loose Grip. Blind Spot."

<Loose Grip>

<Blind Spot>

The dagger slipped from her fingers and clattered to the ground.

"What the—" she gasped, only to realize that Leon had vanished from her eyes.

Suddenly, two arms wrapped around her from behind, restraining her arms tightly.

"You're full of anger, huh? Looks like you're still a virgin," Leon whispered, brushing his nose against her ear, slowly sniffing her scent.

"H-How did you do that?" Adeline asked, struggling but unable to break free.

"Now… What kind of potions are they blackmailing you into brewing ?" Leon asked, still smiling.

"I-I can't tell you… They'll kill my brother if—"

"That word you said earlier… what does it mean ?" Leon interrupted.

"It means 'Long live the Elven Kingdom.' It's a code phrase. They use it to identify one another," she replied with a serious expression.

"How do you know that?" Leon asked, tightening his grip slightly.

"S-Something is poking me down there…" Adeline muttered, her face turning red.

'Well... I am interrogating a maid while getting dick massaged by her ass cheeks. Isn't that convenient ?' Leon thought with a perverted smile.

"Don't worry about that. That's just my dick. Now answer the question," Leon said without shame.

"I overheard them using it when they exchanged information," she said with an embarrassed expression.

"Then why did you say it to me?" he asked.

"I-I was testing you… To see if you were another spy Reina brought in."

"And that dagger… you were going to kill me if I was, right? That's why you pulled your hand back." Leon asked with a smirk.

"Yes. I've had enough of their threats. I've been serving this family for years. They were kind to me. I can't stand by anymore," she said with a serious expression.

"So, what was your plan? Kill me and then what?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I would've taken your body to the family head. Told him everything about Reina and her brother," she answered firmly.

"And your brother ?" Leon asked.

Adeline's voice cracked. "I-I can't stay quiet and let more soldiers die on the border… Not just for my brother's life…"

Tears began falling onto Leon's hands as she broke down.

"…Hah." Leon let her go, and she collapsed to her knees, sobbing loudly.

*SOB-SOB*

"Those bastards… They've made my life a living hell ever since he showed up…"

"What if I told you," Leon said, crouching beside her with an evil smile, "you could get revenge… and save your brother?"

Adeline's eyes widened as she looked up at him, hope and disbelief battling in her expression. "Huh…?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141: Moonrush Aphrodisiac
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"W-What do you mean by that?" Adeline asked in disbelief as she looked at Leon.

"I mean what I said. You can take your revenge on her and get your brother back—without getting him killed," Leon replied with a smile.

"H-How?" Adeline asked with a serious expression, as she immediately grabbing Leon's shoulders tightly.

"Well... in order to tell you that, I'll need some information first. Like, what type of potion are they telling you to make for them?" Leon asked, his expression neutral.

"It's a transformation potion... T-They tell me to make it using some unknown herb they get every month from some trader.

It helps them maintain their ears and human-like aura. So that, no one can sense it and identify—"

"It's a fucking potion," Leon cut in, his eyes widening. "Artifacts and illusion magic can be revealed easily to mages and even swordsmen.

That's why they haven't been caught even in a five star noble household—because they're using potions to keep their appearance human-like.

Potions aren't that easy to detect... They are fucking intelligent." He spoke with a shocked expression as the realization hit him.

"H-How can I save my brother? Please tell me now," Adeline asked, her voice desperate as she looked into Leon's eyes.

"Where are they holding your brother? Do you know?" Leon asked with a puzzled look.

"I-I don't know... but she says that with just a signal, she can get him killed at any moment, so I thought they are keeping him here in this mansion but I never found him... I checked every single room of this mansion." Adeline replied, visibly shaken.

'He has to be inside this mansion if she is threatening to make that big of a statement. I will make a skill and find him but first, I need to get all the information, I can get from her.' Leon thought in his mind.

"Don't worry. I'll find your brother. Can you show me where you make the transformation potion for them?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Y-Yes... Come," Adeline said, quickly moving an old chair aside and ducking under a hidden section of the room.

Leon followed her, stepping into a concealed space. His eyes scanned the alchemy setup on a big wooden table—glass flasks filled with differently colored liquids burned over candle flames, and various herbs lay scattered across the surface. Vials of pure mana were set to one side, along with several empty ones.

"This is the potion that they use to transform," Adeline said, holding up a green-colored vial.

Without wasting any time, Leon activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Transformation Potion]

[Rank: Rare]

[Type: Consumable]

[Description: When used, this potion will transform the consumer's face and body into whoever they want for the next 3 hours.

This potion is made out of a very rare herb, 'Alcovi's Roots,' mainly found in the depths of the Elven Forests.]

"How many of these do you make every day?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Adeline.

"About ten vials... every day." Adeline replied.

'If both of them take five potions each... that means they can only maintain their human form for 15 hours.

Meaning they sleep in their elf form... that's interesting information,' Leon thought to himself.

"So, tell me something... What would happen if you added aphrodisiac to this potion? It wouldn't affect the transformation properties, right?" Leon asked as he looked at Adeline with a serious expression.

"I-I don't think there would be any visible effects on the transformation itself...

But the sexual drive of a male elf is almost zero, so it won't affect her brother.

But a female elf's sex drive—it's really weak on the outside, but inside... it's really strong.

If you gave her aphrodisiac, it could turn her into—"

"A needy, sex-craving bitch?" Leon finished with a perverted smile.

"Y-You could say that, and— wait, are you planning to have sex with her?" Adeline asked, confused.

"That's the plan... I read somewhere that female elves can get addicted to sex really easily.

And I'm not going to give her normal sex... I'll give her something she won't be able to handle—and definitely won't be able to live without.

She will become my obedient sex slave immediately as I swing my dic-"

"I-I-I understand... Don't tell me the details." Adeline spoke with a red embarrassed face.

"Here, add this aphrodisiac to her potions." Leon spoke as he pulled out a vile filled with a pink liquid in it.

"No, no... that aphrodisiac is for human females. I have something that will help you even more," Adeline said, walking over to an old almirah and opening it.

*Creeeak...*

As the old cabinet opened, Leon spotted dozens of herbs inside—some he recognized from the book pictures, most he didn't.

"This will be the most effective..." Adeline muttered as she pulled out a very small vial of purple-colored liquid. The amount inside barely looked like one or two drops.

Leon immediately used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Moonrush Aphrodisiac]

[Rank: Mythical]

[Type: Consumable]

[Description: Moonrush Aphrodisiac is one of the most powerful lust-inducing substances ever recorded. Even a single whiff of its fumes is said to drive a dragon mad with desire.

It's made from Moonrush flowers,...]

"Holy fucking shit... where did you get that?" Leon asked with a serious and shocked expression.

"What? Oh, this... I made it," Adeline said casually.

"How the fuck can you make this? Doesn't it need Redleaf Plant extract and the sweat of a succubus?" Leon asked.

"No... it needs moonflower as well," Adeline replied with a straight face.

"How did you get them? These materials aren't easy to find, Redleaf Plant is an extinct plant." Leon said, staring at her.

"Oh... from the black market," she replied casually.

"What !? How do you know about the black market?" Leon asked, now seriously curious.

"Every good alchemist knows about the black market," Adeline replied with a smile.

"Where is it? Can you tell me?" Leon asked.

"I can't," Adeline said, her expression flat.

"Why not?" he asked, narrowing his eyes.

"Because no one knows where it really is. In order to get to the black market, you need magical transportation sand.

You throw the sand on the ground, and you're taken there." She pulled out a very small pouch of black sand from the cabinet and tossed it towards Leon. "Here. Take it as a gift... for saving my brother."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142: Bluff
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Drop*

Adeline carefully dropped a single droplet of the Moonrush Aphrodisiac into the transformation potion and it dissolved immediately without leaving any colour changes.

"Okay... I added the Moonrush Aphrodisiac to the potion. Now, her brother won't feel anything from this, but Reina will become... that thing." Adeline spoke with an embarrassed expression.

"You're very shy, huh? What is wrong with saying, 'Sex craving bitch' ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I'm just not that perverted... Now, how will you find my brother ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

Suddenly Leon turned to look at his right, staring into the empty space.

"What ? What happened ? Is something wrong ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression.

"I'll take care of it... Do you have something that belongs to him ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Something that belongs to him? I have this... It's his pendant. Reina gave it to me as proof that she has him," Adeline said, her expression neutral as she handed over the pendant.

The pendant was made out a very slim iron chain and in the middle there was a green stone.

"Hmm... Okay, this will do." Leon examined the green pendant for a moment, then slipped it into his pocket.

"I'll find your brother. Don't worry," he said, his expressions neutral as he started walking toward the staircase.

Suddenly, he paused and turned back.

"When will she come to collect these transformation potions ?" Leon asked as he looked at Adeline.

"Oh... in about an hour. This is her usual time to collect them." Adeline replied.

"Good, give them to her and don't get hesitated and reveal the secret," Leon spoke as he continued up the stairs.

"Wait... I still don't know your name," Adeline called out.

"Leon. Leon Luster," he replied, not looking back.

"Leon Luster..." Adeline whispered, her cheeks flushing red as she placed her hand over her chest.

---

As soon as Leon exited the storeroom, he carefully looked around. Once he confirmed no one was nearby, he quietly returned inside the house.

At that moment, a small figure appeared near his legs.

A black furry cat—it was none other than Dusk.

"Dusk, did you find him?" Leon asked with a grin as he turned to look at dusk.

"Yes, Master," Dusk replied, sitting down neatly on the floor.

'Dusk was with me this whole time, using his cloaking skill to stay invisible.

He was also the one who told me to get something that belonged to Adeline's brother so he could track his mana.

He sniffed the mana that pendant was soaked in for years and followed the trail through the house.

It didn't even take him a full minute to find her brother.

But... I'm not going to save him just yet.

I still want to use Adeline a bit more—and if she gets her brother back too soon, there's a chance she'll blab Kelma's secret to someone.' Leon thought with a smirk.

"Where is he?" Leon asked.

"First floor. Third room from the right.

He's unconscious—tied up with ropes inside the lower shelf, Master," Dusk said with a smile.

"You found him fast, huh?" Leon chuckled.

"It was nothing, Master. I just followed his mana scent.

Also, that room stinks of liquor, not the usual scent but so much liquor, Master." Dusk replied, his nose wrinkling slightly.

'Liquor... huh?' Leon thought with a puzzled look but he didn't think much about it for now.

"Master, the sun will go down soon. Shouldn't we start heading back to the house ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"I'm staying here tonight, Dusk. You'll go back and look after Elaine and Selene.

Keep them safe and alert me if anything suspicious happens." Leon instructed with a serious expression as he patted over Dusk's head.

"As you command, Master. I'll protect your family with my life," Dusk replied as he bowed to him and vanished again into the shadows.

"Well, all I have to do now is wait and the best place to do that is Justin's room." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately headed toward Justin's room.

---

Inside Justin's room...

As soon as Leon walked in, Justin approached him with a serious expression.

"Sir Leon... What happened? Is she dead?" he asked with a hopeful expression.

"What? Why would she be dead?" Leon raised an eyebrow.

"I-I thought you said you'd deal with her," Justin said, confused.

"Yeah, I'll deal with her tonight. Don't worry, kid.

Just get ready to become the head of your family," Leon replied with a grin.

"Sir Leon... I want to kiss your hands. You're such a good friend. I'll never be able to repay this debt," Justin said, beaming.

"Don't worry about it and never kiss my hands. I'm gonna rest until sundown. Go do whatever you want," Leon said as he walked over to Justin's bed and laid down.

"I'll just read a book..." Justin said, pulling a thick volume from the shelf.

"Hey, Justin... Where's your mother?" Leon asked, glancing over.

"My mother? She went on a demonic wolf hunt with my father.

The church asked my father to do it as a favor, and my mom always follows him everywhere," Justin explained.

"Ah... I see." Leon nodded.

"Should I arrange a carriage for you to go to the academy tomorrow?" Justin asked.

"A butler riding a carriage alone would look suspicious," Leon replied flatly.

"Then shall I accompany you?" Justin offered.

"No. I'll handle my transportation. Don't worry about it," Leon answered.

"Okay," Justin said as he went back to his reading.

'I'll deal with that bitch tonight. Her brother shouldn't be much trouble—he's still low-leveled but I have to be really cautious with him.

I might need that skill tonight. Should I make it now ?' Leon thought for a moment, then activated his ability.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Bluff."

[Skill 'Bluff' has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to 'F' by default.]

[State the use of the skill.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143: Lust Bite
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Bluff."

[Skill ’Bluff’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A passive skill that activates automatically when the user starts to bluff. This skill will make the user’s lies sound better than truth, and the more the target begins to fear or panic, the stronger the skill’s effect becomes."

[Processing...]

’Now this is a real F-rank skill. Useless in the system’s eyes because it can’t deal any damage or affect the material world at all. Just a speaking skill. So, it should get accepted easi—’

[Description has been accepted.]

’Yep...’ Leon smirked as he read the notification.

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill: 20 mana/use.]

[Cooldown: 15 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it..." Leon muttered with a smile.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Bluff} successfully!]

’I’ve got about two more hours. That means I can create two more skills before I meet my new sex doll. And I already have both of those skills in mind. These are going to be some really naughty ones,’ Leon thought, a perverted grin stretching across his face as he stood from the bed and looked at Justin.

"So, Justin... tell me about your third brother. We didn’t have much time to talk about him that day," Leon said, turning to him.

"Hmm... my third brother? I mean, he’s a stupid drunk... but if you want to know, I’ll tell you," Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"At first, Trinti wasn’t that bad. Sure, he wasn’t good at magic or with books, but he wasn’t a drunk either.

Exactly five years ago, he came home completely drunk, like very drunk. He had raped two innocent girls. Our father found out and wanted to throw him out instantly. But our mother... she loved him too much.

She begged Father and saved him. She handled the families of the victims and started giving Trinti some side money.

He stopped coming home after that and now spends most of his time and money in brothels and bars. That’s his story. I don’t think I’m missing anything." Justin explained.

"Does he have a butler named Rubin? Around our age?" Leon asked, his tone casual, but his smile sharp.

"Yeah, I don’t know his name, but he was the youngest butler we had at the time. I remember him."

’So that’s why Adeline’s brother was kept in that room. Normal maids aren’t allowed inside the personal quarters of the Weaver family. Rubin knew that—he used it. That guy... I need to be cautious. He may be low-leveled, but his mind works on a different level.

Looks like Reina is just a doll dancing on Rubin’s strings. I can only hope she loves him more than her life... because the bluff I’m about to make tonight will depend on him, too,’ Leon mused, his eyes still on Justin.

"Can I help you with anything else, Sir Leon?" Justin asked, looking slightly confused.

"No. I think I have more than enough information on your second and third brothers for now," Leon replied, walking toward the bookshelf. He pulled out a book, took a seat beside Justin, and began flipping through the pages.

"How much does your first brother love his wife?" Leon asked, barely glancing up as he scanned the text.

"I don’t know. Honestly, I’ve never seen them together unless it’s a family event. They don’t talk much," Justin replied.

"I see." Leon kept reading.

Within five minutes, he had finished the entire book. Justin, in contrast, had managed to read only about twelve pages.

"Okay... I’m sleeping. Wake me in about 40 minutes," Leon instructed, getting up and heading for the bed.

"Yes, of course," Justin said, returning to his own reading.

---

38 Minutes Later...

"...on, eon... Sir Leon?"

Blink-blink.

"Huh...?" Leon opened his eyes and saw Justin standing beside him.

"It’s been about 40 minutes. You said to wake you up, right?" Justin asked with a neutral expression.

"Yes..." Leon muttered, sitting up and immediately trying to use his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Cooldown: 9:04 minutes remaining.]

’There is still time.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"I’m hungry. Where do you eat dinner?" Leon asked, feigning confusion.

"In our room. Reina used to bring mine, since she was my maid and—"

"Yeah, yeah, I get it," Leon cut him off, as he stood up from the bed and exited the room.

He began heading toward the kitchen when a voice stopped him.

"Aren’t you going home, Mr. Leon?"

"Hmm...?" Leon turned to find Reina standing behind him, her expression emotionless.

"I will, after serving dinner to Sir Justin," he answered with a fake smile.

"That’s a very good attitude you have. Keep working like that," Reina replied, walking past him.

*Sniff*

’Haa... the smell of her perfume. I can’t wait to fuck this bitch and turn her into my onahole,’ Leon thought, grinning as his eyes locked on her ass jiggling up and down rhythmically with each step.

---

Leon reached the kitchen and collected Justin’s dinner.

Then he brought it back to the room—

And ate it all himself.
freeweɓnovel.cøm

*Burrrp*

"That was some really good food," he said with a satisfied smile, looking at Justin.

"Umm... Sir Leon, I feel really hungry," Justin said, his voice soft but hopeful.

"Do you want to eat Blue Bain laced dinner ?" Leon asked, his tone suddenly serious.

"N-No, sir. I’ll wait," Justin replied quickly, returning his gaze to his book.

"Good..." Leon spoke as he activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Lust Bite."

[Skill ’Lust Bite’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"When used, this skill causes the female target to become uncontrollably aroused when the user bites her in her erotic zones and leaves bite marks that continues to make her body itch for the user," Leon spoke with a smile.

[Processing...]

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Lust Bite}.]

"Bite," Leon said firmly.

[Chant ’Bite’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost: 100 mana/use.]

[Cooldown: 2 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144: Jurelom
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the sun dipped below the horizon, a blanket of dark clouds swallowed the sky. Snow began to fall, slow and soft, painting the world in silence.

Inside Justin's room, Leon stood on the balcony, his gaze locked on the drifting flakes, his expression unreadable.

"Hah... If I were home right now," he muttered, voice low and disappointed, "Selene would be pressing her bare tits into my face, her milk leaking all over me, and Mom would be sucking my cock like some obedient little slut with her mouth-pussy."

*Sigh*

With a sigh, he turned and stepped back into the warm room, his eyes landing on Justin—still curled under the lamplight, his nose buried in a book.

"Why do you keep reading books all the time?" Leon asked, puzzled.

"Because I can't do anything else, Sir Leon," Justin replied calmly, his eyes never leaving the page.

"You really need to fuck some girls." Leon spoke with a disappointed expression.

"I would prefer to make that relationship with only my wife." Justin replied with a smile.

"Ugh… You're boring," Leon muttered, flopping back onto the bed with a groan.

<Skill Crafter>

[Cooldown: 5:55 minutes]

'Fucking hell… I can't even meet Adeline right now. If Reina catches me out of Justin's room, she'll start asking questions. One fuck up, and my whole plan goes to shit. Just five more minutes… I can make another skill in five more minutes and move out.'

"Oi, Justin," Leon called out suddenly. "Where's the head maid's room?"

"Umm… It's next to my mother and father's room," Justin answered.

"On the first floor, right?" Leon clarified.

"Yes, Sir."

"Got it."

Leon walked to the door, slowly eased it open, and peeked into the hallway.

The house was pitch-black. Every lamp had been extinguished. The only sound was the gentle whisper of snow outside.

*Thump. Thump.*

Suddenly, Leon heard footsteps approaching towards him.

"Shit…" Leon hissed. He shut the door quietly, turned back, and headed straight for the bed.

"What happened ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"Someone's coming. I'm hiding," he whispered, then dove beneath the bed without waiting for a reply.

*Knock. Knock.*

Justin looked up. "It's open," he said casually.

*Click*

Leon saw boots from under the bed. Maid boots.

"Sir Justin, do you need anything? Milk or water ?" came a familiar voice.

'Adeline,' Leon realized instantly, his lips curling into a subtle grin.

"What happened to Reina? Doesn't she usually check on me before sleeping ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"Head Maid isn't feeling well tonight. She asked me to come in her place and tend to your needs," Adeline answered with a smile.

'So she took the potion. Good. Time to move.' Leon thought with a perverted grin.

"I don't need anything. You can go now," Justin said, returning to his book.

"As you wish, Sir. Please call me if you need anything." She bowed and turned to leave.

*Click*

As soon the door clicked shut, Justin spoke again, "She's gone."

Leon rolled out from beneath the bed in one fluid motion and slipped out into the hallway.

He spotted her immediately—Adeline walking down the corridor, holding a lamp in her hand. He moved like a shadow behind her, closed the distance,grabbed a handful of her ass and gave it a squeeze tightly.

*Squeeze*

"Anhh~" she gasped, spinning around to find Leon smirking behind her.

"Y-You?! What are you doing here?" she whispered, startled.

"Did she take the potion?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes. Right after you left, she came. I think the previous dose wore off—her ears were growing back. She drank one in front of me and took the rest," Adeline replied with a soft smile.

"Perfect. Take me to her room." He spoke.

"…Did you find out anything about my brother ?" Adeline asked, her smile fading into concern.

"Give me a kiss on the lips, and I'll tell you where he is." Leon spoke as he joked but Adeline didn't take it as a joke.

She didn't hesitate for one second. Stepping close, she leaned in and pressed her soft, warm lips against his.

*Chuuuuu*

Leon placed his hands on her back, drawing her closer as he deepened the kiss. She didn't resist—she surrendered. Their lips tangled hungrily, and Leon sucked on her lips just like a hungry vampire filled with lust.

After a long minute, Leon finally pulled back. "Well… that was something. I was just joking, you know."

"What!?" Adeline blinked. "What do you mean 'joking'? Don't tell me you don't know where my brother is!" She asked with a shocked expression.

"No, no," Leon said, laughing. "I was joking about the kiss. Your brother's on the first floor—third room to the right, under the shelf."

"…Really?" she asked, staring at him with a wide smile.

"Yes. But before you go, you need to drop me off at Reina's room," Leon said firmly.

"Follow me. Quickly." She turned and headed toward the stairs.

"Calm down, calm down. Your brother's not going anywhere," Leon replied, grinning as he followed behind.

"I haven't seen him in years… How is he? Did you see him?" she asked, not slowing down.

"I haven't seen him myself," Leon replied simply.

They reached the first floor. Adeline stopped before the first room and looked at him seriously.

"This is her room."

Leon nodded and Adeline knocked.

*Knock-Knock*

"W-Who i-is it?" came a shaky voice from inside.

"It's Adeline. Someone's here to see you," she said calmly.

"I-I can't meet anyone right now. T-Tell them to come—"

"Jurelom," Leon spoke firmly, stepping forward.

Adeline didn't need more words. She gave him a nod, dimmed the lamp, and disappeared down the hallway.

*Click*

The door creaked open.

"H-How d-do you k-know t-that?" Reina stood in the doorway, trembling. Her face was flushed red, her purple nightgown clinging to her sweaty skin, and a slick trail of pre-cum dripped onto the floor from in between her legs.

Leon's grin widened, his eyes gleaming with wicked delight.

"Hello, my sex toy."

[Author: Mass releasing completed. I will be uploading three chapters from tomorrow. Thank you guys.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145: The Punishment- 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"H-How d-do you k-know t-that... word?" Reina stammered, her voice trembling under the aphrodisiac's burning grip.

Her face was flushed a deep, helpless red—eyes glossy with lust and confusion. Her legs quivered uncontrollably, barely able to hold her up. Her nightgown clung to her body, the fabric straining against her swollen, rock-hard nipples, while a slick stream of clear, pre-cum dripped steadily from in-between her thighs, wetting the floor in thick, sticky droplets.

*Tip-Tip*

"I-I asked you s-something, Mr. Leon… H-How do you—" But before she could finish, Leon's hand moved without hesitation. He clamped down on her left boob through the cloth, his fingers finding her erect nipple and giving it a brutal, dominating twist.

*Squeeze*

*Twist*

The effect was instant and catastrophic.

Reina's face contorted in a flash— her eyes rolling back, tongue rolled out, lips parted in a lewd, uncontrolled gasp.

A trail of drool slid down her chin as her expression melted into an Ahegao expression —shameless, broken, and utterly soaked in pre-cum.

She slammed her hands onto the doorframe, her knees collapsing inward as her spine arched back like a bow. Her pussy clenched hard—and then released. A powerful, wet squirt spray from between her legs, soaking the floor with a loud, humiliating splatter.

*SQUIRRTTTT*

"AAAHNNH—Mmmnnnfff~!" she cried out, voice high and soaked in lust—then quickly slapped her hand over her mouth, trying to muffle the obscene moan still threatening to escape.

Leon stepped forward, his voice low and dark.

"I'll be the one asking questions from now on… Get in, bitch."

He placed his hand roughly against her tits and shoved her backward as he stepped into the room, shutting the door behind him with a click.

*CLICK*

...

Inside the room…

*Thud*

"A-Anhhh~" Reina gasped as her ass-cheeks hit the ground, her legs slipping out beneath her from the slick pool of her own cum.

Her thighs trembled violently, her pussy throbbing between them like a flame she couldn't put out.

Leon stepped in, the door clicking shut behind him. His gaze raked down her body, a crooked smile curling on his lips.

"Tsk… I had a lot of plans for tonight, but look at you now. That aphrodisiac's turned you into a stupid little slut just aching for a cock, hasn't it ?" Leon asked with an evil smile as he looked at

Reina's breath hitched. Her heart pounded as she dragged herself backward on the floor, her hands fumbling behind to reach under the bed.

"D-Don't come closer... I-I'll kill you, stay back..." she said, her face flushed deep red and fingers finally closing around a small enchanted dagger.

Leon chuckled darkly, unfazed.

"Kill me? Oh my god, I'm shaking." Leon spoke with a smile as he took a step forward. "But tell me—what happens to your dear brother if you do ?"

"W-What...?" Her grip on the dagger faltered as her eyes widened in shock.

"Justin knows everything. I told him to go with the guards. They're watching your brother right now sleeping peacefully. If I give the word… he won't even have time to scream." Leon lied as his skill got activated immediately.

<Bluff>

Reina's eyes widened. "N-No... Y-You can't..." she whispered, panic overtaking her.

Leon turned toward the door, reaching for the handle.

"They're waiting for my signal. Maybe I should give it now." He spoke with a smile.

"No! Please!" Reina cried out, the dagger slipping from her trembling fingers. "I-I'll do whatever you say… please, don't hurt him."

'Well... Looks like she really loves her brother after all.'

Leon slowly turned back, his eyes gleaming.

"Then get on the bed."

"Y-Yes… but my—"

"Get on the bed, bitch." His voice cut her off, cold and commanding.

Reina climbed up slowly, her body still quivering. Her flushed face turned toward him, filled with fear, confusion… and lust.

"Take your clothes off."

"B-But my brother—"

Leon turned toward the door again.

"Then I'm giving the signal—"

"N-No! No!" she cried, yanking her nightgown up and over her head in a frenzy. Her boobs bounced free, huge and soft, her dark pink nipples painfully hard and dripping heat.

*Boing-Boing*

"Well, well… These stupidly huge tits… I'm going to suck on them, and while I do, you'll start confessing. Got it?" Leon asked with an evil smile.

He stepped forward, grabbed both her breasts roughly—hands full of her trembling soft squishy flesh—and gave them a deep, tight squeeze.

*Squeeze-Squeeze*

"Ahhhnn~ Y-Yes...!" she moaned, her voice breathy and desperate, her thighs instinctively pressing together against her dripping pussy packed inside her totally soaked white panty, that was see through now because of her cum.

"Then what the fuck are you waiting for ? Start talking bitch, Bite." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he activated his skill.

<Lust Bite>

*SLAP*

He struck her left tit hard, the sound echoing, before leaning down and biting her right nipple with a sharp tug of his teeth.

*Suckkkk*

"Anhhhh~ F-Five years ago… the elves were struggling at the human border… Anhhhh~"

*SLAP*

"Continue bitch, I will slap your tit every time... *Suck* you go off trails and do this as well." Leon snarled, biting again—this time deeper, leaving his bite mark on her areola.

*Bite*

"Ahhh~ D-Don't bite m-my—!"

"Again, going off the topic..." Leon spoke as he slapped her once again.

*SLAP*

*Bite*

He sank his teeth into her areola again, sharp and deliberate, sending a hot spike of pain-pleasure through her chest.

"Speak, stupid slut." Leon ordered aggressively as he continued to suck on her nipples, his tongue rapidly making circles around it.

"Anhh~ M-My brother… was chosen by the First Prince… and sent the human kingdom Anhhh~ to become a spy in the weaver house. He was taken in by the Weaver household's third lord easily, and—Ahnn~ My nipples—!"

*SLAP*

*Bite*

Leon punished her again the moment she veered off, his hand striking one breast while his mouth punished the other one with merciless bites.

"You don't know how many people you and your stupid brother have killed you bitch. You are going to face punishment tonight." Leon spoke as he tightly squeezed her boob from her areola and grazed his teeth on her puffy straight nipple.

"ANHHHH~! I-I am sorryyyy~" Reina cried out, her back arching, her hips and wet pussy grinding against the sheets.

'Wh-What is happening to me…? I am doing all of this to save Rubin but...' she thought in desperation, her pussy gushing more perverted juices onto the bed beneath her.

'The more he hits me, bites me… the more I want it… what is he doing to my body...? anhhhhh~'

*SLAP*

*Bite*

"ANHHHHH~"

"Sorry ? Bitch... You are saying sorry in just this much ? You better prepare yourself for what's coming next." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he threw her down on the bed and sat on her stomach grabbing both of her nipples tightly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146: The Punishment-2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Suck—Suck—Suck—Suck—Suck*

Leon was sprawled over Reina's trembling body, his mouth greedily devouring both of her sensitive nipples. He sucked them deep into his mouth, switching back and forth with a hunger that sent electric shocks through her arching back.

"A-Anhh~ Ahnn~ After Rubin was hired as the butler… Ahnn~ He struggled to gather information—Ahnnn~ private butlers are bound to their masters… they can't move freely around the house that much Anhhhhh~…" Reina gasped, each word torn from her lips as heat surged through her chest and all the way to her pussy.

Leon finally pulled his mouth away, her nipples slipping out of his mouth wet and swollen. His fingers replaced his lips, tightly pinching and rolling the sensitive peaks.

"So… he called his sister for help, didn't he ?" he asked with a dark grin as he looked at Reina.

"Y-Yes… Anhhh~ But we were only following orders… I-I swear… I'll confess everything to the family head, I'll take all the blame… Just, please… let my brother go,

I-I took responsibility that I won't let anything happen to him... P-Please..." she begged, her voice trembling, eyes wide with desperation.

Leon leaned closer, his voice a low whisper dripping with threat and lust.

"You'll be my Elf-Cum-Dump from now on… and maybe—just maybe—I'll let your brother keep breathing.

You will keep working here and only transfer the information that I give you to your brother. Do you understand ?" Leon asked as his hand slid beneath her panties, finding her soaked and hot pussy.

'She is really wet... That aphrodisiac really did it's job in just a single drop, it brought her to the knees.

The books were true... That Moonrush Aphrodisiac can really drive them mad. Now, I need to test how mad.' Leon thought with an evil smile.

"Your slutty elf pussy is really wet for someone who is begging for her brother's life." Leon spoke with a smile.

"A-Ahhhnn~ I-I don't… understand…" Reina panted, her face confused, helpless, and flushed.

"We're going to play a little game," he whispered, slowly dragging his fingers around her pulsing pussy lips,

"If you win, I'll leave this house and never touch you again. But if you lose—you're mine. My obedient little elf pussy. I will use you to my heart's content, Whenever I want. However I want." Leon spoke as he tugged her panties down in one smooth motion, exposing her glistening, twitching pussy to the cool air.

'Breaking her is really easy, I'll fuck her senseless by morning and she will worship my cock by tomorrow morning. But for now… let's see how far I can tease her mind.' Leon thought in his mind.

"W-What's the game?" Reina whispered with a desperate expression, her eyes flicking down to Leon's hand, although it was circling around her pussy... It wasn't touching it.

"I'll only tell you… if you agree to the terms," Leon grinned, his voice pure evil as he gave her pussy a slight flick.

*Flick*

"Anhhhh~…W-What will happen to Rubin… if I lose?" she asked, her voice barely holding steady.

"I'll escort him back to the Elf Kingdom personally. Safe and sound." Leon lied as he looked at her.

"…I-I accept," she breathed with her eyes closed and voice trembling.

"Good girl. The game is simple. All you have to do is stand up… and walk out of this room." Leon rose from the bed, standing tall, his voice mocking.

"W-What? J-Just that?" she blinked as she looked at Leon with a confused expression.

Leon smirked. "With a twist."

He unbuckled his pants immediately and let them fall. His cock sprang free—massive, throbbing, unwashed and stinking with sweat.

Reina's eyes widened. Her face went crimson, her ears burning hot.

*Thump—Thump—Thump—Thump*

Her pussy clenched violently. She came on the sight.

*Squirt*

Leon brought his cock closer to her face, the heavy musk invading her senses like a drug.

Her body jolted with arousal.

Her eyes locked onto his dick like prey spotting the apex predator.

'W-What the hell is this size !?' she screamed inside her head, her womb instinctively lowering, ready to be impregnated.

"Go on," Leon purred. "Walk out. But remember—if you do, you'll never get to taste this cock." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he looked at her.

He slowly pulled his hips back, teasing her nose with the scent of his dick.

Reina stood shakily, her throat gulping large amount of saliva, a thick thread of cum dripping from her cunt to the floor. Her gaze never left his cock—not for a second. She staggered toward the door, her plump and squishy ass jiggling with every step.

Her pussy was shouting silently to get Leon's cock but her heart was getting in the way.

'I… I have to go… I must… For Rubin…' she told herself as she continued to walk, even as she walked forward... With the slightest movement in her pussy, she felt a jolt of pleasure.

The bite marks that Leon left on her boobs, glowed dark purple and repeated the sensation of biting into her nipples.

"Anhhh~" reaching the door, she placed her hand on the handle.

'I just… have to open this… and I'm free…' she thought, her chest heaving, sweat dripping from her brow, pussy leaking uncontrollably.

*Creak*

"Are you sure?" Leon's voice echoed behind her, and then—

*SLAP—SLAP*

His heavy cock smacked against her huge ass cheeks, making her gasp and her pussy gap.

She turned to look at it one last time.

Sweat ran down her neck.

Her lips trembled like crazy.

Her womb screamed at her to drop to her knees and beg.

"You know... It feels really good when it goes inside your pussy. Your pussy will clench around it and you will feel like you are flying.

As I fill your pussy with cum... You will beg me to fuck you even more." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he continued to smack his dick on her ass cheeks.

'I don't care if she goes out or not. I will still fuck her and turn her into a broken fleshlight for my dick.

After all... I want to burn the size of my dick into her pussy.' Leon thought in his mind as he looked at Reina with a smile.

"Go on... Get out." Leon spoke with a smile.

...

*Step-Step*

*Click*

...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147: Punishment Accepted
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Reina didn't run.

Instead, she stepped back into the room like a broken little slut and shut the door behind her.

*Click*

As soon as the lock clicked, she dropped to her knees with a wet slap, her ass cheeks hitting the wet ground, her eyes zeroing in on Leon's cock like a bitch in heat. Her breath hitched, her mouth hung open, and her thighs trembled as her gaze locked onto that thick, veiny monster she couldn't get out of her head.

Leon grinned, towering over her. "Well, well, look who came crawling back. Couldn't even make it out the door, huh?" he said, slapping his fat cock right against her lips, letting the tip block her nostrils. "Now remind me, stupid slut—what was the punishment for losing our little game?"

*Tap-Tap*

The moment his cockhead touched her nostrils, the raw, sweaty stench of him hit her brain like a drug—and her body broke as if someone just hit her with a strong whip.

Her cunt erupted on the spot.

*Squirttttt*

Hot juice splashed out of her thick pussy, soaking her thighs and the floor even more.

Leon laughed. "Holy fuck. You're actually cumming just from the smell of my dick. What kind of brain-dead cockwhore are you?"

He slapped his cock across her cheeks—hard—over and over, leaving her skin red and smeared with precum.

"You fucking love this, don't you ?" he spoke, his voice low and lust filled.

Unknowingly her head nodded in a yes, as her tongue rolled out of her mouth in order to get a taste of Leon's dick.

"Well then…" Leon smirked, his cock twitching with anticipation. "State the terms for the loser of our little bet—and I'll let you suck on my dick all you want."

Reina's face flushed crimson, her voice barely above a whisper. "T-The loser—"

"Who's the loser, slut ?" Leon cut her off, and without warning, slapped his cock across her face—harder this time.

*Slap—Slap*

"I-I'm the loser!" she gasped. "I'm your elf cum-dump! P-Please… let me have your cock, Mr. Leo—"

Before she could even finish, his hand clamped around her throat, squeezing just enough to make her eyes widen.

"It's Master for you dumb bitch, you are my Cum-Dump and a Cum-Dump never calls it's owner by the name. Say it right." Leon spoke with a smile.

*Squirrtttt*

Suddenly, her pussy released another fountain of cum on the floor, as if she is enjoying it.

'What kind of slut is she ? Is it really the aphrodisiac that's making her cum like a broken bitch everytime I do something cruel to her ?' Leon thought in his mind but not for long.

"Y-Yes… Master…" she choked out, trembling under his grip, her thighs clenching as she was already cumming from the humiliation.

"Good girl. Now open that fuckhole on your face. I'm going to use it." Leon ordered with authority.

Reina's mouth opened wide, her lips quivering with anticipation—and Leon rammed his cock straight in without hesitation. Her lips sealed around him instantly, sucking him in like she was starving for it. Her pussy gushed onto the floor as the taste hit her tongue.

*Squirt*

Her tongue swirled, eager and desperate, her throat convulsing with each thrust.

*Gwak—Gwak—Gwak—Gwak*

"You call that sucking? You dumb cock-sleeve, Selene is better at sucking than you." Leon spoke, gripping her head with both hands. "Here, I will do it myself."

He slammed his hips forward, using her throat like a tight fuck toy. She gagged, drool pouring from her mouth, but she didn't stop. Couldn't stop.

*Gwak-Gwak-Gwak-Gwak-Gwak-Gwak-Gwak*

He pounded her mouth-pussy like a fleshlight, slapping her face between thrusts, smiling evilly at the obscene noises echoing through the room.

Her eyes were glazed over, tears streaming down her cheeks as her nose brushed his skin again and again, and her body kept convulsing—like every throatfuck pushed her closer to another orgasm.

Ten whole minutes of being face-fucked like a broken doll.

Then—

*Gwak—Gwak—Gwak*

Leon snarled. "Fuck… I'm gonna cum."

He shoved it in deep, grabbed her lips, pinched them tightly around the base of his dick—and exploded in her mouth. Hot, thick cum poured down her throat, choking her instantly. She couldn't swallow fast enough.

It backed up.

And then it burst out of her nose in thick, white bubbles.

She gagged, drowning in it—and that did it.

*SQUUUUIRRTTT*

Her pussy sprayed cum once again violently, it was as if her body was addicted to being choked and filled at this point.

But Leon wasn't done,

"Put your fat tits on the bed and get your knees on the floor," Leon ordered, his voice thick with hunger. "Spread those legs and beg for the cock you want buried in that slutty little pussy."

"Y-Yes… Master…" Reina gasped, her body already moving before the words were fully out. She climbed up, planted her massive tits against the sheets, and dropped her knees to the ground. Her back arched low and her ass stuck out, legs wide open—dripping wet and needy.

Her puffy, soaked pussy was twitching, the lips fluttering like they were desperate to be split open.

Leon smiled darkly, stepping forward with his cock in hand. "Well, well… Look at this pathetic little elf hole. Sloppy and twitching like it's begging for a cock."

*SLAP*

Leon spoke as he slapped her ass-cheeks tightly.

"ANHHHHH~"

He then rubbed the tip of his cock up and down her soaked slit, teasing the entrance. Her pussy clung to the motion, trying to suck him in already.

*Rub—Rub*

"M-Master… This filthy elf cum-dump is begging you," she moaned, her breath ragged.

"Please fuck me without mercy. Use my pussy like a trash bin for your seed… stuff me full, break it open—please!" Reina begged loudly, desperation clear in her voice.

She reached back with shaking hands, spreaded her ass wide, and shoved her pussy right up for him to see—pink, leaking, and practically winking at him.

"Master, plea—"

She didn't finish.

"Fucking Bitch... Take this..."

*SLAP*

Leon drove his cock into her in one brutal thrust.

"AHHHHHHHHHHH~" Reina's scream tore from her throat as her pussy squirted violently on impact, legs shaking as her eyes rolled up and crossed. Cum splashed down her thighs like her body couldn't handle the stretch.

Leon's face twisted in shock and ecstasy. Her insides were like a vice—tight, wet, hot, and somehow squishy in the most unreal way.

'It's like my dick's getting hugged by marshmallows made of fucking slime…' he thought, mind flashing white as he grabbed her hips and snapped his waist forward.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

He fucked her like an animal, like something had broken loose inside him. Her fat ass bounced with each impact, tits mashing against the bed as the sound of wet slaps echoed like music through the room.

"AHH~ HAAH~ Mnhhh~ My pussy—fuck—it feels soooo goood~!" Reina wailed, her voice half-broken with pleasure.

*SQUIIRRRTTT*

Another spray of cum shot from her pussy, soaking Leon's cock and thighs as he just kept pounding, his hips moving on their own now. He reached forward and grabbed those heavy tits, squeezing them hard as they spilled across the bed like warm dough.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

He wasn't stopping. Not until her pussy forgot how to close.

....

40 minutes later

SLAP—SLAP—SLAP—SLAP

"Ahhhn~ Ahhnn~ M-Master~! Nnnhhh~!"

Leon's hips slammed into her soaked, swollen pussy without mercy, each thrust messier than the last. Reina's voice had long since gone hoarse from moaning, crying out, begging, and breaking.

Her body was trembling, thighs sticky with their mixed fluids, ass red from the endless pounding.

Suddenly Leon's jaw clenched. "F-Fuck… I'm cumming!"

His thrusts deepened as his cock twitched inside her—and with a low groan, he shoved himself all the way in and emptied his load into her.

*SPLURT—SPLURT—SPLURRT*

Reina's body jerked as she felt his cum filling her to the brim. "Ahhhh~ Yessss, Masterrrr~ Fill me up~!"

She came again on the spot— herlegs shaking, mouth wide open, eyes rolling. Her pussy clenched around him like it wanted to milk every last drop.

And then—her ears twitched.

Magically, they returned back to their full length—her body reacting to the overwhelming flood of mana and climax.

Leon grinned, grabbing both of ears roughly and yanking them back, holding her in place as her body convulsed.

"ANHHHHHHH~!"

He finally pulled out for just a moment—cum dripping from her fuck hole—and glanced out the window.

The snow outside had thickened. The world was white, silent, and frozen outside.

"Well," he said with a smirk. "Looks like, I am going to use you for the full night because it's snowing really hard out there and what's better than using a warm elf pussy in such a cold weather."

He shoved back into her cum-filled pussy without hesitation.

*SLAP—SLAP—SLAP—SLAP—SLAP*

"Ahhh~ Y-Yes, Master! Don't stop! Use me more~ I'm your elf cum-dump~ I-I'm born for this!" Reina shouted loudly as she accepted herself being Leon's Cum-Dump.

Leon continued to pound her pussy without any stops or giving her any breaks, till the next morning and he was merciless.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148: Heart Contract
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Next Morning…

Blink-Blink

Light crept through the thick velvet curtains. Leon's eyes opened slowly, the familiar ache of satisfaction in his bones. The scent in the room was filthy—sweat, sex, and a woman thoroughly fucked.

Leon smiled as he noticed that he was still in Reina's bed.

He sat up, dragging the blanket off his chest. Lying beside him was the elf cum-dump herself—completely nude, her perfect body a canvas of last night's rough fucks. Bite marks colored her neck, her huge boobs and her thighs. She looked like a fuck toy tossed aside after cumming inside several times.

Her pussy was still making cum bubbles as she laid on her huge fleshy boobs.

Leon chuckled. "Fucking hell... I used her good, last night."

He reached out and brushed a fingertip along her long, elegant ear.

*Blink-Blink*

Her eyes fluttered open.

"Y-You..." she gasped, panic instantly flashing in her gaze. She scrambled to grab the blanket and cover her chest.

Leon grinned like a wolf watching a wounded doe. "Still playing the innocent? After saying so many dirty words last night? You know, you are the first girl that I fucked upside down."

"I-I wasn't myself," she said, shaking. "Y-You gave me something. I—I didn't mean to—"

"What exactly did I give you? And when did I give it you ? I don't remember we had much talk yesterday." His voice was calm and amused as he looked at her confused expression.

"I... I don't know, but—"

"Kelma." Leon spoke as he cut her off mid-sentence.

Reina froze as she looked at Leon with a shocked and surprised expression.

Her breath stopped. The name hit her like a dagger in the heart. Her real name—one she'd never shared with anyone in the human kingdom.

"Surprised?" Leon said, his voice low and dark.

"H-How do you know that?" Reina asked with a scared expression as she looked at Leon.

Leon's smile disappeared. "Did you think I was just some clueless human to fool just like the rest of stupid people in this house ? Some idiot you could manipulate with your cold and bitchy attitude ?" He spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I never meant—"

"You lost the bet," he snapped. "And that makes you my cum-dump, if you remember."

"No! I told you—I'm a proud elf. What happened last night... it wasn't right. I'm done. I'll leave with my brother. We won't leak anything else from the elf kingdom.

We will just return back to our kingdom peacefully." Reina spoke with a proud expression as she tried to bargain.

Leon sighed, as if disappointed. "You elves really are something. All that pride, all that superiority... yet last night you were lying in your own cum, begging me not to hurt your precious brother.

Do I need to make you remember everything ?"

She clenched the blanket tighter. "W-What do you mean by that?"

Leon leaned forward, his voice sharp. "You think I'll let you walk? After last night ? After handing information to the elf kingdom—after getting so many of our soldiers killed?"

'I don't give a fuck about soldiers, I am just saying that just so I can make her feel even more guilt.' Leon thought.

"We didn't kill anyone! We just passed along information that I got—"

"Oh, spare me the fucking excuses," Leon spoke with a serious expression. "You passed the blade to the killer and now you want to cry about blood on your hands by making stupid excuses ?"

"I-It was my idea," she said quickly, desperation pouring from her.

"He didn't know. Please... take it out on me. I'll turn myself in. I'll tell the head, the kingdom—anything." Reina spoke as she immediately stood up and started walking towards the door.

Leon's voice dropped. Cold. Icy. "Step one foot out of this room... and your little brother's head will be rolling at your feet."

<Bluff>

"No!" she cried, falling forward. "Please, please don't hurt him! He's just a kid. I swear he didn't do anything.

I-I was behind everything... please hurt me and spare him."

Leon stared down at her trembling form. "Last night," he said, dark amusement in his voice, "you swore your loyalty to my dick. Completely. Do you remember what you called yourself ?"

"I-I said I was your c-cum-dump... but—if I give you everything, if I serve you—will you spare him?"

Leon chuckled. "Sure. But actually... no. He becomes my slave too."

Reina's eyes widened in horror. "No... please, no. I-I'll do anything, just leave him out of this—"

"You're already failing," Leon said, his voice flat.

"You haven't called me 'master' once since you woke up. That's going to cost your brother slavery for life." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Please, Master," she whispered, shame burning in her throat. "I'm sorry. I'll do better. Just don't do anything to him."

She let the blanket fall and crawled forward, wrapping herself around Leon's leg like a dog.

'Bluffing skill really makes this intresting. But, I really need to do something about her brother.' Leon thought with a smile.

"That's better," Leon said, petting her head like she was nothing more than a bitch in heat.

"But relax. I'm feeling generous. Your brother can go back to the Elf kingdom with his tail between his legs. But only if he agrees to some conditions."

"Yes, Master," she whispered, broken.

"First," Leon said, "he leaves today. I don't want to see his face in this kingdom ever again. If I do, he dies."

Her eyes welled with tears. "He'll leave. I'll make sure of it. Just... please, Master."

"Good girl," Leon said. "Let's go give him the good news."

"Y-You're coming with me?" she asked quietly as she looked at Leon.

"Of course. You think I'm stupid enough to let the two of you wander off alone ?"

He leaned in, his lips grazing her ear. "And if you want to make sure he never looks back, you're going to do exactly what I tell to you now."

He whispered something into her ears and her eyes widened in shock.

Her whole body flinched. "B-But that's—"

"Is it worse than watching his head split open on the floor?" Leon asked with a smile.

Her silence was answer enough.

"I'll do it," she whispered.

She stood, dressing slowly. Her body was a mess—her thighs, her shoulders, her fleshy huge boobs covered in purple-red bites. Leon didn't spare a place that he didn't bite on her squishy body.

Leon leaned back against the pillows, his arms folded behind his head, watching her with a smile.

She walked toward the transformation potion, her hand trembling.

"Stop."

She turned.

Leon pulled a transformation potion from his pocket and tossed it to her. "Take this one."

"But—"

"Cum-dumps don't ask questions." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

Her breath caught. "Yes, Master."

She drank it.

Her ears shrank, her mana thinned to a whisper. She looked human again. Harmless.

'This potion won't her into a sex hungry bitch, but it'll make her little confession to her brother so much more fun. Because it has normal aphrodisiac in it.' Leon thought with a smile.

"One more thing," he said. "You and I are going to sign a Heart Contract."

She froze. Her face went white once again.

"M-Master, please... that's sacred. It's for marriage—"

"And I could've made you do it last night. I didn't, because I was too busy fucking your brains out. Now, do it." Leon ordered with a smile.

'I've read enough elven customs to know the loopholes in those books,' he thought. 'It doesn't have to be marriage. All it needs is the right wording—and it can easily turn into a master-slave contract.'

"I'll sign it," she said with a scared expression.

She raised her hand.

"On your knees," Leon said, dropping his pants. "We're not tying the knot. You're pledging yourself as my fuck-toy."

She hesitated, then sank down, trembling.

His cock was already hard.

"My morning wood's got a mind of its own. Get started before it starts using your pussy."

"Yes, Master... I, Kelma Stinson, daughter of Alras and Frein Stinson..." Her voice quivered. "...promise to become the cum-dump of Leon Luster, my master."

A faint glow pulsed from her chest.

"I will serve his cock until the day I die. I will obey him, get fucked when he says, kneel when he commands, and betray him never. Let the Mother Goddess seal this vow."

The glow traveled to her lips and she kissed the head of his cock.

*Chu*

"Good girl," Leon said, rubbing her hair like she was a loyal pet. "Now let's go break the news to your brother."

"Yes, Master."

They headed towards the door but suddenly a knock was heard on the door.

*Knock-Knock*

"Hmm...? Open it." Leon ordered, stepping beside the door.

Reina did as she was told.

*Click*

The door creaked open.

Rubin stood there, confusion on his face.

"Sister... where were you last night? You said you'd bring me that information…" He asked with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149: Revenge is not good
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Sister... what is wrong with you? Why aren't you speaking anything ?" Rubin asked, his expression twisted in confusion as he stepped inside the room. His eyes flicked to Reina, standing silent, frozen.

"I-I—"

"Because she can't," a deep, calm voice echoed from behind.

"What the—!?" Rubin flinched, instantly turning around, his hand flying toward his pocket. Leon stood there, looking at him with a smile as he closed the door shut.

*Click*

"Hello, Rubin," Leon said, smiling like he was greeting a friend.

"Who the fuck are you? Sister, get behind me." Rubin growled, protective, stepping in front of Reina as his fingers curled inside his pocket.

"You might not want to do that," Leon said, his eyes never leaving Rubin's. "I mean, why would you want to kill your sister's husband?"

"W-What!?" Rubin's voice cracked as he glanced between Leon and Reina, utterly stunned.

"Darling," Leon said, his voice soft yet sharp like a dagger under silk, "why don't you come here and tell your dear brother the truth ?"

"Y-Yes..." Reina whispered as she walked up to Leon, trembling, and stood beside him.

"Sister... what the hell are you doing? Who is this bastard? What nonsense is he—" Before Rubin could've completed his sentence He was cut short by Leon's action.

*Grab*

*Squeeze*

His hand clamped down on Reina's boob, over her dress, groping her in front of her own brother like it meant nothing.

"W-What are you doing to my sister, you bastard ?"

"He is right," Reina said in a cracked voice.

"I signed a heart contract with him. I told him everything about us Rubin." She confessed as she looked at Rubin.

Rubin's eyes went wide with rage. "You fucking animal—what have you done to her!?"

His hand twitched, ready to draw something out of his pocket—but he froze as five pitch black and extremely sharp blades screamed through the air and hovered around his neck, just an inch from slicing his skin.

"No, please... don't—" Reina gasped as she immediately tried to stop Leon.

"Relax, darling," Leon said, still smiling. "I'm not going to kill him... not yet."

"What the fuck is this!?" Rubin spat, struggling to stay calm as he closely looked at the shining blades threatening to take his life immediately.

"Rubin... leave this kingdom," Reina said, her voice low and trembling. "We've taken enough lives. It's time to stop. I need to atone for the sins I have done."

"You don't know who the fuck I am, I can get your whole family tortured and burned for this." Rubin hissed as he looked at Leon with a very angry expression.

Leon stepped forward, slowly, confidently, his eyes deadlocked on Rubin's.

"You're standing one inch away from death, and you're still trying to make death threats?" Leon said with a dark chuckle. "Do you not value your life, or are you just that fucking stupid ?"

"If I don't pull your heart out of your chest myself, my name isn't Rubin Stinson." He spoke as his anger grew even more.

"You've got guts. Dumb, suicidal guts, But you have taken many innocent lifes by supplying all this information to the Elf kingdom." Leon said, keeping his expressions neutral as he looked at Rubin.

"You act righteous?" Rubin spat. "You're siding with humans? What about the slaves your people dragged from our kingdom? Kids—literal fucking children—you monsters stole them and used them to pleasure yourself till they died. Where's your justice now fucking Human ?"

Leon's expression didn't flinch.

"Was I the one who took them?" He asked with a straight face.

"What?" Rubin asked with a confused expression.

"Did you see me dragging children from their homes?" Leon repeated, his voice cold and calm.

"No, but—"

"Then why the fuck are you yelling at me?" Leon growled.

"You forced my sister into the heart contract. I don't know what kind of magic you used, but you are punishing an innocent." Rubin spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Oh, the how about the time when you locked up an innocent maid's brother in that drunk guy's room for five fucking years just to stay hidden ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"He was the only way we could stay here, her sister would've never agreed to help us Elfs and we fed him on time everyday." Rubin replied with a neutral expression immediately.

Leon snapped back. "And you think giving him food makes it okay ?"

"I already told you, It was the only way for us to stay hidden." Rubin replied with a neutral expression.

"Well, turning your sister into my personal fucktoy was the only way you get to walk away from this," Leon said, his voice like ice. "Unless you want me to turn you over to the chief of this house. I heard that he's a sick fuck. Believe me, he'd spend days torturing you before letting you die.

Maybe five to ten years, there is a good chance he will make you his slave."

Rubin's glare flicked toward Reina.

"Rubin, please... go," Reina said, her eyes glossy with tears. "I don't want anyone else to die."

Rubin clenched his fists, his teeth grinding.

"Fine... I'll go."

"And never return. Say it," Leon demanded with a smile.

"I'll go and never return," Rubin said, his voice drenched in hate.

"Good boy, Oh, and one last thing. If you try anything smart—anything at all—I won't hesitate to kill your sister. I'll gut her like a pig and make sure you hear about it." Leon whispered into his ears with a smile as he withdrew all the blades away from his neck.

"I understand." Rubin's voice was low, broken. He turned and walked out without another word.

Leon then turned to Reina with a smile.

"You're also coming with me. We've got some groceries to pick up." He ordered.

"Y-Yes, Master," Reina nodded, obediently.

As they stepped out, Adeline was waiting for them in the hallway.

"Fucking hell... what the fuck are you doing here?" Leon snapped as he got suprised.

"I just saw her brother walk out. He looked at me like he wanted to kill me, but he couldn't do shit about it," Adeline said, grinning.

"Honestly? I would've let you fuck me in front of him just to see that look on his face." Adeline spoke with a neutral expression.

"He's gone back to his kingdom," Leon said with a shrug.

"Gone? What the fuck do you mean 'gone back to his kingdom'? That motherfucker locked my brother in a fucking closet for years, and you're just letting him walk away ?" Adeline's voice rose as she looked at Leon with a shocked expression.

"She's leaving with me too," Leon said, pointing toward Reina.

"What the fuck!? Are you insane!? They're Elves! Spies! They got our soldiers killed, and you're—"

"Speak. Lower." Leon's voice dropped to a growl. "I don't want this whole house hearing your righteous words."

"I-I'm sorry... but you can't just let them go. She's a spy. She—"

"Tell me, Adeline, Who's the next best maid after Reina?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I am," Adeline replied, confused.

"So if she mysteriously disappeared, who becomes head maid?"

"I do."

"Exactly," Leon smirked. "And now your brother's back. You get power and family ? Isn't that enough?

You can sometimes let go of revenge, you know ?"

"If I go to the family head and tell him about her, I'll still get the promotion," Adeline sneered as she looked at Leon.

Leon sighed. "No one in this goddamn house understands plain fucking words even when I speak with a smile."

"She tortured my brother. She ruined five years of his life. I won't let this bitch go—"

"Say, Adeline," Leon leaned in, rubbing her shoulders, his voice dropping to a whisper, "your brother's a human, right?"

"Of course. What kind of question—?"

"Good. Then you know it wouldn't be hard for me to find him again. Right?" Leon's voice was ice now. All warmth gone.

Adeline froze. Her face drained of color.

"A-Are you threatening me ?" she whispered.

"Oh, you catch on fast," Leon said, smiling again.

"But... I thought we were friends," she said, her voice trembling. "You helped me... I even gave you my first kiss."

'Fuck... I need her if I want Justin to lead this house,' Leon thought. 'Can't lose her yet.'

"We are friends, Adeline. I helped you. Got your brother back. You'll be head maid soon. That's a win. Now let go of the hate—it's not worth it."

"Fine... but if I see either of them near this house again, I swear I'll expose everything," Adeline said, glaring at Reina with burning hatred.

"I-I'm sorry for your broth—"

"Shut the fuck up, bitch," Adeline snapped. "I hope you die."

"Alright, alright. No fights," Leon stepped between them. "Adeline, distract the entrance guard. I don't want him seeing me walk out with her."

"Fine," she muttered, walking down the stairs and calling Romas inside.

As soon as she was out of sight, Leon stepped outside with Reina following behind.

Both of them then started heading towards the dungeon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150: Fruela
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Leon walked out of the Noble District, he noticed dozens of eyes turning their way. Most of them—men. And most of them weren't looking at him.

They were staring at her.

Reina kept her eyes lowered, walking close beside Leon, but it didn't matter.

'Hmm...? She must've used a potion to hide her identity, but her aura... and those Elf pheromones...' Leon thought, glancing at her with a neutral expression. 'They're pulling in every fucking dog on the street.'

Even cloaked in human clothes and low-profile mana, her natural scent was too strong. Every man that passed gave her a second glance.

"Oi... kid."

Suddenly, A voice called from behind, smug and irritating.

Leon stopped.

He turned slowly, brows twitching with mild curiosity—and immediate disdain.

Standing behind him was a fat, greasy bastard in bright red noblewear, his cane digging into the stone as he leaned on it like some kind of warlord. But what caught Leon's attention wasn't the man.

It was the woman beside him.

A dark elf.

Shackled in thick, rusting chains—wrists, ankles, neck. Her clothes were nothing but a tattered rice sack barely covering her bruised skin. Whip marks, fresh and old, painted her legs and arms like artless strokes of cruelty. Cuts. Blood. Pain. Her eyes were dull but burning with hatred, even in silence.

A collar ringed her throat, with a thick rope tethered to the fat man's wrist like a leash for a wild dog.

'...Who the fuck is this dumbass?' Leon thought, his eyes narrowing as he immediately used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Ruy Rempov]

[Class: Thief]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 100/100]

[MP: 50/50]

[Description: Ruy is the only son of Lux Rempov, the viscount of the Fourth District near the southern kingdom's wall. Since he was born in a wealthy household, he never did anything and only enjoyed the privileges that his parents provided him.]

'Thief? No wonder he looks like a rotting pile of shit in silk. His dad must've paid a shit-ton of gold to hide that trash class from the public.' Leon's lip twitched in disgust.

Then his eyes turned to the elf.

<Inspect>

[Name: Fruela]

[Class: Assassin]

[Race: Elf]

[Level: 50]

[HP: 50000/50000]

[MP: 25000/25000]

[Description: Fruela is an excellent assassin, but since she was captured by the slave traders, her abilities have been sealed off by the slave collar.]

'Level 50... Damn. Even as a slave, she's more dangerous than this pig could ever imagine.'

Leon's eyes returned to Ruy, who smiled like a jackass who thought he was clever.

"Yes?" He asked with a fake smile that barely masked his irritation.

"Want to make a trade?" Ruy asked, that smug look stretching across his fat face.

Leon blinked. "Hmm...? What kind of trade?"

"I'm the viscount's son," Ruy said, puffing up like that title gave him the right to do anything he wants. "And I like that maid. So how about you take this freshly bought virgin elf bitch here... and pass me that beautiful maid beside you?"

He licked his lips while staring directly at Reina.

Leon stared at him blankly, brain flatlining for a second at the sheer audacity of this pig.

'Fucking disgusting. I want to split his skull open right now. Even his breath smells like fermented piss.' Leon thought as he took a deep breath and controlled his anger.

"No, sir," Leon said, his voice flat and cold.

Ruy's expression twisted. "What? Did you just say 'no' to me ?"

"No, no," Leon replied quickly, raising a hand. "I meant—what if I give you an even more profitable deal?"

"What? What kind of deal?" Ruy asked, blinking dumbly.

Leon smiled. "How much did you buy the slave for?"

"Huh? Her? 30 silvers. Why?" Ruy asked, his brows furrowing.

Leon's smile widened. "How about I give you 40 silvers for her ?"

"W-What? Really?" Ruy's fat eyes bulged with surprise.

"Yes, of course." Leon nodded, his smile never leaving.

"It's a deal! She's yours. Now hand over the money." Ruy said eagerly, giving the rope a hard tug.

*Thud*

The dark elf collapsed to the ground like a discarded toy.

"You fucking bitch... Can't you even stay up for one—"

Before the fat bastard could raise his boot, Leon's hand grabbed his leg mid-air.

*Grab*

"W-What!?" Ruy gasped.

Leon's expression stayed calm, friendly even, but his grip was real hard.

"Sir... I won't be able to accept a damaged product," Leon said, smiling wide. "If you damage her womb with that kick, she won't be able to have kids, right ?"

"R-Right..." Ruy mumbled, his eyes darting, fake-smiling as he tried to laugh it off.

Leon let go slowly and pulled out a pouch.

"Here is your 40 silvers. Feel free to count it."

"Hahaha... Thanks, man. Pleasure doing business. You're a good man! What's your name?" Ruy asked, already digging into the pouch.

Leon grinned wider. "My name? It's Rubin."

Reina twitched slightly, glancing at Leon with wide eyes.

"Thirty-eight... thirty-nine... forty. Perfect!" Ruy stuffed the pouch into his pocket. "She's all yours."

Ruy turned to leave, leash dragging behind him, but Leon's voice stopped him.

"Sir..."

"Hmm?" Ruy glanced back.

"You forgot to hand over her slave contract."

"Oh—how dumb of me!" Ruy chuckled. "Sometimes I just forget things when I'm too happy. Here's the contract."

He pulled a small paper scroll from his coat and handed it over.

"Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got another slave to buy."

"Looks like elf slaves are coming in pretty fast, huh?" Leon asked, slipping the contract into his pocket.

"No, no... That's not it." Ruy stepped closer, whispering, "Since we made such a good deal, I'll tell you a little secret. But keep it between us, alright?"

"Oh my... I wouldn't dare open my mouth," Leon said, grinning like the perfect accomplice.

"The Golden Slave Traders caught a big group of dark elves this morning. Elven Forest raid. That's why the price is so damn low for these grown ones. But... I don't think I'll get another one."

"Why's that?" Leon asked quietly.

"They auction only one special slave each day. She was today's slave. I'll have to wait until tomorrow for the next batch."

Ruy shrugged. "Till then, maybe I'll pick up a half-ogre for heavy housework. Strong bastards. Anyway, don't waste my time now—I've got shopping to do!"

Leon didn't reply—just watched the fat pig waddle away.

Once Ruy was out of earshot, Leon glanced to his side.

Fruela was standing next to him—silent, ghost-like.

'When the fuck did she stand up? Her presence is... like air. In a dark room, I'd never even know she's there.' He thought with a surprised expression.

"Come. Let's get you some clothes," Leon said as he turned, leading Fruela and Reina toward the market street.

---

*Ting*

The little bell rang as they entered the modest clothing shop. A young girl sat behind the wooden counter and stood up the moment they walked in.

"Welcome, sir! How can I help you?" she said with a polite bow.

Leon pointed to Fruela.

"Can I get clothes for her?"

"Oh... your slave? Would you like old clothes or new ones?"

"New."

"Please wait just a second, I'll bring them right out!" she chirped before vanishing into the back.

Leon slowly turned to Fruela, his tone flat.

"Why didn't you fight back?"

Fruela looked up slowly. "This collar is—"

"I meant when they were capturing you," Leon cut her off.

Her jaw clenched, but the collar forced her to speak the truth.

"Children. They captured children and pointed swords at their necks. We had no choice but to surrender."

Leon watched a single tear trail down her cheek.

"What were you even doing in the forest with children?"

"Our homes were destroyed by the Queen. She doesn't like dark elves."

Leon immediately turned his head towards Reina with a smile.

She didn't meet his gaze. Just looked down—ashamed, silent.

"Okay! I have them here!" the shopgirl said as she returned, arms loaded with clothes. "Ten outfits—new, different sizes and styles."

"Pack them all. Give her that black one now."

"Y-Yes, of course. The changing room is at the back if you—"

"Reina, help her change."

"Yes, Master," Reina said, bowing slightly as she led Fruela away.

"That'll be 30 copper, sir," the girl said.

Leon pulled the coins from his pouch without hesitation and handed them over. "Here."

"Thank you."

Moments later, Fruela stepped out in the black outfit—tight, flexible, made for movement. Her body looked sleek, sexy.

"She looks good," the shopkeeper whispered with a jealous expression.

Leon smirked. "Yeah. Let's go."

---

They stepped out into the street again.

Leon walked in silence, his eyes locked ahead. Fruela kept pace beside him, her eyes forward, posture rigid.

"How many daggers can you use at once?" Leon asked.

"T-Two..." Fruela replied, stunned by the question.

"If I give you two daggers and freedom to do whatever you want... what would you do?" He asked with a smile.

Fruela's voice trembled at first. "I... I would go back to the slave trader..."

"What then ?" Leon asked as his smile grew wider.

Then her voice turned sharp, burning with rage.

"...and kill every last one of them. Behead those who captured us. Gut the auctioneers. Burn their cages—"

"That's enough." Leon's voice cut in.

"Let's get you some blades and see how many can you kill." Leon spoke with a smile as he started walking towards Dekken's Smithy.

Reina and Fruela both were stunned and shocked by this and couldn't understand what Leon was planning to do.

[Author: I would always recommend you guys to read the chapter at least 30 minutes later after upload.

Since I correct some mistakes and other things in the meantime.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151: Blades Out
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon stood in front of Dekken's Smithy, staring at the closed gate with a blank expression.

"Why the hell is this guy taking so long to open?" he muttered and knocked again.

*Knock-knock*

*Click*

The door swung open sharply. Gerald stood there, his face twisted in the usual cocktail of irritation and exhaustion.

"Hello—" Leon began, but Gerald cut him off with his usual charm.

"What ?"

Leon blinked. "Why are you always so angry?"

"Because one of my fucking swords snapped in my hand this morning. Now, talk or piss off."

"Calm down. I'm just here to buy a few daggers," Leon replied with a calm smile.

Gerald narrowed his eyes. "Why? Don't you already have five daggers in a sword?"

"Not for me, for her..." Leon said, stepping aside and pointing to Fruela behind him.

Gerald looked at her. His expression soured further.

"A dark elf... of course it's a dark elf." He spoke as he rubbed his eyes in disappointment.

Leon watched silently.

'Just like in the mangas... these guys really do hate each other. Racism is real.'

"What kind of daggers? Curved ? straight? What material ?" Gerald asked, deadpan.

"Why don't you show us a few?" Leon asked with a smile.

Gerald rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I'll just throw out my inventory so you can easily look through all of it."

"I'm not asking for charity, Gerald. I will pay you." Leon said, his smile fading into a cold, firm line.

"Come in. Close the gate behind you," Gerald grunted as he turned and walked back inside.

Leon entered, followed by Reina and Fruela. Reina closed the gate behind.

Inside was the same dim-lit chaos—tools scattered, glowing embers in the forge, and blades of all shapes lining the racks. A thick musk of smoke and sweat hung in the air.

Gerald plopped down on a rocking chair and grabbed a massive wooden mug of beer.

He pointed with the mug.

"That's the rack. One-handed, long, short, paired—whatever. Pick, pay and go away."

Leon nodded. "Go ahead and pick," he said as he turned to look at Fruela.

She hesitated, staring at him. "Why are you doing this ?"

Leon didn't blink. 'So that I can use you.'

'What's better than an angry dark elf who likes to kill humans ? Justin will need help in order to become the head of the weaver household and people will definitely die.

I won't kill them... I will get them killed using her.' Leon thought as countless ideas started to form in his mind.

"You want an explanation or daggers?" Leon said coldly. "Because you're only getting one."

Fruela stayed quiet. She turned and walked to the rack, her eyes scanning the weapons.

Gerald chuckled. "A slave, huh?"

"Yeah," Leon said with a neutral expression, watching her.

Gerald leaned back, sipping beer. "She's a strong one, kid. You're playing with fire. If that collar comes off, you'll have one hell of a problem."

Leon smirked. "I know."

Gerald raised an eyebrow but said nothing.

"So... how the hell do you make money being this grumpy?" Leon asked with a smile as he turned to look at Gerald.

"I don't," Gerald said flatly.

Leon stared. "Then how do you live?"

Gerald shrugged. "People like you show up sometimes. Same way you found me, others do too."

Leon's eyes narrowed. 'He's not wrong. Most people would've turned around the moment he opened his mouth. But those who know talent when they see it... they stay.'

Fruela's low voice broke the silence. "I want these."

Leon looked over.

She held a matched pair of sleek, dark purple daggers—curved just slightly, gleaming with a sharp, almost wicked elegance.

"How much?" Leon asked as he looked at Gerald.

Gerald squinted. "Those ? Ten silvers."

"What are they made of ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Metal from the western valleys of the Dwarf Kingdom. Rare. Won't snap unless you're trying to cleave a mountain."

Leon pulled out his pouch and counted out the coins.

"Here."

Gerald took the silver and dropped the pouch on his cluttered table. "Great. Now piss off. I've got a broken sword to fix."

Leon gave a half-smile.

"Come on," he said to Fruela and Reina.

The three of them stepped back out into the sun, the door to Dekken's Smithy slamming shut behind them.

*THUD*

"Let's go." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the wagon station.

Since the roads were filled with snow from last night's heavy storm, it was getting hard to walk around.

...

As soon as Leon reached in front of the wagon station... He noticed kai standing their with his bag of tools and he was looking around as if trying to find someone.

He slowly walked upto him and touched his shoulder from behind.

"Oi..." Leon spoke.

"What the-!? Why are you always sneaking up on me from behind ?" Kai asked with a confused expression.

"I like it." Leon replied with a smile.

"Where have you been ? I was waiting for you since this morning." Kai asked with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Yeah, I had some other things to do." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"So... Are we going to that place or not ? I have to complete that bathtub." Kai asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah, let's go." Leon spoke as he claimed inside the wagon with kai, Reina and Fruela. 1

"Where to ?" The wagon driver asked with a confused expression.

"Vinceral Forest..." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Okay."

*Stch*

The wagon started moving immediately and Leon pulled out a cloth from his pocket.

He then gave it to Kai.

"What ? Why aren't they blindfolded ?" Kai asked with a confused expression as he pointed towards Reina and Fruela.

"They are my slaves... You want to become one as well ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Give me the cloth please." Kai spoke as he took the cloth and binded it around his eyes.

'Hah... Tonight is going to be a long and bloody night.' Leon thought in his mind as he looked at Fruela.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152: Rest Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon, Kai, Reina, and Fruela stood before the dungeon’s entrance.

"Um... Can I take the blindfold off now?" Kai asked, his voice uncertain.

"Wait till we’re on the stairs. Then you can take it off," Leon said, a faint smile curling his lips.

"Alright..." Kai nodded. As they began descending, he reached up and slowly removed the blindfold.

"Phew... This place feels familiar, huh?" Kai chuckled, glancing at Leon.

"Get to work, Kai," Leon said flatly as he walked past him without even looking back.

"...What the hell’s up with him?" Kai mumbled under his breath.

---

Leon, Reina, and Fruela continued to the second floor, where hundreds of translucent green slimes bounced across the clean stone ground.

"Slimes...?" Reina muttered, crouching to poke one curiously.

"They don’t attack you, huh ?" Leon asked, eyeing the slimes suspiciously.

"Creatures born from nature don’t harm elves, Master," Reina said calmly as she started patting the slimes.

Leon turned to Fruela. "You can use your magic now. Freely. Of course, you still can’t kill me—not with that collar on your neck."

Fruela’s eyes widened as she felt mana rushing back into her veins like a long-lost part of her soul snapping back into place.

"Fuuu..." She let out a warm breath as she completed the mana flow in her body.

"Feeling good, huh ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Fruela.

"Why...? Are you planning to use me against your enemies ?" she asked sharply, her eyes narrowing.

"Would it be a problem if I did ?" Leon replied with a cold smile as he looked at Fruela.

"That’s why I hate you humans, always using others as you please and doing whatever you can in order to achieve power and money." Fruela hissed.

’Well... That’s the goal of every single being in this world.’ Leon thought with neutral expression

"Don’t worry, darling. You’ll be slaughtering humans with a smile soon enough." Leon took her hand, his other palm resting atop Reina’s head.

"Hmm...?" Reina immediately looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Take us to the last floor."

With a whisper of words, the three vanished from the second floor.

---

Last Floor,

*Swish*

They reappeared at the final floor’s entrance. Leon immediately released Fruela’s hand.

"T-Transportation magic...?" Reina asked, her voice low with awe.

"Yes, darling. Transportation magic ?" Leon said as he strolled toward the throne and dropped into it like a king returning to his seat.

"Leon... is that you?" a familiar voice called from the shadows.

"Yes, Olga," Leon replied with a smirk.

He glanced to his right—and there she was, sprinting toward him in all her naked glory.

*Boing-boing*

*Slap-slap-slap-slap*

Her massive tits bounced like mad, her fat ass clapping with every step, loud and obscene. It echoed like applause in the chamber.

"You came back! Yay!" Olga squealed. "Let’s fuck—shove that cock in my cum-dump pussy now!"

She skidded to a stop in front of him, spun around, bent over, and twerked like a bitch in heat. Her ass cheeks jiggled wildly, parting just enough to expose her dripping cunt—slick, needy, and throbbing for attention.

*Squirt*

On the entrance, Reina’s legs locked together. Her panties were soaked through. She clenched hard, fighting to control her leaking pussy.

’A-Am I a pervert? Why is my body acting like this...? Wait... Don’t tell me I want to do that too ?

No, No, I am not a pervert.’ She thought, flustered and humiliated, her eyes darting to Leon.

Leon chuckled darkly. "Normally, I’d be balls-deep in that perfect pussy already... but we’ve got company, sweetheart."

He shifted in his seat as his cock strained against his pants like a caged beast.

"Go get dressed, Olga." Leon ordered as he looked at Olga.

"Oh my god—really? You could’ve said that before I started the stupid butt-dance!" she gasped, finally realizing the others were watching. She scrambled to cover her tits and pussy with her hands, her cheeks flushed crimson.

"First of all, it was really good, later do it for me and tell me where you learned it.

And about them, well they’re right in front of the entrance. You didn’t see them?" Leon raised a brow with a smile.

"I-I was... looking at something else..." she mumbled, her eyes lowered in embarrassment as she hurried back to the corner.

"Disgusting," Fruela muttered under her breath.

"Show me," Leon said, his eyes on Fruela.

"What?" she snapped, startled.

"Your skills. Show me how fast you can—"

Before he could finish, she vanished.

*Swish*

A heartbeat later, she reappeared behind the throne, a dagger pointed inches from his hand. The air around her crackled with thick, suffocating bloodlust.

Leon smiled. "Well, well... Aren’t you fast?"

"You asked for it," she said, withdrawing the blade and returning to her position up front.

"How many of your group were mothers when you got captured ?" Leon asked, his eyes fixed on her.

"T-Ten..." Fruela answered immediately. The collar forced the truth from her lips.

’Ten Milfs... Now at least two of them have to be busty with huge boobs.’ Leon thought in his mind with a perverted smile.

"And how many floors are in this dungeon? You’re an assassin—you must have some kind of scanning skill, right ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Seven..." Fruela muttered after activating her ability.

"Good," Leon replied, satisfied.

*Swish*

Suddenly, A flash of blue light appeared in front of him.

Elis stepped forth, her form materializing with grace and precision.

"I greet my Master. Forgive my delay—I was refilling torches on each floor," she said with a bow.

"It’s fine, Elis," Leon said with a nod.

"Master, I sensed someone using a scanning skill on the dungeon."

"That was her. I gave the order, don’t worry." Leon replied.

"As you command," Elis said, bowing again.

"Rest up. We leave at sunset. Elis, make beds for our guests," Leon ordered with a smile as he looked at Fruela.

"Yes, Master." Elis raised her hands. Two solid stone beds rose from the ground for Fruela and Reina.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153: Destroy the Balls
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"...ter."

"...ster."

"Master."

*Blink-Blink*

Leon slowly opened his eyes and found Elis standing right in front of him.

"Hmm...?"

"Master, it's been five hours. You ordered me to wake you after five hours, should I wait another five hours ?" Elis asked, her voice flat and emotionless.

"Right..." Leon yawned and sat up on the throne, stretching his limbs tightly.

*Yaaawn*

'Fuckin' hell... I need to stop banging girls all night. My sleep schedule's screwed. Then again—fuck the schedule. I'd rather drown in MILFs than dreams any day.' Leon thought with a perverted smile.

'Maybe I should make a skill that protects me in my sleep... something passive, auto-trigger. That'd be neat.'

He looked around the room and spotted Fruela and Reina sleeping soundly on the cold stone beds.

"Wake up, Fruela. Time to kill some people," Leon said loudly as he looked at Fruela.

Fruela's eyes snapped open. She sat upright immediately, alert and sharp, her eyes fixed on him.

"What the hell ? You have got some sharp senses huh ?" Leon asked, noticing the intensity in her stare.

"I never told you my name and you just called me by my original name," she said, her tone quiet but tense.

"Yeah, I know. Crazy isn't it ?" Leon smiled as he looked at Fruela.

"How did you—?"

"Doesn't matter. Get your daggers, we are leaving" he interrupted, walking toward her.

"Mmm...? What's going on?" Reina stirred awake, rubbing her eyes. She blinked at the sight of Leon and Fruela ready to leave.

"Keep sleeping. We'll be back soon. If you want something to eat, Olga will help you." Leon reached out, grabbed Fruela's wrist—

*Swish*

And both of them vanished into thin air.

"...Okay..." Reina muttered groggily and curled back on the stone bed.

---

First Floor, Dungeon

*Swish*

Leon and Fruela reappeared at the edge of the first floor. Both of them started walking toward the exit.

*Tuk-Tuk-Tuk-Tuk*

The rhythmic pounding of a hammer echoed through the dungeon. A chisel against wood, repeating again and again.

As they neared the exit, Leon spotted a large circular wooden bathtub set near the wall. Kai was crouched beside it, working meticulously.

"Is it done?" Leon asked from behind, his tone casual.

"Fuck, man!" Kai jumped, startled. "You've got to stop sneaking up like that. You are going to give me a damn heart attack."

"What are you so afraid of?" Leon asked with a smile.

Kai looked up, wide-eyed. "Let's see... I'm inside a dungeon, surrounded by slime monsters just one floor below me ?"

"I already told you—they won't touch you unless you disturb them." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yeah, well, my grandpa said the same about forest wolves. Got eaten by one in front of my damn eyes... So don't tell me that." Kai replied with a serious expression.

Leon smirked. "Fair enough. Is the tub ready

"Still carving out the final designs . Then I'll polish it. Might take me another three hours—probably sleeping here tonight." Kai replied as he pointed towards one of the designs on the tub.

"What about your family ? Won't they ask if you didn't go back ?" Leon asked, raising a brow.

"Already told them I'm on a trade trip to the beastkin kingdom. They won't worry." Kai replied with a neutral expression.

"You're a carpenter. Who the fuck believes that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Kai.

"My wife and kids. They think business is booming... that I'm making good money every month." Kai spoke with a disappointed and sad expression.

Leon's expression shifted slightly. "You've taken loans, didn't you ?"

Kai looked away, ashamed.

"Yeah... three silvers. Shop's been dead for months. I'm barely hanging on, that's one of the reason why I took this job." He replied with a sad expression.

Without a word, Leon reached into his coat and tossed him a pouch.

Kai caught it.

Clink.

He opened it—and froze.

"Wh—HOLY SHIT?! T-This is-"

"Ten silvers. Consider it advance payment. You'll be making more things for me soon." Leon replied with a smile.

Kai stared, stunned. "You... sure about this ? What if I run off with it ?"

Leon gestured toward Fruela. "You see this dark beauty? If you vanish, she'll track you, gut you, and burn your house down with your kids inside. So don't even think about it.

But you are an intelligent man."

Kai nodded so fast it almost broke his neck. "I-I can't thank you enough, Mr. Leon! I swear I'll give you my best. This bathtub will tell you what I am talking about."

"Good. If you get hungry, head to floor seven. Olga will give you something to eat." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

Kai blinked.

"...Wait. There are seven floors in this dungeon ?" He asked with a confused expression.

Leon didn't answer. He and Fruela had already turned and begun walking up the stairs.

---

Forest Exit

*Swishhh*

'Looks like it's about to snow again tonight.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

The cold wind greeted them as they exited the forest. Leon immediately spotted a wagon approaching from the village's direction.

He raised his hand. The driver saw him and stopped immediately.

"Where to?" the driver asked with a polite smile.

"Fucking hell..." a man inside the wagon muttered the moment he saw Fruela.

"Shit, it's a slave. And a dark elf, no less," a woman beside him sneered with a disgusted expression.

"Hey, driver! Don't let those freaks in! I'll pay you an extra copper!" A young man called from the back, grinning mockingly at Leon.

The driver hesitated. He looked at Leon as if gauging the situation.

Leon smiled and pulled out a small pouch. "I'll give you ten coppers if you kick all three of them out and take only us."

The driver's smile widened as he immediately stepped down and walked upto the backside of the wagon.

"Alright, fellas. Time to get out. I have got a family to feed."

"W-What?" the man stammered with a confused expression as he looked at the wagon driver.

"You can't just throw us out! It's cold—we'll freeze out there! Just because this brat is paying you more money, you can't do that to us." the woman protested with an angry expression.

"Sure I can. It's my wagon. Unless you've got ten coppers, I'm with the rich kid." The wagon driver replied with a smile as he looked at the woman.

The young man jumped out from the back, sword in hand. "Alright, you little shit. Since you've got so much money, how about a donation ?"

Leon didn't flinch. "Oh, we're pulling weapons now?"

"Yeah. You and that freak slave are going to hand over the pouch, and then get lost." The guy spoke with a smile as he pointed his sword at Leon.

"Rick, don't—" the older man started, but the woman interrupted him.

"Shut it! Our boy's going to teach this brat a lesson. Rick! Make your mama proud!" The woman spoke with a wide smile as she looked at her son holding the sword.

"Yes, Mom." Rick grinned and stepped forward, holding his sword tightly.

Leon turned his head slightly. "Darling... Show him how it's done. But don't kill him. And don't use your dagg—"

*Crack*

Fruela's foot slammed into Rick's groin.

"F-FUCK—!"

*Clang*

The sword hit the ground. Rick doubled over, face red, gasping in agony, not a single word escaping his mouth.

Before Leon could even blink, Fruela followed up with a slap.

*SLAP*

Rick hit the dirt hard.

*Thud*

He went nconscious immediately. White foam leaked from his mouth.

"Rick! My son!" the mother screamed in fear.

"Rick?! Are you okay?!"

Both parents scrambled out of the wagon, rushing to his side.

Leon just stared at them.

"...Holy shit. She really fucked him up." He spoke in a low whisper.

"He'll wakeup in three hours," Fruela said casually as she looked at her parents.

"You bitch... What have you done to him ?" The woman asked with a serious expression.

"Don't shout... Or I will do the same to you." Fruela spoke as her eyes shined brightly pink.

Leon looked at Rick again with a sympathetic expression. 'Gerald was right. If her collar ever comes off... she'll fucking annihilate everything in her path. This kid... he's never going to be a father. Poor motherfucker.'

'I can control her but for some reason, I don't feel like controlling her actions. She can be a really useful tool for me in the future.' Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at Fruela.

"So... uh... where to ? A storm is brewing, I don't want to be stuck here." the driver asked nervously, already back on his seat.

"Golden Slave Traders, take us there." Leon said as he stepped into the wagon.

Fruela froze. Her eyes widened, confused. She had no idea what Leon was planning but she followed him into the wagon.

"J-Just to confirm... No pressure. Am I still getting paid ten coppers ? I-I don't mind taking the regular fee o-or even no fee is fine." The wagon driver spoke with a hesitated expression.

"Just drive..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154: Western District
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Western District—infamous for its brothels, slave trading firms, and every kind of black business you could think of.

Despite its reputation, it was one of the highest tax-paying, most profitable districts in the entire human kingdom.

*Screech*

The wagon came to a sudden stop in front of the district's massive iron gate.

"I'm sorry, sir. But... I can't go any further from this point," the driver said, his voice cautious as he looked at Leon.

"Why ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at the wagon

"I've got a wife and three kids. If I go in there, I'm afraid... I won't come out the same man," the driver replied, uneasily.

"Fair enough," Leon said with a chuckle as he hopped down from the carriage. Fruela followed silently behind.

"Here's your money." Leon handed over ten copper coins to him.

"Thank you, sir." The driver gave a grateful nod before turning the wagon around and leaving without another word.

"So... this is the Western District, huh?" Leon muttered with a faint grin as he looked at the tall, decorated gate. Beyond it, the streets were drenched in light—glowing lanterns, colorful signs, an overwhelming sense of temptation and smell of aphrodisiac scented candles.

"I hate this place," Fruela muttered, her voice laced with anger as her red eyes scanned the glowing street.

"Control your anger, darling. If you let your anger take over, you focus will get fucked." Leon said calmly as he stepped through the gate.

Prostitutes lined the roofs, the doors, and even the streets—every brothel putting their merchandise on full display, each girl trying to lure in customers with practiced smiles and exposed skin.

There weren't only human prostitutes but every kind, Elfs, Dwarves, Foxkins, Beastkins and many more.

Then, a human girl about Leon's age approached him—pretty face, heavy makeup, wearing barely anything.

"Hello, gentleman," she said, eyes half-lidded. "Want to take these clothes off me for just five coppers for ten minutes."

'My foreplay is more than that.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"No, but can you tell me—" Leon began, but she walked away mid-sentence, already flirting with another man.

'Well, that was rude, but she is a prostitute at last.' Leon thought, slightly amused.

*Tug*

Suddenly, he felt a small tug on his pants. Looking down, he saw a young boy holding a wooden crate stacked with cigar boxes.

"Sir, would you like to buy some freshly made cigars? These are usually only for nobles, but I'll give you a good deal on them," the boy said, hopeful.

"Oh? Cigars, huh. How much for one?" Leon asked with a grin.

"T-Two coppers..." the boy said hesitantly.

"Give me ten." Leon pulled out twenty coppers and handed them over without a second thought.

"R-Really?" The boy beamed, quickly passing over a neat wooden box containing ten cigars and started walking away.

'I've been craving a smoke for days and it walked upto me automatically, what's better than this ?' Leon thought with a smile as he pulled one cigar out.

He tapped it and used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Cigar]

[Type: Consumable]

[Rank: Common]

[Description: A smoking item that can release tension in the mind for a short time. Considered a luxury by nobles. May harm the lungs.]

'Bad for the lungs, huh? Well, I've got Adaptive Body... I doubt it'll affect me,' Leon mused.

"Oi, kid," he called out.

The boy rushed back with a confused expression.

"Yes, sir?"

"You got anything I can use to light this?"

"Ah, yes! Just a second—here!" the boy said, pulling out a small parchment from beneath his cigar boxes and handing it over.

"What's this?" Leon asked, examining the small paper with a tiny magic circle drawn on it.

"It's a fire spell, sir. Tear it, and you'll learn it!" the boy explained with a smile.

"A spell?" Leon raised a brow, then tore the paper without hesitation.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Lighter} successfully.]

[Name: Lighter]

[Rank: F]

[Description: Produces a small flame on the user's fingertip.]

[Mana Cost: 5 MP]

[Cooldown: None]

"Now just hold your fingertip up to the cigar and use the spell, sir!" the boy encouraged.

Leon placed the cigar between his lips, held up his index finger, and activated the skill.

'Lighter.'

*Bop*

A small, hovering blue flame burst to life on his fingertip, igniting the cigar in seconds.

"Huh...?" the boy stared in awe at the odd-colored flame.

"Well, isn't this convenient. Thanks, kid." Leon took a puff, smoke curling out from his mouth as he turned and continued walking.

"Was that a blue flame...?" the kid muttered, with a confused expression as he walked away.

...

"Come here, kid! I'll show you a good time!"

"No, no, come here instead!"

"Hey, gentleman! Want to strip me down ?"

...

Every brothel Leon passed threw waves of propositions his way—girls young and old, some even offering him money to sleep with them.

After a few more blocks, he finally reached his destination.

The building wasn't too big or too small, but it stood out. A large golden-lettered sign loomed above:

THE GOLDEN SLAVE TRADERS

*Puff*

*Pshhh*

Leon exhaled smoke as he eyed the place.

Two massive guards stood at the gate—lizardmen, not humans. Towering bodies covered in scales, gripping heavy metal spears in both hands and they had slave collars in their necks.

Leon immediately used his skill on the guards.

<Inspect>

[Name: Kol]

[Class: Spearman]

[Race: Lizardman]

[Level: 21]

[HP: 30,000 / 30,000]

[MP: 15,000 / 15,000]

[Description: Lizardmen are renowned for their exceptional physical strength and natural resilience. Their bodies are protected by dense, durable scales that offer powerful defense against physical attacks. As a Spearman, Kol combines raw brute force with precision, making him a formidable frontline warrior.]

'Lizardmen... Huh.' Leon thought with a smile as he walked upto the gate.

Suddenly, both of them crossed their spears as they looked at Leon.

"What's your buisness here ?" Both of them asked with a serious expression.

'Well... Time to act cocky.' Leon thought in his mind.

"I want to buy another one like her." He spoke with a smile as he released smoke on their faces.

*Pshhh*

The guards looked at him for a moment then removed the spears and bowed down to him.

"We are sorry, Sir. Welcome..." They spoke, letting Leon enter inside the house at once.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155: Slave Trader
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon stepped inside the slave trading firm, a sweet, intoxicating scent filled his senses.

"Welcome, sir," a soft voice greeted him.

A young, strikingly attractive girl approached with a smile, her short red dress clinging tightly to her curves.

"Hi," Leon replied casually, returning the smile as his eyes swept over her.

"Are you here to buy a slave, sir? Or sell one?" she asked, her gaze drifting briefly to Fruela.

Fruela's expression turned cold instantly, shooting the girl a hateful glare.

"I'm here to buy," Leon said, still smiling. "And not just any slave—I want the most expensive ones you've got. Females, of course."

"O-Oh... Th-that—" she stammered, but before she could finish, a voice rang out behind her.

"Jennifer... I think I'll take it from here. Why don't you go and deal with other customers ?" said a man descending the staircase.

He looked to be in his forties, sharply dressed in a crimson suit. In his hand, he carried a sleek cane with a wolf's head carved into its handle.

"Y-Yes, Sir." Jennifer spoke as she immediately walked away.

'Jackpot,' Leon thought, smiling as he activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Richard Henson]

[Class: Slave Trader]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 10,000 / 10,000]

[MP: 5,000 / 5,000]

[Description: Richard comes from a long bloodline of slave traders. His father, grandfather, and even great-grandfather worked as the proud owner of Golden Slave Trading Firm. He views slaves solely as profit-generating commodities. Skilled in crafting slave contracts and collars.]

'Well… that's an interesting class,' Leon mused, smirking.

"Please, follow me to the V.I.P. room, sir...?" Richard asked for his name with a practiced smile.

"Rubin," Leon replied with a smile.

"Ah, Mr. Rubin. This way, please," Richard gestured with his cane toward a side door.

"Sure," Leon said, nodding as he, Fruela, and Richard walked toward the private room.

---

Inside the V.I.P. Room

The room was spacious and elegantly furnished—gilded walls, plush carpet, and three oversized couches that looked as if they'd swallowed kings.

Richard took a seat, but Leon remained standing.

"Please, have a seat. Let's discuss the type of slaves you're looking to purchase," Richard offered. "We have such a vast inventory that sometimes even I forget what's in the vault—"

"Dark Elves," Leon interrupted, his voice calm and deliberate. He walked toward the window, staring out with a subtle smile, both of his hands inside his pocket.

"Ah... Excellent taste," Richard said, adjusting his posture. "Unfortunately, Dark Elves are only sold through private auctions. Very exclusive, very high-end. Judging by the one you're traveling with—and how well she's dressed—I'd say you've developed quite the appreciation for the product."

He gave a sly smile. "You'll need to return for tomorrow's auction, though—"

"I have a very profitable, one-time deal for you, Mr. Richard Henson," Leon cut in, still facing the window.

He reached into his pocket, pulled out a cigar, placed it between his lips, and raised a finger to its tip.

"Lighter."

*Boop*

A sharp, blue flame sparked from his fingertip, igniting the cigar with a soft hiss.

*Puff*

"A deal for me ? Well, I will be more than intrested in listening to this deal. Please tell me." Richard asked with a smile as he placed one leg over the other and looked at Leon.

"Release all the dark Elfs you have caught in the forest this morning." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he released smoke into the room.

"Oh and what can I get from this sweet deal ?" Richard asked with a smile.

"Your Life." Leon replied with a smile as he turned around and Fruela immediately pulled out her blades.

"Well... Those are some nice toys you have bought for your slave but I don't think it will be a good time and place to joke about such things, Mr. Rubin." Richard spoke as the smile disappeared from his face and he immediately stood up from the couch.

"Oh... Look at her face. Do you think she is joking ?" Leon asked with a smile as he pointed towards Fruela.

"You are a human, how can you take the Elf's side ?" Richard asked with a serious expression.

"I am not taking sides, Richard. I am just giving you a chance to correct what you have done." Leon spoke with a cold smile as he placed the cigar down inside the ashtray.

"They are my products... I have captured them. I can now sell them however I want. You have no right to tell me what to do with my product.

What do you think ? You are first ones doing this ? I will now call the guards in and both of you will be lying dead on the floor. GUARDS." Richard shouted loudly as he pointed his cane towards Leon.

*step-step-step-step-step*

Leon slowly turned to look at Fruela.

"Three... Humans." Fruela spoke with a serious expression as she tightened her grip over the daggers.

"Well... You are free to do whatever you want with them." Leon spoke with a smile.

*Swish*

Suddenly, Fruela disappeared into thin air.

*Click*

*Thud*

Suddenly, Three men armed with daggers, swords entered inside room. One of them was holding a morning-star in his hand and he was also wearing a black mask on his face.

One of them was wearing a black mask on his face.

All they saw was Richard pointing his cane towards Leon and all three of them ran towards him.

*Swish-Swish-Swish*

Suddenly, All three of them stopped mid-way as a thin red line appeared over their necks.

Slowly blood flowed out of their necks and eventually their heads rolled down on the ground.

*Thud-Thud-Thud*

"W-What !?" Richard looked at their fallen heads and noticed that someone is standing behind him.

He slowly rotated his neck and noticed Fruela standing right behind him pointing her dagger at his neck.

The blade's tip slowly piercing into his neck a single drop of blood coming out of it.

"W-Wait... P-Please, I-I will release them." Richard spoke with a scared expression.

"You have seen my face Richard... How can I trust you that you won't tell the royal guards about me ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Richard.

"I-I won't... I-I swear on my life." Richard spoke with a scared expression.

"Well, you just lied and since you swore on your life..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he gave him a cold stare.

*Stab*

Fruela immediately stabbed the dagger all the through Richard's neck, killing him in one swift motion.

*Thud*

His corpse hitted the ground and blood poured out like water.

"Hah... Time for Plan B." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he walked upto the room's door and noticed that the girl from earlier is still standing outside.

"Umm... Jennifer, can you come in here for a moment ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at her.

"Oh, sure." Jennifer replied as she immediately started walking towards the room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156: Keyholes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Creak*

"How can I hel—" before Jennifer could finish her sentence, Fruela yanked her into the room and clamped a hand tightly over her mouth.

Her eyes widened in terror the moment she saw the bloodied corpses scattered across the floor. Her breathing quickened. Her legs trembled. She tried to scream, but the sound was muffled.

"Mnnnnfff! MNNNNNNFF!"

The desperate cries were useless under Fruela's palm.

Jennifer's gaze darted around in panic until it landed on Leon—calmly standing by the window, puffing on a cigar with a completely indifferent look on his face.

*Puff*

Outside, snow had begun to fall.

'It's snowing already... I need to be home before both of them get worried. I have to get done with this fast,' Leon thought as he exhaled smoke and turned his gaze toward Jennifer.

She was drenched in sweat despite the cold air, her body was shaking like a leaf caught in a blizzard.

"For the next one minute," Leon said, walking toward her, "I want you to listen very carefully to the words coming out of my mouth, Jennifer."

He placed the cigar back in the ashtray and looked her dead in the eyes.

"If you miss even a single word... you might end up on the floor like the others. Do you understand, Jennifer ?"

*Nod-nod-nod*

Jennifer nodded frantically, tears spilling from her eyes. Her mascara ran in dark streams down her cheeks.

"Good," Leon said. "Now, I'm going to assume you're a good girl— just working in this fucked-up place for some financial reason.

You're also smart enough to realize that when my little elf slave here removes her hand from your mouth, you won't scream or shout for help... Right ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at her.

*Nod-nod-nod*

She immediately nodded once again without wasting another second.

"Good..." Leon spoke as he looked at Fruela, who slowly removed her hand from Jennifer's mouth.

"Jennifer, your boss caught a large group of dark elves this morning, didn't he ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Y-Yes..." she whispered, her eyes still glued to the blood covered bodies on the floor.

"Perfect. Now how about you take me to them—and in exchange, I will let you live." Leon spoke.

"Y-Yes... T-They're in the basement..." she stammered, her voice cracking.

"Good. Then be a dear and lead the way." Leon spoke with a smile.

"T-The keys... they're on M-Mr. Richard, H-He always keeps them i-in his pocket." she said, pointing a shaking finger at Richard's corpse.

"Darling," Leon turned to Fruela, "fetch them for me."

Without hesitation, Fruela walked over, dug into the dead man's coat, and pulled out two iron keys. She handed them to Leon silently.

"Well then," he said with a smile, "let's not waste any time, right Jennifer ?"

"Y-Yes..." Jennifer said quickly and turned toward the silent hallway, leading them toward the basement stairwell.

Leon followed with Fruela by his side. As they entered the next room, Leon pulled the Nyxter from his inventory and kept it in hand—just in case.

The room had a trapdoor embedded in the floor—a heavy metal hatch with five different keyholes in it.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "Only two keys... but five locks?"

Jennifer looked terrified. "I-I was never allowed to go down there... M-Mr. Richard always brought the slaves up. He told me about this door though. H-He said if someone places a key in the wrong hole, poisonous gas will be released... and everyone down there will die."

"Looking at your facial expressions, I can safely say that he never told you which one is the right keyhole, right ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Jennifer.

"Y-Yes..." Jennifer replied with a scared expression.

Leon then turned to look at Fruela.

"I can only sense a bottle attached to the gate, nothing else." Fruela replied with a neutral expression.

"Very well, Glitch Point." Leon spoke in a low voice as he activated the skill.

<Glitch Point>

The skill came into effect immediately. Five of the six keyholes turned red.

"That one," Leon said, pointing to the upper-right keyhole.

"H-How do you know?" Fruela asked, her voice tight with concern.

"I'm guessing," Leon said casually.

"W-What?!" Fruela snapped, her eyes wide with panic.

"Place the key in Jennifer," Leon ordered.

"Y-Yes..." Jennifer nodded and slowly inserted the key into the instructed keyhole.

"There are children down there. If they die—this is all for nothing!" Fruela's voice was strained, barely holding back emotion.

"Turn it," Leon said calmly as he ignored Fruela.

"Y-Yes..." Jennifer twisted the key and Fruela immediately closed her eyes as she started praying.

*Click*

Fruela's eyes snapped open as soon as she heard the clicking sound.

"I-It's open," Jennifer whispered, her voice full of disbelief.

She lifted the hatch. The door creaked open without resistance.

"H-How did you—" Fruela began.

"Lady Luck," Leon said with a grin. "Sometimes she just loves me."

Fruela immediately descended the stairs with a confused expression on her face.

Leon gestured to Jennifer, ordering her to go down before him.

She obeyed without hesitation and went down the stairs.

As Leon stepped onto the stairs, something caught his eye.

Attached to the trapdoor's internal mechanism were several vials filled with a faintly glowing purple liquid.

He immediately used his skill on one of them.

<Inspect>

[Name: Auqalic]

[Type: Poison]

[Rank: C]

[Description: Auqalic is a dangerous airborne toxin capable of erasing all life in an enclosed space within seconds. It fully dissolves in air after three hours.

Mostly used in sleeping assassination and camp wipe outs.]

Leon whistled softly. "Well, that's a nasty little poison."

With delicate care, he removed the vials of Auqalic posion from the trigger assembly and slid it into his inventory.

"This will come handy in future." Leon thought with a smile as he walked down the stairs and noticed that the basement was huge with multiple cages and jails to keep the slaves in.

But the odd thing was that, most of the cells were empty.

"Why are they empty ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Jennifer.

"I-It's month's end... Maximum slaves have been sold off and the rest were supposed to be sold off to another slave trading firm by tomorrow morning." Jennifer replied as she continued to walk forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157: Master, Oh Master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, where are the Dark Elves?" Leon asked, his voice calm and unreadable as he glanced at Jennifer.

"At the end of the hall," she replied quietly, continuing forward.

As they walked deeper into the corridor, faint voices echoed from the end. The sound grew clearer with each step.

Suddenly, Leon spotted Fruela clinging tightly to another dark elf woman through the iron bars of a cell. The girl wore the same rice sack outfit Fruela had been given, when she met Leon.

"When they came in," Leon asked, his brows furrowed, "were they all dressed like that, Jennifer ?"

"N-No Sir," Jennifer replied, glancing nervously at him. "Their original clothes are in the dressing room upstairs, but Mr. Richard didn't allow them to keep anything enchanted.

They were stripped of all belongings—rings, necklaces, even nose rings and their clothes, since they were all enchanted with magic."

"I see..." Leon ordered flatly. "Open the lock then."

"Y-Yes." Jennifer rushed forward and inserted the other key into the keyhole, opening the lock.

*Click*

The gate creaked open. At once, nearly ten dark elf women rushed out, surrounding Fruela in a tight embrace, crying softly, clutching her like she is a long lost relative.

*Boop*

Leon lit another cigar and exhaled slowly, watching the warm reunion unfold in front of his eyes without much emotion.

"Where are the children ?" Fruela asked one of the the other girl, concern deep in her voice.

"T-They're kept in another cell," Jennifer murmured in a low voice as she looked at Fruela.

"H-Humans..." One of the elves flinched, and the others immediately hid behind Fruela and one other girl.

'Is she their leader or what and who is this other girl ?' Leon thought, his eyes narrowing as he took a puff.

*Puff*

*Psshhh*

"Don't worry. They're... Good," Fruela said softly, her eyes briefly meeting Leon's.

"Jennifer. Go and release the children," Leon ordered as he looked at her.

"Y-Yes," she said quickly, moving south down the corridor.

"Fruela... a-are you working with this human?" one of the elves asked with a serious expression and worry in her eyes.

"I'm his slave, he bought me from that fat human who bought me in the auction," Fruela replied plainly as she looked at her.

"I-I don't understand... why is he helping you?" the girl asked again, her voice trembling with disbelief.

"I don't know either," Fruela said, glancing back at Leon. "But right now, that doesn't matter. I need to get you all to safety."

Suddenly—

"Mommm!"

"Mommy!"

"MOM!!"

A chorus of young voices rang through the hallway.

Thirteen children sprinted down toward the women, tears running down their cheeks as they hurled themselves into their mothers' arms—except Fruela and one more woman who stood silently besides her, watching.

Leon exhaled smoke again, scanning the group with a confused expression.

*Puff*

"You don't have any males in your group?" he asked casually, releasing the smoke from his mouth.

"All the males died... protecting the kingdom from you humans," another elf girl spat, hatred glowing in her eyes as she looked at Leon.

"Guren, control yourself," Fruela snapped sharply. "He is not the enemy. If it weren't for him, you'd all be getting sold off to humans—and I'd be getting raped by that fat bastard right now. So, you will show respect to him."

"I-I understand... I-I am sorry, sir," Guren said quickly, bowing her head a little.

Leon didn't respond. He simply stared at the rising smoke, lost in thought.

Then, Fruela stepped forward.

She lowered herself onto one knee before Leon and bowed her head.

"Master... please help us," she said quietly, desperation flickering in her voice.

The other elves looked at her in confusion as if trying to figure out why she was bowing down to Leon.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "What kind of help do you want ?"

"My people have no males, no supplies, and we don't want to return to the forest. We won't survive on our own. Please, let us live in your dungeon until I find shelter for them.

In return, I, Fruela—daughter of Ralf and Eria—swear my loyalty to you. If danger comes your way, I will face it, even if it costs me my life."

As she spoke, a soft glow lit up her chest and traveled to her lips.

'A heart contract... She just pledged her soul to me. Even better than I planned, A master and subordinate contract.' Leon thought, silently pleased.

Then Fruela took Leon's hand, brought it to her lips, and...

*Chuuu*

...kissed it slightly.

The contract was sealed at the moment.

"Very well. You won't be needing this anymore," Leon said, pulling out her slave contract from his pocket. Without hesitation, he tore it in two.

*Teeeeaar*

*Click*

*Thud*

As soon as the slave contract was torn apart. The slave collar around Fruela's neck unlocked and hit the floor. She smiled as she looked at Leon.

"FRUELA! What have you done?" Guren shouted, running up to her.

"I did what I thought was right, Guren. And you will not raise your voice in front of my master," Fruela said firmly, glaring at her with a serious expression.

"W-What?" Guren gasped as she couldn't understand what was going on.

"As Father always said... I had to choose. And I've chosen this man—to serve until death." Fruela replied without thinking.

"But he's not royal blood... not even a dark elf!" Guren protested.

"It doesn't matter. The contract is sealed, you will have to accept this." Fruela said flatly.

Leon stepped forward, flicking the burnt cigar aside.

"Ladies, you can argue later. We need to get out of here and if you want to move them to the dungeon, well... there will be guards on the exit gate of the kingdom and there is a chance that people will see us in such a big group."

"Yes, Master." Fruela bowed once again.

"Jennifer," Leon asked, "when does the Western District close?"

"I-It should be closed by now... B-But as you said, if so many elves leave at once, they'll definitely be seen,

And the heavy snow outside will make it difficult for the children to walk." Jennifer replied nervously.

"I can get you out of here." A voice echoed from the nearby cell.

Everyone turned.

[Author: I would like to thank this week's highest donater Jasper_sloan55 for the donation.

Since it was a big donation, I will be mass releasing 4-5 chapters tomorrow as a bonus. Thank you guys. Have fun reading.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158: Rees Krambelbar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I can get you out of here," a voice echoed from another cell.

Everyone turned to the right. A shadowy figure cloaked entirely in black sat motionless inside. No face, no hands, no legs—nothing was visible beneath the fabric.

Without hesitation, Leon activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Rees Krambelbar]

[Class: Magi]

[Race: Lich]

[Level: 97]

[HP: -1 /970000]

[MP: 0 / 485000]

[Description: Rees Krambelbar, once a noble who craved for knowledge but as his age closed in on him, he found the best way to continue his research and studies.

He became a Lich, an undead who holds terrifying powers, enormous amount of knowledge and thirst to know more about the world.

But being seprated from his necroheart Rees was left powerless as he can't collect mana without it and when he was searching for it, Richard found him and enslaved him.]

"An undead, huh ?" Leon muttered, smirking.

"Huh ? You can tell ?" the figure responded curiously, rising and stepping forward.

As Rees stepped into the light, even Leon flinched slightly. A white skeleton, draped in black robes, with three glowing red eyes—one in the center of his forehead.

Although the eyes looked more like red orbs just floating in his skull.

"Fucking hell..." Leon murmured under his breath.

"People usually react like that," Rees said calmly. "But you're holding your composure well. Not scared of the undead ?

Any specific reasons for that ?" He asked.

"I've seen worse," Leon replied with a grin.

'In movies and mangas, I have seen things like him so much that I only felt a little surprised when I first saw him but now I don't feel much. It's a magical world after all and undead beings here is not a new thing.' he added in his mind.

"So… how do you plan to get us out of here ? And what do you want in return ? Freedom ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"I overheard your conversation that you were having with this dark elf girl. You mentioned 'Your Dungeon'. Did I hear that right?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"You did... What about it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"A dungeon you're hiding in or did you just cleared it's first floor and taking shelter in it or—?"

"I own it, save your argument for another day." Leon cut in flatly.

'He will still argue about it. I am one thousand percent sure.' Leon thought in his mind and...

"T-That's impossible. To own a dungeon, you need to bind with the core. To do that, you have to be—"

"A monster ?" Leon asked with a smile as he cut him mid sentence once again.

"Yes." Rees replied as he looked at Leon.

"Not necessarily. I bound with it as a human. Now, what's your angle ? And how do you plan to help us ?" Leon asked with a straight face.

"When I looked at you… I saw knowledge. You're hiding it well, but it's there in your mind, I can tell the face of a scholar.

That's why your eyes weren't filled with fear when you saw me, because religious people most often referred to me as the work of devil and always ran away from me." Rees said as he looked at Leon.

"You are a walking skeleton... What do you expect ? Now get to the point." Leon replied with a flat expression.

"Let me stay in your dungeon. Just for a while, until I find what's mine. In that time, we can trade knowledge. I know almost every dark art, and I can teach you things that'll crush your enemies. What do you say ?" Rees asked his voice laced with greed.

Leon grinned. "How do I trust you?"

"W-What?"

"Your words are a bit too sweet. And since you're without your necroheart, you're powerless. Why should I even bother with you in the first place ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"H-How do you—how do you know about the necroheart ?" Rees stammered as he looked at Leon.

"See, You were hiding things from me. I don't think I can trust you. So maybe I'll just leave you here to rot—" Leon started speaking but Rees immediately interrupted him.

"W-Wait!" Rees panicked.

"I was captured while searching for materials to craft a new necroheart in the Vincerel Forest since my old one got stolen while I was working in my dungeon. If I stay here, I'll run out of soul essence soon and die.

Help me, and I'll give you every last piece of knowledge I know about dark arts and this world!" Rees spoke as he offered another deal to Leon, this time desperation clear in his voice.

'He broke that fast... pathetic liar,' Leon thought in his mind as he looked at Rees.

"Hmm… hard to decide. What if you tried to-" Before Leon could've completed his sentence, Rees interrupted him.

"Take this," Rees said quickly. He reached up and removed the glowing red orb from his forehead, holding it out.

Leon narrowed his eyes and casted his skill on it...

<Inspect>

[Name: Life Essence Crystal]

[Rank: B]

[Description: Found in high-level intelligent undead, this crystal stores life force and preserves the user's sanity.

Once bound, it becomes the undead's core lifeline. Any damage to it causes severe, irreversible harm. An undead can possess upto five of them but as they are connected to each other, even if one of them get's destroyed the undead will suffer near death pain and maybe even loose his sanity.]

[Bound to: Rees Krambelbar]

[Life Force: 7 Days]

"It's a life essence crystal—"

"That stores your life force, yeah. Only seven days left, huh ?" Leon said, smirking.

"H-How do you know that?! Only I should know that!" Rees gasped with a confused and worried expression as he hesitated now.

Leon took the orb out of his hand immediately and slipped it into his inventory.

"Jennifer, open the cell." He ordered.

'He might be useless now, but can be useful in future and he has information on dark arts. I will just give him some floor on the dungeon.' Leon thought with a smile.

"Y-Yes..." she stammered, unlocking the gate.

*Click*

Rees stepped out. The elves and children clung to each other in sheer terror—some even crying, trembling, others hiding behind their mothers. Only Leon remained calm, unfazed.

"So," Leon said, "that plan to get us out of here you mentioned—was that a lie too, or…?"

"N-No, it's real. I know a teleportation spell. But..." Rees trailed off, placing his bony hand over his skull. "There's a small problem."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159: The Magic Circle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What kind of problem?" Leon asked, suspicion written across his face as he narrowed his eyes at Rees.

"Umm... you see," Rees began, rubbing the side of his skull. "The teleportation spell I intend to use... it consumes a massive amount of mana. On both ends."

"Both ends?" Leon repeated with a confused look. "What do you mean?"

"Aha... well, that’s another part of the issue," Rees said with a nervous chuckle. "This spell works using two magic circles—one drawn where we are now, and one drawn at the destination where we want to teleport."

Leon crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow. "Something tells me the problems aren’t over yet."

"T-There might be... one last, very, very small issue," Rees said sheepishly.

Leon’s voice sharpened. "What is it?"

"If mana isn’t supplied to both circles at the exact same time... the spell fails. There’s only a one-second window to ignite both circles and if-"

"...And if it’s not done simultaneously, it won’t work," Leon finished the sentence with a sigh.

’These aren’t just problems—they’re conditions we have to fulfill in order to use the motherfucking spell,’ he thought, now wearing a serious expression.

"I can draw the circle here," Rees continued, "but I can’t feed mana into it. If all of these elves supply mana at once, it should be enough to activate this side."

"And the other side?" Leon asked, gaze unblinking.

"That’s the problem, Someone has to supply mana to the second circle as well. Simultaneously." Rees said as he looked at Leon.

"Does the spell require a continuous mana stream or a burst mana supply ?" Leon asked.

"A burst mana supply," Rees answered immediately. "Once both circles are hit with a mana burst, a spatial connection is formed, and everything standing inside the circle is transported to the other location. Poof~"

Leon nodded, thinking. "Looks like most of your problems are solved then."

’I am sure Elis can easily fullfill the mana needed in this and since I am also Level ten now... I can recover her mana much faster now.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Can they supply mana from this side ?" He asked Fruela, pointing towards the Elfs.

"Yes, Master, but their mana has been sealed by those magic restraint bands around their ankles," Fruela replied, pointing at Guren’s leg.

A thick yellow band clamped tightly around her ankle, faintly glowing with runes.

"The more we struggle in removing it, the tighter it gets," Guren said, her voice calm but tinged with frustration.

"Umm... could you show me your leg for a moment ?" Rees asked as he raised his bony index finger.

"I-I don’t think—" Guren hesitated, shrinking back.

Fruela placed a gentle hand on her shoulder and gave her a small nod.

Reluctantly, Guren stepped forward and showed the band to Rees.

He crouched down and began tapping it with his finger in specific patterns.

*Tap-Tap-Tap-Tap-Tap*

*Click*

*Thud*

In just a few seconds, the band loosened and dropped to the floor with a dull thud.

"How did you—!?" Guren stared at the band in disbelief.

"Every magical device has flaws. And this one? I designed it so I knew it’s working," Rees said, standing once again.

"What do you mean, you designed it ?" Leon asked, his expression hardening.

"When my necroheart was stolen, some of my schematics for magic equipment were taken too. This restraint was one of them. The kid who captured me forced me to wear it, but I removed it the same day." Rees replied with a neutral expression.

Leon’s eyes narrowed. "You keep calling him ’kid.’ How long have you been locked up down here?"

Rees tapped his chin. "Fourt—no, fifty years, three months, and... I think today is day twenty-nine. Turns out no one wants a useless skeleton as their slave."

’This bastard is so intelligent and he is just lying in this stupid place for so long ? There is no way he couldn’t get a single chance to escape from this place.’ Leon thought with a shocked expression.

"Alright," Rees said as he turned toward the others. "Please come up one by one. I’ll remove the bands from your legs as well."

Though the elves were visibly terrified, Fruela and Guren did their best to calm them. Slowly but surely, they began approaching Rees, each receiving the same quick taps and hearing the satisfying click of their restraints falling away.

Leon turned back to Rees. "What kind of circle do I need to draw on the other side ?"

"Ah yes. I’ll need a page and a quill," Rees replied.

Leon didn’t even respond—he simply looked towards Jennifer.

"I-I’ll have to go upstairs to get them..." she said hesitantly.

"Fruela, accompany her," Leon instructed calmly.

"As you command, Master," Fruela responded, immediately walking over to Jennifer.

"Let’s go," she said, her tone flat.

"Y-Yes," Jennifer nodded and led the way up the stairs.

...

A few minutes later, they returned. Jennifer handed over ten sheets of paper, a pot of ink, and a quill to Rees before stepping aside.

Rees sat down and began drawing the teleportation circle. His skeletal hand moved with sharp precision, ink flowing as he created complex glyphs, runes, and sigils. It took ten minutes, but finally, he was done.

"Here." He handed the page to Leon. "Just replicate this on the ground where you want the teleportation to go. As big as possible."

Leon took the page, folded it carefully, and slipped it into his pocket. "Understood."

"Umm... how will we know when to activate the circle?" Guren asked, looking puzzled.

Leon held out his hand. "Jennifer, give me the keys."

"Y-Yes..." she obeyed immediately.

Leon activated his skill.

"Threads."

The keys floated in midair, wrapped in invisible mana threads.

"When these keys fall to the ground, you flood the circle with mana. No hesitation. Understood ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

Guren nodded. "Got it."

"Is the destination nearby?" Rees asked curiously.

"It’s in the Vinceral Forest," Leon replied.

"What ?! That’s far. Your magic won’t hold beyond ten or twelve meters. The spell will fail if your magic fades."

"You don’t have to worry about it," Leon said, turning away. "The keys will stay up. Just focus on drawing the circle here."

He paused, then pointed at Jennifer. "Fruela... take her with you. Don’t leave her behind and until he makes the circle, why don’t you guys go up and get your clothes and ornaments back that Richard took from you ?

I don’t want to see you guys roaming in those stupid bags inside my dungeon." Leon instructed.

"As you command, Master," Fruela replied, walking over to Jennifer again.

"You’re coming with me. Move. Come on guys."

Jennifer nodded quickly and followed.

"Okay... now then," Rees said as he looked at the floor. "It’s been a while since I drew magic circles."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160: The Royal Carriage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Heavy winds howled through the forest, carrying thick sheets of snow that fell from the sky in a relentless downpour. Yet Leon moved effortlessly through the blizzard, his body adapting to the environment with the help of his skill, Adaptive Body.

*Swish–Swish–Swish*

A cigar hung from the corner of his lips, the glowing ember pulsing faintly as he took slow, deliberate puffs. The smoke curled around his face, only to be stolen by the roaring wind.

*Puff*

*Phsssss*

*Clip-Clop–Clip-Clop*

The sudden sound of hooves echoed through the snowy silence, cutting through the howling winds. Leon turned his head sharply, his eyes narrowing as a massive carriage rolled through the storm behind him. It was unlike anything a commoner would ever see—large and majestic, with ornate golden lamps hanging from every corner and a proud lion-head sigil embossed on its sides.

Surrounding it were royal cavalry on horses, their armor gleaming even in the dim, storm-covered night. Swords hung at their sides, and their white horses trudged powerfully through the snowdrifts.

That carriage wasn’t noble but a Royal carriage.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "Fucking hell... why is a Royal carriage heading into the forest during a storm like this?"

He immediately veered off his path, trying to distance himself and avoid being noticed. But—

*Clip-Clop–Clip-Clop*

One of the knights broke off from the group, steering his massive white horse directly toward Leon.

"Shit... Fuck. How the hell are they spotting me in a night storm? Am I glowing or something?" Leon muttered, his pace increasing.

"Commoner! Wait," the Royal Knight shouted, his voice loud and commanding.

Leon turned, feigning surprise. "Hmm...? Oh, a Royal Knight," he said smoothly, bowing respectfully.

"What are you doing out here this late ?" the knight asked, his tone formal but suspicious.

"I’m on my way home, sir," Leon replied with a disarming smile.

"Where is your home?" the knight asked, peering at Leon from under his helmet.

"Vernon Village, sir." Leon replied with a smile.

The knight glanced him up and down. "You’re not even wearing a coat. Prince Charles has ordered this to be given to you. If you’d like, you may walk with us. We can escort you to your village."

The knight tossed a thick leather blanket toward Leon.

*Catch*

Leon caught it and wrapped it around himself, even though his skill made him immune to the cold. Declining a royal gift would’ve been nothing but an insult.

"I’m grateful for the hospitality, sir. But I can’t impose upon the Prince for someone like me. My village is close—just a couple minutes away. Still, thank you for the blanket." Leon spoke as he tried to get rid of them as soon as possible.

The knight nodded. "Very well, then." He turned his horse back towards the carriage.

Leon watched for a moment, then spoke. "It must be really important, huh?"

The knight paused. "What?"

"I mean, the Prince himself is out in a weather like this. Must be something urgent," Leon said with a faint smile.

"A commoner should only know what he can comprehend. Go home, kid," the knight replied curtly before riding away.

*Clip-Clop–Clip-Clop*

Leon chuckled under his breath.

’So the Prince is out of the castle... in this kind of weather? That means something big is happening. I’ve never seen the Royal family step outside their castle since I arrived in this world. But, Where are they going ?

That way... It leads to the Southern Border, if I am not wrong. I will just ask Justin about what happened, since they do the information exchange from the borders.’ He thought in his mind as he continued to walk towards the dungeon.

...

After walking for nearly forty-five minutes through snow-laden paths, Leon finally reached the entrance to the Vinceral Forest.

"Fucking hell... I look like a goddamn snowman," he muttered as he brushed the snow off his shoulders and hair.

As he stepped into the forest and made his way to the dungeon, he found the entrance completely buried in snow. He bent down and thrust his hand into the thick layer, fingers brushing against the familiar stone steps beneath.

"Take me to the last floor," Leon said with a smile.

*Swish*

In an instant, his body vanished.

...

Seventh Floor – Vinceral Dungeon

*Swish*

"Fucking hell, this place is warm," Leon muttered with relief as he reappeared inside the dungeon. He pulled off the blanket and deactivated his skill immediately.

"I greet my Master," Elis said, bowing respectfully as she appeared in front of him.

Leon walked toward the throne and dropped into it with a relaxed sigh. "Did you change the dungeon’s temperature, Elis?"

"Yes, Master. Olga and Reina were shivering from the cold while sleeping, so I raised the ambient temperature. Should I return it to normal ?"

Leon shook his head. "No, leave it. More people are coming soon. They will need it." He reached into his pocket, pulled out the folded page and handed it to her.

"Here. Draw this circle on the ground—make it as large as possible." Leon ordered.

Elis took the page and examined the diagram for a brief moment. "As you command, Master."

She placed her hand on the ground. Instantly, the stone tiles began shifting, sliding into place with precision. Within seconds, a massive circle was carved into the floor, intricate patterns covering nearly half the chamber.

"It is complete, Master," Elis said, handing the page back to him.

"Nicely done," Leon replied, standing up and admiring the work.

"Now you’ll need to supply it with burst mana—a large amount, all at once—to activate it."

"As you wish, Master." Elis replied, lowering her hand toward the center of the circle.

"Wait," Leon said quickly, raising a hand. "Don’t do it yet. I’ll give the command. Once I do, you must act instantly. We’ve got a very small time window. Understand?"

"Yes, Master. I await your command." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon.

Leon exhaled, his breath warm in the dungeon’s comfortable atmosphere. He raised his fingers.

*Snap*

"Now," he ordered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161: Not a place like Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Snap.

"Now," Leon commanded as he deactivated his skill, Mana Thread.

"Yes, Master." Elis nodded and poured a massive wave of mana into the magic circle beneath her immediately.

*ZzzzzzzZ*

The array blazed to life in a dazzling light blue hue.

Leon shielded his eyes with one hand. As the brilliant light dimmed, he blinked slowly and lowered his arm.

*Blink-blink"

What greeted him next was... a sight.

All the dark elves were on all fours—backs arched, their round asses raised high in the air, facing Leon directly.

"Well... That’s one hell of a view," he smirked, his eyes shamelessly looking at the wobbling curves in front of him.

"Wait—did it actually work ?" a male’s voice came from behind.

Leon immediately turned to see Rees, Fruela, and Jennifer standing just behind his throne.

"Hello, darling," Leon said, flashing a grin at Fruela.

"Master," Fruela responded with a respectful bow.

Leon turned his gaze back toward the elves—only to find the view gone. They were now upright, clothed in proper dresses and gowns, no longer the tattered rice sacks they were wearing at the slave trading firm.

"Fuck man... Why do I have to look away ?" Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at the Elfs. Their confused eyes met his as they stood silently.

"Do we have to live here ?" Guren asked with a confused expression, glancing around the room’s interior and two girls who were sleeping in one corner of the room.

"No. You’ll live on the fifth floor," Leon answered immediately, then he turned and looked towards Rees. "You’ll stay on the sixth floor—directly above me, and below them."

"...That’s weird. Feels strange hearing my name after all these years—wait. I never told you my name," Rees said, narrowing his eyes. "Are you reading my mind?"

Leon tilted his head with a confused. "Do you even have one to read ?"

"I don’t have a physical brain, but—damn it. I’m going to my floor," Rees muttered in frustration as he turned and walked toward the room’s exit.

As he passed the gate, he caught sight of Elis standing near the gate.

"Whoa... A Dungeon Core in human form," Rees murmured, stepping toward her slowly.

"Hello, Dungeon Core." He spoke with a fascinated voice.

Elis simply looked at him, her expression unchanging.

"Stay away from her," Leon said flatly as he looked at Rees.

"F-Fine, it’s not like I am stealing her." Rees backed off immediately and exited without another word, making his way toward his assigned floor.

’Interesting... He built a vertical dungeon instead of spreading it horizontally. Makes it harder to detect due to minimized surface presence. Clever bastard... I might actually learn something here. Maybe even build myself a new Necroheart.

But, How did he know my knowledge ?’ Rees thought as he ascended the stairs with a confused expression.

Back in the throne room, Leon turned toward the elves still lingering.

"What are you standing around for? Go on. The temperature down here’s good enough for sleep, right?" he asked.

Without hesitation, all the dark elves dropped to their knees and bowed deeply.

"...Hmm?"

"Thank you, Sir," they all said in unison.

"Thank you again, Master. We’ll never forget your hospitality," Fruela added, bowing even lower.

Leon gave a dismissive wave. "Fine. Go, Go... I will take care of your food tomorrow."

"Yes, Master as you say," Fruela replied, and with that, the elves made their way toward the exit.

Leon rose from the throne with a stretch and walked over to Elis.

"I’ll be leaving too, Elis. I’ll return the mana you used today—tomorrow," he said.

"As you command, Master. I will await your return," Elis replied, bowing respectfully.

"Take me out," Leon ordered as he immediately disappeared.

*Swish*

---

Outside the Dungeon

Leon reappeared at the entrance, his legs instantly buried in thick snow.

The cold slapped him in the face like a hammer and a deadly chill ran down his spine.

"Fucking hell... Adaptive Body," he grunted as he activated the skill. In an instant, the chill vanished from his muscles, his body adjusting as though the cold had never touched him.

<Adaptive Body Activated>

A wicked smile tugged at his lips.

"Time to get buried in MILFs, hehehe..." he muttered, yanking his legs free from the snow and breaking into a run toward the village.

---

Fifteen Minutes Later — Vernon Village Gate

Leon strolled up to the gates. The two guards were curled up in leather blankets, snoring peacefully while snowflakes dusted their faces.

’Hah... What can I say ? A hoard of monsters can just come in fuck up the village and go.’ Leon thought as he passed them and headed straight toward his house.

The village was quiet—eerily so. Not a single lantern burned outside, except for one: the chief’s residence.

Leon reached his home and found Dusk curled in front of the door, his head resting on his paws.

"Hello, Dusk, having a good sleep ?" Leon asked with a grin.

"Hm...? Oh—Master." Dusk immediately stood and gave a small bow.

"Why are you outside?" He asked with a smile.

"I went in earlier, Master. But after checking on your family, I decided to keep watch out here. They’re... getting really worried about you."

"I’ve been gone for nearly two days. Of course they’re worried," Leon said softly, and walked up to the door.

Knock-knock.

Step-step-step-step-step.

He heard hurried footsteps inside.

Click.

The door swung open—and there she was.

"You’re back..." Elaine whispered, her eyes brimming with tears.

"Hello, Mom," Leon said, smiling gently.

"Come here," she choked out and pulled him into her embrace, burying his face in her huge, soft and fleshy boobs.

Leon grinned like a pervert.

’Now this... this is the warmth I want.’

He wrapped his arms around her waist, then slid them lower—grabbing both of ass-cheeks and squeezing with open affection.

His face nestled between her tits, rubbing into her cleavage like a man reclaiming his throne.

"I’m home... Mom," Leon murmured, his voice muffled against her breasts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162: Mommy will Serve
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon sat at the table, casually biting into a thick piece of fried meat, juice dripping down his fingers. Boiled potatoes and beans lying in the same plate—it was a simple but satisfying meal.

Across the table, Elaine watched him with worry etched into her soft features, arms folded gently across her chest. Her brow was furrowed, not out of anger—but concern.

Selene, on the other hand, was clearly amused. Her lips curled into a subtle smirk as she watched Leon eat under the pressure.

"I already told you two, I was working and-"

Elaine leaned forward slightly, her voice a little angry, but firm. "Leo... it’s not just about work. We were worried. You were out all night. What if something happened to you?"

"Making money is also important, right ?" Leon replied with a smile.

Elaine opened her mouth to reply, but Selene beat her to it—her voice playful and mocking.

"So..." she said, her eyes glinting, "were you out fucking someone all night ?"

Elaine gasped quietly, her cheeks flushing with embarassment. "Selene!" she whispered, a little shocked. "That’s not... that’s not appropriate to ask."

Selene just smiled wider. "I’m serious. He better not be out there giving that thick, juicy and huge cock to some random girl, when he’s got both of us right here—warm, wet, and ready at any moment."

"Wait... Were you doing it with any other girl ?" Elaine asked with a confused expression.

"Why the hell would I waste my time on someone else, when I’ve got two perfect, little sluts waiting for me at home ?" Leon replied with a perverted smile.

<Bluff>

"Good..." Elaine breathed out, her voice barely above a whisper, her face flushed and lips parted. "I don’t want any other girl getting addicted to that... thing."

Selene’s ears perked instantly. She turned her head slowly, her eyes narrowing with mischief as a sly grin tugged at her lips.

"Hmm...? What thing, Mom?" she asked with a teasing smile.

Elaine’s eyes widened slightly, her blush deepening as her legs subtly shifted under the table.

"H-His... thing. You know what I mean..."

Selene leaned closer, her eyes locked on Elaine, voice dripping with tease.

"Mmm... no, I don’t think I do. Shouldn’t you be more clear ?"

Before Elaine could fumble her response, Leon chuckled lowly—smug and completely relaxed as he took another bite of meat.

"She’s talking about the cock she’s massaging under the table with her feet."

Selene’s eyes widened.

"Wait—what!?" she gasped, immediately glancing beneath the table.

Her jaw dropped.

Leon’s thick cock was fully out, standing tall, twitching slightly—and Elaine’s soft, elegant feet were gliding up and down the shaft with practiced ease. Her toes curled around it, stroking him slow and lovingly.

"Wha—When did you... how the hell did you get his cock out with your feet, Mom !?" Selene asked, half-shocked and half-surprised.

"There are things about your mother you still have to learn, dear," she said, her voice soft, but her gaze smoldering.

"And after a long night of hard work, it’s only proper for a mother to take care of her son and make sure he’s... relaxed while eating."

Leon exhaled slowly, clearly enjoying every second.

"She’s real gentle with them too," he added with a crooked smirk. "Those pretty little feet have more control than most hands."

"Here I thought you were getting embarrassed and shy." Selene spoke with a disappointed expression.

Elaine let out a soft chuckle.

"Well, if you’re curious, darling... Mom can always teach you how to serve a man properly. There’s more to loving a man than just spreading your legs." She spoke with a mocking smile.

"Tch... I can take better care of him than you," Selene spat, her eyes flashing with jealousy as she stood up, her hips swaying smoothly. She walked over to Leon with a smirk, then ripped open the strings of her bodice with one fierce yank.

Snap—

Her massive tits burst free, heavy, swollen, dripping with thick, creamy milk that gleamed in the dim light.

*Boing—Boing*

Her nipples were rock hard, leaking slow, sticky drops that dribbled down her soft skin.

"Look at them," Selene growled low, dragging her thumb across one swollen nipple until a bead of milk popped free. "Don’t you want suck on your sister’s milk jugs ? Don’t You wanna bury that huge cock of yours between these fat tits and suck them dry with your mouth ?"

She flicked her nipples hard *flick-flick* sending fresh squirts of milk onto her chest.

Leon’s eyes darkened with lust, a perverted smile appearing over his face.

"I won’t mind having a sweet dessert after the dinner." He replied with a smile.

"Then get your head in my lap and suck them as hard as you want, drink all you want." Selene spoke as she looked at Elaine with a smile.

Leon wasted no time, latching on to her nipple like a man starved. His teeth grazed her sensitive flesh, tongue swirling and pulling, drinking the creamy milk that squirted hot and sweet into his mouth. Selene’s moans cracked the quiet room.

"Ahhh, fuck—yeah, just like that, suck on my tits more." she gasped, trembling as her pussy clenched hard and soaked the floor.

*Suck—slurp—suck*

"Want me to stroke your cock while you suck, dear brother ? Want to feel my soft hands wrap around your thick, big cock ?" she whispered, sliding her hand under the table to grip his dick tightly.

’Fucking hell... This feels so fucking good.’ Leon thought with a smile as he continued to suck on her boob.

Before he could get lost in the haze, Elaine’s voice sliced through, low and edged with possessive jealousy.

"Oh come on... It’s not like I don’t have tits. I have bigger than you."

Elaine stepped forward, unbuttoning her bodice with a sharp, confident pull.

Snap—

Her heavy tits spilled out—full, round, dark areolas and inverted nipples.

*Boing—Boing*

"I’m the one he calls Mommy," she replied, pressing her breasts into his face. "Don’t you want to squeeze mom’s boobs ?"

*Nod-Nod*

*Squeeze-Squeeze*

Leon didn’t hesitate, his hands squeezing and kneading her soft flesh immediately.

’Sucking on Selene’s milk filled boobs and Elaine’s huge boobs while getting a handjob... Both of them can easily smother me to death.’ Leon thought with a perverted smile as he continued to suck and grope.

’Fuck... I am cumming.’ Leon thought as his hips moved up slowly and his cock started twitching really hard.

"Oh my... He is going to cum." Selene spoke with a smile as she looked at Leon’s cock.

"I will take it." Elaine spoke as she immediately covered Leon’s dick tip with her mouth, her lips gently sealing it from every side.

"Mnff~" Leon let out a small sound as he bit on Selene’s nipple and let out thick threads of cum from his dick and directly into Elaine’s mouth.

*Squirt-Suirt*

"Anhhhh~ He is biting my nipples while cumming in your mouth, Mom." Selene spoke as she stroked his cock even harder and faster.

*Gulp-Gulp-Gulp*

Elaine sucked and gulped down every last drop of Leon’s cum, she even sucked out the rest of it from Leon’s urethra.

But as she did this, her eyes got crossed, her pussy started squirting on it’s own as Leon’s cum hit the back of her throat.

It was as if it’s hitting some button in her brain and forcing her pussy to squirt on command.

*Squirt-Squirt-Squirt*

She was so busy in sucking his cum that even though her brain ordered her head to get away from Leon’s cock in order to breathe but her lips didn’t let go of Leon’s dick, it was as if she is addicted to his cum.

The more she squirted... The more Leon’s cum filled her throat, and this carried on while Leon enjoyed sucking milk out of Selene’s tits and getting his balls empty.

For the next one minute, Leon cummed non-stop into his mother’s mouth and she didn’t spilled even a drop of it.

One minute later...

"Phew... I don’t why, but the taste of his cum... It’s really sweet, *burp* s-sorry." Elaine replied with a smile as she licked the cum that was lingering around her lips.

"Well... I don’t think he released enough because his dick is still pulsing and surprisingly, it’s still standing like a pole." Selene spoke with a shocked expression as she noticed that Leon’s dick is ready for another round.

"Oh my... Let mommy serve you this time." Elaine spoke as she stood up and slided her skirt down, slowly revealing her huge ass-cheeks and thick thighs with a white spotless panty in between them.

"Hah... Phew... How much milk are you producing ? Are you a cow or something ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Selene.

"Well, I can become one for you... All you have to do is fuck me and milk me, day and night." Selene whispered slowly into Leon’s ears.

As soon as Leon heard this his dick twitched. But Elaine couldn’t stand it... She immediately slided her panties down to her ankle and walked upto Leon.

She then buried his face into her thick, fleshy thighs immediately.

"Don’t listen to her... Mommy will serve you her pussy." Elaine spoke with a smile.

[Author: I have added a discord link in the synopsis. If you want to join the discord server for images.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163: The Game
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The dim lamp light flickered across the bedroom, casting naughty shadows on the wooden walls. The scent of sweat, sex, and heat lingered heavy in the air. On the mattress, Selene and Elaine were on their knees— their asses high, backs arched, their bare boobs pressing against the mattress.

"Come on, Leon," Selene purred, her voice dripping with mischief. She glanced back, her long dark hair spilling over her shoulder, eyes glinting with lust. "Don't keep your big cock waiting. Don't you want to fuck your sister's pussy with it ? You know... It's expecting you to give it a good stretch from the inside."

*Slap*

"Anhhh~"

She gave her ass a sharp slap, moaning at her own touch as her hips wiggled with desperate need.

Elaine scoffed softly, turning her head just enough to meet his eyes. "Don't waste yourself on her, my sweet Leo," she said, her voice soft and sultry, filled with tease that made Leon's cock twitch.

"Come bury that thick dick in your mom's pussy. I'll squeeze you so tight you'll forget about her loose pussy completely."

She dipped a hand between her thighs, spreading her legs open for him to see.

Leon stood behind them, his cock twitching with anticipation as he stared at the two shameless women kneeling before him, asses high, cheeks spread, and their dripping pussies on full display. A wicked grin curved across his lips.

"So this is what it's come to… My mother and my sister, both begging to be fucked first. Filthy little sluts. You girls need some punishment. Here Take this," Leon spoke with a wide perverted smile.

With both hands, he brought down two solid slaps—one for each greedy ass.

Slap–Slap!

"Ahhnn~!"

"Nnnhhh~!"

Their moans echoed through the room, full of lust and desperation, their bodies trembling from the stinging pleasure that raced up their spines.

'It's like, I am in a fuck fest, and I'm the prize...' Leon thought, grinning as his eyes flicked from one squirming ass to the other, still deciding whose pussy would get fucked first.

Stepping closer, he pressed his cock against Elaine's soft, round ass, slowly rubbing the tip in lazy circles along her ass cheek.

*Rub–Rub*

"Ahh~ Yes… You're going to give mom that cock, aren't you ?" Elaine purred, glancing back with a sultry smile as she spread her ass wide open, offering herself like a gift.

"What? But I let you drink milk directly from my boobs... Shouldn't you be fucking my pussy first ?" Selene whined, her voice needy and dripping with jealousy.

Leon chuckled low. "Let's make it fair. You both want it ? Then prove it."

"How ?" Both of them asked with a curious and confused expression as they looked at Leon.

"Both of you will play the 'Masturbation game' and the first one to cum gets her pussy pounded with my dick." Leon spoke with a smile.

Suddenly, a brief silence covered the room. Both of them looked at each other with serious expressions.

"I–I'll do it," Elaine spoke breaking the silence, her fingers already slipping between her soaked folds, stroking her pussy hard as she tugged at her nipples.

"Tch… I'll cum faster than you, Mom," Selene growled, biting her lip, diving between her thighs with both hands and pumping her fingers into her pussy while teasing her clit with the other hand.

*Schlp–Schlp–Schlp–Schlp*

Leon just stood there, watching them both play with themselves like bitches in heat. His eyes locked onto Elaine's soaked hand as she rubbed her fingers over her pussy without any stops, moaning as she sucked on her own nipple.

*Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck*

'Never thought I'd see two busty MILFs jerking off for my cock in my previous life. Maybe, Dying is the best thing that had happened with me.' Leon thought with a wide perverted smile.

"Fuuuck~ I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Elaine moaned, her body shaking violently as her pussy exploded, squirting a wet stream all over the

*Squirrrrrt*

"Looks like we have a winner," Leon said with a devilish grin, his eyes now turning to Selene—still fingering herself frantically, her face flushed with lust and defeat.

The moment the tip of his cock brushed against her slick folds, Leon smirked.

"Well, Mom… you ready for my cock ?" he muttered, his voice low, teasing, filled with lust.

Elaine's breath caught. Her thighs trembled as she spread herself open with both hands, her fingers pulling apart her soaked pussy lips, desperate and shaking.

"Ahh~ Yes… please, Leo… I can't wait anymore. Just fuck Mommy already. Give it to me…" she moaned, her voice quivering with need, her eyes glazed over in lust.

Leon didn't hesitate. He gripped her waist, aimed his cock, and shoved it in with one brutal thrust.

*SLAP!*

"Anhhhhhh~ Yessss!" she screamed, her back arching as the air fled her lungs. Her eyes rolled, mouth gaping, the nipple she'd been biting slipping free as her tits bounced wildly.

SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP!

Leon didn't wait. No mercy. No thinking. Just raw, hard thrusts slamming into her slutty pussy one after another.

Elaine clawed at the sheets, her voice breaking. "Ahhh~ Ahnnn~ Fuck! Yes—fuck Mommy harder! Fuck my pussy even more! I want it more! I need it more Leo! Anhhhhhh~"

Each time he bottomed out, the head of his cock smacked against the soft wall at the back of her pussy—her womb kissing it, clinging like it didn't want to let go of Leon's dick. It was like her body was begging to be bred.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP!*

The sound of skin slamming against skin filled the room like thunder.

Elaine moaned louder, losing herself.

"Anhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhh~"

'Ahhh~ Fuck… I'm such a slut for my own son. How did I end up like this? Why does it feel so fucking good to get fucked by his dick ?' She thought in her mind while Leon piston fucked her pussy.

From the side, Selene watched with hungry eyes, her fingers dripping wet as she pumped them in and out of her cunt. She bit her lip, then licked her slick fingers clean.

"Mom… what filthy noises you're making," she whispered, as her other hand rubbed harder against her clit.

Leon continued to fuck Elaine for the next 30 minutes non-stop and without any mercy.

He fucked her in doggy style, then made her to lie down on her back, facing him and fucked her while stretching her nipples.

He even took her to the window, raised one of her leg and fucked her while her nipples rubbed against the cold glass.

30 minutes later...

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Mnfffhhhh~ Annnhhhh~" Elaine is now bending over in front of the wall, both of her legs widened for Leon as she moaned non-stop, her eyes half-closing due to cumming so many times already.

"Shit... I am cumming, Take this Mom." Leon groaned as he grabbed both of her boobs and stretched them like a milking a cow.

He started pounding even faster into her pussy and suddenly, bursted out a thick wave of white cum in her tight walls.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh~ CUMMINGGGGGGG~" Elaine's lips took an 'O' shape, her tongue hanging out, her eyes crossing and her legs trembling brutally as her pussy squirted and peed at the same time.

*SQUIRRTTTTTTTTTT*

"Phew~ That was good." Leon spoke as he pulled his cock out and his thick cum flowed out of Elaine's pussy.

"Well... Didn't I do a good job filling you ?" Leon asked with a smile as he noticed her legs trembling rapidly but Elaine didn't reply.

"Hmm...? Mom ?" Leon asked as he walked upto the front and noticed that Elaine has gone unconscious from such extreme pleasure but her body is still standing.

"It's time for you to take a rest." Leon spoke as he slowly picked her up and laid her down on the mattress.

He then took the blanket and placed it over her.

"That must've been too much for her." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Selene and noticed that she is staring at Leon's dick in a trance that was still standing like a pole.

"What are you staring at ? Do you want something, Serene ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I want your-" Before she could've completed her sentence, Leon walked upto her and slammed his cum covered dick right into her face.

*Slap*

"Anhhh~" Selene moaned as she felt his thick, wet and warm dick hitting against her forehead.

"I can't hear you... What do you want ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Y-Your cock..." Selene spoke with a hesitated expression.

"Do you also want to get your pussy pounded like her ?" Leon asked with a smile as he grabbed her throat gently.

"Y-Yes... Please." Selene replied with a smile as she licked Leon's dick with her tongue.

"Very well... How about you clean it first with your mouth pussy ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes." Selen replied as she immediately took Leon's dick into her mouth and started cleaning it with her tongue, while her pussy continued to drool love juices onto the mattress.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164: Twenty Thousand dead
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Southern Border — Truvale Checkpost

The Royal Carriage came to a halt before the Truvale Checkpost. The Royal Knights swiftly dismounted, their boots crunching on the snow as they began surveying the area.

The silence was unnatural. Not a soul in sight. It was as if no one ever lived here.

*Swishhh—*

Cold winds howled through the outpost, carrying with it a bite that made visibility even worse.

As heavy snow was falling continuously, it was getting harder for the knights to move on the snow.

The knights lit their lanterns and began checking the tents one by one, searching for anyone who could explain what had happened here.

Inside one of the larger tents, two knights moved cautiously, the flame of their lamp flickering with every gust of wind.

"Umm... why are we here again?" one of them asked, his voice uncertain as he glanced at his partner.

"We were summoned by royal orders. No explanation given," the other replied, his voice low. "But I heard whispers from the Weaver Household. This checkpost—Truvale—it’s one of the largest outposts in the kingdom. Over twenty thousand soldiers, generals, and knights were stationed here."

He paused, glancing around the eerily quiet tent.

"What ? What happened ?" His partner asked with a serious expression.

"Three hours ago, all contact was lost. Ravens stopped coming. Letters never arrived. Supply wagons vanished didn’t return. It’s as if the entire outpost just... disappeared.

No reply was given, even to the Royal Palace." The knight spoke with a serious expression.

"T-Twenty thousand men?" the first knight stammered. "Even if it was a surprise attack, it’s impossible to wipe out that many people in such a short time. And still no signs of blood or battle—"

"Exactly." The second knight pointed at the ground. "If this were an attack, there’d be signs—fighting, blood, bodies, something has to be there. But there’s nothing like that here. It’s like the ground opened up and swallowed them whole."

The first knight shivered. "Let’s check another tent. Someone has to be here and man, you should stop telling stories to your children.

You will give them nightmares."

"I don’t have any."

"Good... I hope you don’t."

Both of them went to the other tent and started checking them.

---

Inside the Royal Carriage, a striking man sat by the window. He had sharp features, long white hair, and piercing blue eyes that sparkled like diamonds. His expression was hard, unreadable as he continued to look out.

*Knock-Knock*

Suddenly, A knock was heard on the carriage’s door.

"Your Highness, it’s me—Frecio."

"Come in," Prince Charles replied with a serious expression.

*Click*

The door opened, and a man in his forties covered in golden armour, stepped inside. He sat across from Charles, his expression grim as he looked at him.

"What is it, Frecio? Why do you look so pale?" Charles asked, placing a hand gently on his knee. "Is it really that bad?"

"We’ve searched over a hundred tents already... There’s no one here. It’s as if they all vanished in the last three hours. There is something wrong with this place, your highness.

You should really get out of here, Your highness." Frecio replied with a serious expression.

Charles blinked. "Do you hear what you’re saying ? We’re talking about twenty thousand trained men even knights, Frecio. That doesn’t just happen. Only a god could do something like that—and I doubt the gods are involved here."

Before he could continue, a shout echoed from outside.

"I found someone! Over here!"

Frecio was already moving. "I’m going."

"I’m coming with you," Charles said, stepping out behind him.

"But, Your highness—Your Majesty said—"

"If my father wanted me to sit around like my spoiled siblings, he wouldn’t have allowed me to come here in the first place in this weather, Frecio." Charles pulled a wand from his pocket. "Let’s go and stop treating me like a child."

A knight nearby bowed as they approached. "Sir Frecio. Your Highness."

"What have you found ?" Charles asked with a serious expression.

"A child, Your Highness. He’s alive—but terrified. Won’t speak to anyone. We’ve wrapped him in a blanket, but he just keeps shaking.

Should we take-"

"Take me to him." Charles spoke as he cut him in the middle of his sentence.

"Yes, Your Highness. This way." The knight replied as he immediately started walking towards the kid.

"What is a child doing here ?" Frecio asked with a confused expression as he started following Charles.

---

A short walk brought them to a ring of knights gathered around a small figure.

The child clutched a blanket tightly, his eyes wild—darting around like prey sensing a predator nearby.

"He hasn’t said a word," one knight muttered. "Just keeps trembling."

"Step aside, Your Highness is coming." Frecio commanded.

The knights parted immediately, revealing the frightened child at the center.

Charles knelt before him as he looked at the kid with a smile.

"Hey... kid. Are you alright?" he asked gently.

The boy didn’t respond. His eyes kept flicking to the corners of the tent.

"Oi, kid! You’re in the presence of—"

Charles raised a hand, silencing Frecio immediately.

Frecio understood and didn’t speak anything after that.

"Where is your mother ?" he asked softly.

"S-She... she died. F-For me..." the boy whispered, his voice barely audible as he looked at Charles.

Charles’s expression darkened.

"Who killed her?" he asked with a serious expression "Tell me. We’ll avenge her for you."

"T-They did..." the boy’s voice cracked as his body started trembling really hard. "T-They killed... everyone."

"Monsters ?" Frecio asked with a confused expression.

"Were they monsters ?" Charles asked in a calm tone.

"T-They killed mother... m-mother killed them... They killed mother-" His body started trembling even harder as he started repeating the same thing again and again.

Charles placed a steady hand on the child’s trembling shoulder. "Did they take the bodies?"

"N-N-No..." The child looked away first, then looked down at the ground.

Charles followed his gaze—and spotted a corner of black cloth poking out from beneath the snow.

"Frecio..." Charles said quietly. "You asked why we couldn’t find anyone, right ?"

"Yes, Your Highness?"

"It’s because you have been walking over them all along."

Charles stood up and raised his wand towards the ground.

"May the gods bless this wand with their magic... Wind Wipe." charles spoke as he activated the skill.

A burst of magic erupted from his wand, sweeping across the entire checkpost. Snow and tents were blown away in an instant.

And then—they saw.

Bodies. Everywhere. Twisted. Broken. Mutilated.

Heads smashed. Limbs torn. Organs dragged from open stomachs. The ground was soaked in frozen blood.

A silence fell over everyone as horror gripped their hearts.

"Dear God..." Frecio whispered with a serious expression as he immediately step down from a frozen woman’s dead body.

"Take the child to my carriage. Two knights will stand guard outside the carriage. Frecio... You come with me.

Rest of you, arrange these bodies in order so that they can be returned to their families." Charles ordered as he started walking towards the other side.

"YES, SIR." All the knights shouted together and they started separating the frozen bodies from each other.

"Everything alright, your highness ?" Frecio asked with a confused expression as he walked upto Charles.

"Are you fucking kidding me ? Do you think everything is alright ? I have a fucking graveyard there... We have to tell their families how they died.

I have to tell my father, why I am bringing back twenty thousand soldiers back. Nothing is alright, Frecio. Fuck... Why did I have to take part in this one ?

I thought it would just be a inspection run and now everything has gone to shit. Fucking hell... What should I do ?" Charles spoke with a worried expression as he immediately pulled out a small bottle filled with blue sparkling dust from his pocket and opened it’s cap.

He sprinkled some of it over his palm and sniffed it all in one go.

*SNIFFFFFFFFFF*

"Fuck... Tight." Charles spoke with a serious expression as he wiped his palm and nose with a handkerchief and looked at Frecio.

"Okay... We have twenty thousand soldiers dead what can attack such a huge outpost ? Monsters, Demons and Elfs. Right ?" Charles asked as he looked at Frecio his eyes glowing brightly blue, it was as if his brain has started to think very fast.

"Y-Yes, Sir." Frecio replied with a hesitated expression as he kept his eyes down at the ground.

"Good... Now, I didn’t see any demonic blood or a monster’s body there. They were trained men, it’s not like they died without a fight... But how is it possible that they didn’t kill even a single one of what was killing them.

Elfs don’t kill like this... Check for any dungeon breaks near this area. Don’t tell about this to anyone until I give the orders. Do you understand, Frecio ?" Charles asked with a serious expression.

"Sir... Sir..." Suddenly, A knight came running towards them.

"What ?" Charles asked with a serious expression.

"We have something, that you should see." The knight spoke with a grim expression.

[Author : If you can guess what killed them, I will reward the winner with the next seven Chapters free of cost.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165: Julia’s Plan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blink-Blink

Leon’s eyes fluttered open—and the first thing he felt was warmth in his mouth.

Soft. Heavy and Leaking warmth sweetening his mouth.

As he slowly looked down, He noticed Selene’s breast was stuffed between his lips, her nipple gently pulsing with sweet milk.

*Suck-Suck-Suck*

Instead of pulling away, Leon latched on tighter, drawing more thick, warm and sweet liquid directly into his mouth.

’Mmm... Now that’s how every man should wake up in the morning.’

His thoughts drifted lazily as he slowly gave a squeeze to her boob.

*Squeeze*

’Fresh milk, straight from the source... I read somewhere back on Earth that it enhances a man’s virility. And this ? This tastes like fucking heaven bursting into my mouth.’ Leon thought with a perverted smile.

He cupped her other breast with his hand, massaging it gently while switching between the two—drinking like a starved beast for the next ten minutes, savoring every drop.

’Damn... I could drink her dry. But I’ll leave some for her daughter.’

Eventually, he let go, kissed both nipples, and rose from the mattress. He pulled the blanket over Selene’s naked, exhausted body, her face still flushed and glowing from last night’s pleasures.

---

Outside...

Leon stepped through the back door, yawning.

"Fuck me... How long was I fucking her last night ? I think three hours of sleep is all I got last night ?

My sleep schedule is really fucked." Leon spoke with a smirk as he stepped in the backyard.

*Fwoooosh*

The backyard greeted him with biting wind and deep snow. The air was sharp, and the sky was still blackened with heavy clouds.

He trudged to the well for water, only to find the surface frozen solid.

"Fucking hell..."

Grumbling, Leon went back inside and entered the kitchen. A large jug of stored water sat near the corner. He poured some into his palm and splashed it over his face.

*Splash*

"Phew... I still need to figure out how the fuck I’m gonna drag that damn tub over here. And even if I do, where would I set it up ?"

He began dressing as he muttered to himself.

"I might have to rebuild the whole damn house. But what do I do with Selene and Elaine in the meantime? I can take them to the dungeon? Set them up on their own floor ?

But that would be a lot of explaining and I don’t think, I am ready to explain so much right now." Leon spoke as he pulled on his boots and exited the house.

*Click*

The village lay blanketed in thick snow, the world quiet and still. It was still dark outside since it was really early morning.

*Shake*

Suddenly, something large stirred at his feet.

"...The fuck ?" Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked closely at the moving thing.

The snow shifted—and then, with a shake, Dusk emerged, spraying loose powder everywhere.

*Shake-Shake*

"You slept here all night, Dusk ?" Leon asked, blinking in shock.

"I greet my master," Dusk said, bowing respectfully.

"Aren’t you cold ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Shadow Velmoras thrive in mid-winter, master. With the suns gone and skies dark, our instincts become sharper. Cold doesn’t bother us—our fur is too thick."

"I see..." Leon spoke with an understanding node.

"May I accompany you today, Master ?" Dusk asked with a smile.

Suddenly, Leon started thinking something.

’He’s right. The suns won’t rise for another two months. Mid-winter in this world is brutal. I need to get warmer clothes for Selene and Elaine. Even I should get some new coats for myself or people’ll start suspecting something if I keep walking around in such thin clothes.’

"Can I, master?" Dusk repeated, tilting his head.

"Yeah. I’m heading to the dungeon."

Leon began jogging toward the village’s edge. Dusk followed close.

---

As Leon jogged, he noticed two figures standing outside the Village Chief’s home from a far distance—Julia Klen, and her butler, Charles.

Both were shivering, clearly dressed for attraction, not survival.

’What the hell are they doing up this early? ...Wait, why is she looking at me ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression as he kept running.

"Master," Dusk asked cautiously, "shall I stay visible or go invisible ?"

"Stay visible." Leon ordered with a serious expression.

"As you wish."

---

Meanwhile...

"Ma’am, why are we out here in this freezing mess in such clothes ?" Charles whined, clutching his coat.

"Shut up and wait. He’ll be here any second," Julia said, her eyes scanning the street.

"Who—?"

"There he is." Julia’s tone shifted. "When he runs by, we run with him. Understood ?"

"Wh–what? Why?" Charles asked with a confused expression as he looked at Julia.

"Just shut up and follow my lead," she snapped, taking off as Leon jogged past with Dusk at his side.

"Yes, Ma’am..." Charles spoke as he immediately started following her.

---

Dusk’s ears twitched.

"Master, I sense—"

"I know. They’re following us," Leon said dryly.

’What the hell is she up to now? Does she seriously think she can keep up with me ?’

He ignored her and kept his pace.

As they reached the village exit, Julia and Charles collapsed behind them.

*Thud-Thud*

Huff-Huff-Huff

"Ma’am... I–I don’t think... we can catch him..." Charles gasped, half-dead from exhaustion.

"How the hell is he that fast ?" Julia wheezed, hands on her knees, eyes still locked on Leon’s back as he disappeared down the trail.

’Damn it... I was going to lure him somewhere quiet, rip my clothes, and accuse him of rape. With Charles as my witness, I could’ve blackmailed him into serving me... but this bastard’s fast.’

She scowled and stood up.

---

"Charles," she said loudly, her voice sharp enough to rattle the gate guards awake.

"Y–Yes, ma’am ?" Charles asked with a confused expression.

"Find out where he goes every morning." Julia spoke with an Irritated expression.

"What?!" He asked with a shocked expression.

"You heard me. Run. Follow him. I want to know everything."

Charles groaned, despair flooding his face.

"...Yes, ma’am."

And off he went, chasing after Leon through the snow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166: Rees the rich
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon’s boots crunched through the snow as he ran through the firld, leaving deep impressions in the white blanket of snow behind him.

"Master," Dusk said, keeping pace beside him. "Forgive me for asking, but... what is your goal in life? Do you seek riches? Power? A knighthood or perhaps something even greater ?"

Leon smiled.

"Right now, all I want is to live peacefully with the women I like, Dusk. And I was doing that—until some assholes came along and started disturbing me. Why would you ask that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I’ve watched humans for many years," Dusk said. "Most of them wander through life confused, chasing dreams they can’t reach—or worse, achieving them only to be consumed by greed and then run again for more riches."

Leon chuckled softly. "And ?"

"You’re different, Master. You’re not chasing anything... You’re just running because you like it. That’s why I choose to serve you." Dusk spoke with a smile.

Leon glanced over his shoulder.

"He’s still behind us, isn’t he ?"

Dusk flicked his tail and looked back. "Barely. He’s so far, I doubt he can even see us, Master."

Leon’s smile faded. ’I’ll deal with that bitch tonight. Time to settle this matter once and for all.

I can’t take anymore of her supid nonsense.’

With that, he turned left and entered the Vinceral Forest. Snow clung to the trees like frost-bitten webs. Near a huge oak tree, the Dungeon loomed—its entrance now buried under snow.

Leon stomped once over the entrance and his leg immediately touched the stairs of the dungeon.

He looked at Dusk. "Come."

"Yes, Master." Dusk padded over and placed a paw on Leon’s foot.

"Take me to the first floor." Leon ordered and suddenly, both of them disappeared.

*Swish*

---

Dungeon – First Floor

They reappeared in the warm interior of the dungeon. Unlike the snow-covered surface, the inside was really warm and quiet.

Right in the middle of the room, Kai was snoring softly inside a grand, luxurious bathtub. Carvings of serpentine beasts adorned the edges of the tub, and in bold letters across one side, the words read, Mr. Leon’s Sextub.

"...Fucking hell, Kai," Leon muttered, torn between amusement and disappointment.

"Sextube ? What’s a sextube master ?" Dusk read aloud, puzzled.

"It’s Sextub. And forget it, let’s go," Leon sighed, shaking his head as they walked toward the stairs to the second floor.

’At least the heat down here is stable. It’s good that Elis can control it or half of the beings living here would’ve been frozen to death.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he descended down to the second floor.

---

Second Floor

The moment they entered, Leon noticed slimes bouncing everywhere. They were more numerous than ever.

"Whoa... their numbers are exploding," Dusk said, blinking in surprise.

"If this keeps up, I’ll have to give them their own floor and I’m not trying to run a slime daycare." Leon muttered in a low voice.

"Oi, slimes! Where is your leader?" he asked with a confused expression.

Every single slime froze and turned toward him.

A slightly larger slime bounced forward.

"If you’re the boss, bounce once." Leon spoke as he looked at the slime.

Boing!

The slime immediately bounced once.

"Good. Look, your numbers are growing way too fast. It’s getting crowded. Can you... guys stop for a bit ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

The leader slime jiggled and let out some wobbly sounds.

"Prrr... Prrr... Prrrr..."

Leon blinked. "...Yeah, I didn’t catch that. I will have to call Eli-"

"They said they won’t reproduce unless the Dungeon Master desires it," Dusk translated calmly.

"...You speak slime language as well ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I speak many languages, Master." dusk replied with a smile.

"Alright then." Leon addressed the slime again. "You can start multiplying again when the room expands. Okay ?"

"Prrr! Prrr!"

"They accept, master. They are saying that they will never upset the dungeon master." Dusk translated immediately.

"Alright. Do whatever you want till then." Leon waved his hand and moved toward the stairs. "Let’s check the other floors."

"Yes master."

"You don’t have to stay in that cat form inside the dungeon, y’know," Leon added as he looked at dusk.

"Thank you, Master."

*Fwoom*

Dusk transformed into his full Shadow Velmora form—sleek, feline, and massive.

"Third and fourth floors are still empty," Leon muttered. "Let’s head to the fifth floor."

He touched Dusk’s side.

"Take us to the fifth floor." Leon spoke as both of them disappeared immediately.

*Swish*

---

Fifth Floor

They reappeared among sleeping Dark Elves—women and children curled up together on stone beds, peacefully sleeping.

’The children must still be scared... since they were separated from their mothers by that slave trader,’ Leon thought in his mind with a neutral expression.

A familiar voice greeted him immediately.

"Good morning, Master."

Fruela appeared from the shadows, kneeling before him.

"You’re up early."

"I always rise at this time, Master." Fruela replied with a neutral expression.

"Mm. Makes sense."

She looked toward one of the beds. "What should we do with that girl—Jennifer, Master ?"

Leon followed her gaze. Jennifer was sprawled out like a corpse, snoring loudly.

"I’ll deal with her later."

"Is there anything you’d like me to do in the meantime, master ?" Fruela asked dutifully.

"You can rest. Or take a walk outside. Just don’t bring anyone near the dungeon entrance."

"As you command." She bowed again and disappeared toward the stairs.

Leon descended.

---

Sixth Floor

There, he found Rees, lying dramatically on a stone slab with arms folded over his chest like a corpse.

"When the hell did skeletons start sleeping?" Leon mocked.

Rees sat up immediately. "Ah, Mr. Leon! Perfect timing. Could you bring me some equipment for experiments and research? Preferably sharp ones, and maybe some mana stones. Oh! And if you could find any dismembered limbs—"

"Calm down, Calm down... Just make a list of the item you need, I will see what I can get. It’s not like I am very rich." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Rees.

"Oh, I can give you all the money you want. I am very Rich."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167: The Black Market
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Umm... What?" Leon asked, his eyes narrowing in confusion.

"I can provide you with plenty of money," Rees said casually. "I’m a very rich Lich. Before I died, I was a nobleman. Though that didn’t help much—my charming siblings stole my share of our father’s inheritance and split it among themselves after i died."

Leon raised an eyebrow.

"But when I started crafting magical equipment and sold a few of them just to fund my experiments... well, those items got popular. Like, really popular. I made a fortune from them," Rees explained as he looked at Leon.

"How much are we talking about ?" Leon asked, arms crossed.

Rees paused, doing some mental math.

"If I add everything... around thirty thousand gold coins is what I earned." He spoke raising his finger in the air.

Leon’s jaw nearly hit the floor. His eyes widened in disbelief. "What ?! Are you serious !?"

"What?" Rees blinked, confused by the reaction.

"What the fuck did you make that sold for that much ?!" Leon asked with a confused expression.

Rees looked thoughtful.

"Ah... a lot of things. Communication orbs, advanced spells, and most importantly... Voo-Doo magic. One of my original dark arts that I sold for twenty-five thousand gold coins." Rees replied immediately.

Leon frowned. "Wait—what do you mean you made Voo-Doo magic? I thought it was a god gift—something only people with the Magi class could use or something like that."

"No, no," Rees waved his hand immediately. "Magis just have a natural affinity for dark magic, so they are a little better at it then the others.

But Voo-Doo isn’t bound to any class, it’s not a specific skill, it’s an Art. Anyone can learn it. And seeing how sharp you are Mr. Leon... I could probably teach you to master it in two week or less.

Would you like me to teach you ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon with a curious expression.

Leon squinted. "If you invented it... how come Elves know it ?"

’If my memory is right, Reina’s brother Rubin also knew this Art. I am sure I readed it in his description.’ Leon thought in his mind as he looked at Rees.

"I sold it to them," Rees replied casually as he looked at Leon. "The Stinson family, to be precise."

"You what? Why the hell would you hand over something like that to them?" Leon asked with a shocked and confused expression.

"Because they supplied me with rare materials for my experiments from their forests,

I mean, it was a fair trade." Rees said simply.

Leon’s face darkened. "Wait. Is your dungeon... inside the Elf Kingdom, Ress ?"

"Yes," Rees replied.

"What about the gold?"

"It’s in the last room inside my dungeon, we should go and get it." he spoke immediately.

Leon groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Why did I even talk to you...?"

"What? What’s wrong?" Rees tilted his head with a confused expression.

"Rees... what do you think the current relationship is between the Human and Elf Kingdoms ?" Leon asked with a sarcastic smile.

"Umm... friends maybe ?" Rees replied hesitantly.

Leon stared at him like he’d grown another skull. "Are you stupid? Human kingdom and Elf kingdom are at war, Rees. Elves are the enemies of humans right now."

Rees blinked. "But an Elf slave I talked to recently told me that the things were going perfectly fine between the kingdoms. He also said humans would pay for it soon... I assumed that meant trade was going well between the kingdoms."

Leon shook his head. "Oh, for fuck’s sake. Why didn’t you build your dungeon in the Human Kingdom ?"

"Sure, why not? Every human that saw me screamed ’unholy abomination’ and ran away from me.

Even my own family tried to kill me after I turned into a Lich, Mr. Leon." Rees looked away, voice tight. "It was humans who raided my dungeon, stole my necroheart, and looted every single one of my equipments while I was gone. You’re the first human I’ve met in years who hasn’t come at me holding a god’s symbol, a wand, or a sword."

Leon let out a slow breath. "Fine. Whatever. What ingredients do you need ?"

"Here," Rees said, pulling out a folded paper and handing it to him. "It’s all listed on this paper."

Leon unfolded it and scanned the items. "Heart of a dead Frowl... sixty-four vampire teeth... ten vampire hearts... red, blue, and green gulios solutions... mana-infused wooden dolls... fourth-grade Frek tree bark... Trisum flower sap..."

His eyes narrowed immediately. "I don’t think, I can find even a single thing in an alchemist’s shop, that you wrote on this paper."

"Of course not," Rees said. "But there’s one place where you can get everything. The Black Market. Have you heard of it ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"I’ve heard of it," Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Have you ever been there ?" Rees asked.

"No."

"Well, that’s where we’ll find your ingredients. But to get there, we need a special kind of black sand. I know a few guys in the Human Kingdom who can sell you that sand and—"

"I have the sand," Leon interrupted, opening his inventory and pulling out the pouch Adeline had given him.

Rees blinked. "Huh. That’s convenient. Why haven’t you used it yet ?"

"I was waiting for the right time—"

"You don’t know how to use it, do you ?" Rees interrupted.

Leon sighed. "Yeah, I don’t."

"If you want, I can accompany you. But, that pouch only has enough sand for two trips. If I go with you, we’ll need to buy more sand from the market to come back."

"Do we have the money for that ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"How much is the sand worth ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

Rees nodded toward the pouch. "That amount of black sand is worth fifty copper coins."

"Fine. Let’s go." Leon tossed him the pouch.

"Wait—hold on," Rees stopped him. "You can’t go looking like that. You’ll need to cover your face. The Black Market isn’t kind to humans."

"Right..." Leon pulled a white cloth from his pocket and wrapped it around his face. "This good?"

"Perfect." Rees nodded. "Now, take half the sand from the pouch."

Leon dipped his hand inside and scooped out roughly half of the sand.

"To activate it, throw the sand on the ground and say the words: Blasious Marcious. Got it ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"Got it." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"I’ll go first." Rees turned the pouch over and spoke the words, "Blasious Marcious."

As soon as the sand hit the ground, blue flames roared up and swallowed him whole.

*Boop*

Rees vanished with the flames, it was as if they ate him.

Leon blinked, clenched his jaw, then followed in the same manner. "Blasious Marcious!"

He tossed the sand to the ground. Instantly, a blue fire coiled around his body like a living serpent.

Leon immediately closed his eyes and hoped for the best.

*Boop*

---

"You can open your eyes now," Rees’ voice echoed in Leon’s ears.

Blink. Blink.

Leon opened his eyes—and what he saw made him go still.

They were on a cold, narrow street shrouded in darkness. The buildings were crooked and stacked in impossible ways, as if some eldritch creature had rearranged a normal town into a fever dream. Glowing symbols shifted on the walls like runes that refused to sit still. Floating lanterns burned with green and violet fire.

There was a huge crowd on the street and it was... terrifying.

Demons with twisted horns. Goblins pushing carts filled with bottled organs. Elves with tattoos glowing like cursed circuitry on their whole bodies. Masked spirits hovered silently above in the skies. Dwarves and human Alchemists bargained over crates of bones. Even beastkins walked among them—everyone wore hoods or masks on their faces in order to hide their identities.

*Whoosh*

Suddenly a black-robed figure materialized out of blue flames beside Leon, his silver mask carved into the shape of a grinning skull. He glanced at Leon for a brief moment—and walked away without a word.

’What the fuck is this place...?’ Leon thought, eyes darting around the nightmare market.

Vendors whispered from shadowy stalls, peddling forbidden things—cursed weapons, preserved monster parts, rings with bloody fingers still inside them.

"Come on," Rees said, pulling his cloak tighter. "We need to get the ingredients—and more sand. Standing on one position and observing like that can get us in trouble."

Leon nodded, keeping close. "Why aren’t any of them attacking each other?"

"They can’t," Rees said quietly. "Anyone dumb enough to cause trouble here died immediately. The owner of the Black Market is a demi-god. No one wants to piss him off and no one dares to steal from him."

Leon watched as a demon with six eyes walked past a human without so much as a glance, it was as if they were just normal people passing by.

"Only intelligent creatures come here, dumb ones die outside," Rees added.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168: Vampire Lia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon and Rees stood inside a dim-lit, dust-choked shop that looked like it hadn’t seen daylight in decades. The air was thick with the scent of old wood, dried blood, and milk gone stale. There was no one behind the counter, only a clutter of bizarre items—totems made from what looked like demon claws, necklaces of polished fangs, jars filled with floating eyeballs, and more horrific things.

*Knock-Knock-Knock*

Rees raised his hand and tapped on the counter three times.

*Thud-Thud-Thud*

The sound of something crashing echoed from the back of the store, followed by the rapid stomp of footsteps rushing forward.

*Step-step-step-step-step*

A moment later, a woman emerged from behind the curtain.

She had wild black-and-white hair tied messily back, thick goggles resting atop her head, a loose bodice that barely clung to her flat chest, and two fingers missing from her left hand. Her skin was pale, almost ashen, and twin fangs peeked from her lips like a subtle warning.

"That knock... I know that knock," she said, stepping forward, her tone curious.

"Hello, Lia," Rees said with a smile.

"Rees, you undead motherfucker! Where the fuck have you been for the last fifty years ? Looks like you were getting really busy in your experiments huh ?" she grinned, showing off her sharp canines.

Leon’s eyes narrowed slightly and he activated his skill immediately.

<Inspect>.

[Name: Lia Vengers]

[Class: Swordsman]

[Race: Vampire]

[Level: 110]

[HP: 1,100,000 / 1,100,000]

[MP: 550,000 / 550,000]

[Description: Lia was once a human adventurer and she was raiding a dungeon with her party but due to unusual events, a vampire inside the dungeon bit her and turned her into a Vampire herself.

Since she couldn’t survive without blood anymore, humans tried to kill her and after that she choose to open a shop in the black market. Selling her body parts for blood and money.]

’A vampire... That’s interesting, she looks completely human if she hides her fangs.’ Leon thought, eyeing her carefully.

Lia’s sharp gaze shifted to Leon. "Who’s the human brat? Don’t tell me... did you bring him as a gift for me to drain ?"

Rees sighed. "He’s not a gift. He’s a friend, I am showing him around the black market, so keep your fangs to yourself. You are just like last time, I saw you."

"Tch, lucky boy," Lia chuckled, licking her lips. "You’ve got Rees guiding you? Shit, kid. This bag of bones is the smartest pile of dust I’ve met in the past 300 years."

"Oh? It’s been that long already ? I thought you were only 100 years old." Rees smirked.

"Still trying to butter up the girls, huh ? You don’t even have a dick." Lia spoke with a smile.

"Heheh... I can always try."

"Now putting all this aside, What do you guys want ?" Lia asked as she looked at Leon.

"Can I get two pouches of Black Sand ?" Leon asked, his voice steady.

Lia reached under the counter and slapped two small pouches onto it. "That’ll be one silver... or some dropz of your tasty blood if you’re short, hehehe."

Leon placed a silver coin down without hesitation, "I will pay with money."

"Anything else ?" she asked, eyeing Rees.

"I do need a few things, but... I’m broke, turns out all of my money is gone." Rees said, touching his skull as if trying to scratch his non-existent scalp.

Lia waved her hand dismissively. "Have I ever asked you for money ? You can pay later. Not like any of us are dying anytime soon, right ?"

Rees laughed. "In that case, I won’t be shy. I have everything written on this list- wait... where’s the list ?" He asked with a confused expression as he searched his pockets.

Leon pulled the parchment from his pocket. "You gave it to me. Here."

"Ah yes," Rees nodded, taking it.

Lia’s eyes scanned the list. "Hmm... these solutions, the frek bark... You’re making another Necroheart, aren’t you?"

Rees gave a simple nod. "My last one was stolen during the dungeon raid. Some humans came in took everything from it."

"And still no grudge. That’s why I like you," Lia said, glancing at Leon. "This man lost his heart, and he’s not even mad. My boyfriend broke my heart few years ago, that’s his head there."

Lia spoke as she pointed towards the head of a demon hanging over a hook near the entrance.

Rees shrugged. "A scholar who lets loss dictate his path never reaches the truth."

"Oh, shut up with the wisdom shit," Lia snorted. "You know I have killed more than I can count and you still say things like that. I’ll get your stuff, Voo-Doo Scholar." She vanished into the back again.

Leon’s gaze wandered around the shop, trailing over grotesque relics. ’Voo-Doo... it could be useful—especially for certain things. Wait can I use it for that ?’

"Something wrong, Mr. Leon?" Rees asked, noticing his focus.

"Rees... just to clarify—Voo-Doo allows you to stimulate someone’s body using a doll, right?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes. You link the doll to the target using his skin, blood or even a strand of hair. Whatever you do to it, they will feel it,

But, you can’t kill anyone with Voo-Doo magic, only make them feel pain or pleasure." Rees explained plainly.

Leon’s lips curled into a slow grin. "So if I make a toy... say, one shaped like a pussy—and I link it to a real woman and start fucking it... will she-"

Rees cut him off, his tone clinical. "Yes. She’ll feel everything. Every thrust. Every twitch. It’s perfectly doable but you will need a hair of that woman from near her vagina.

That’s something that I am hearing for the first time, You are really interesting Mr. Leon."

Leon’s grin widened. "I want to learn Voo-Doo magic, Rees. Teach me."

Rees chuckled softly. "Of course. In return, will you share a bit of your own wisdom with me, Mr. Leon ?" He asked.

"Sure." Leon replied immediately.

"Excellent." Rees pulled out another slip of parchment. "Lia! I’m adding more ingredients to the list!"

"Fine... where the fuck did I put the red solution." As Lia groaned from the back, Leon turned back toward the shelves, his eyes scanning the things carefully.

’If I can learn Voo-Doo magic... I can really make use of it in more than one ways. Hehehe...’ Leon thought as an evil and perverted smile appeared over his face.

Suddenly, something attracted his attention.

A black coloured bracelet was lying in one of the shelf.

"Hmm...?" Leon immediately used his skill on it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Unbalanced Bracelet]

[Rank: uncommon]

[Description: A bracelet that can increase it’s weight according to the mana supplied into it.

The weight of this bracelet can be increased by supplying mana to it and until the owner doesn’t take the mana out of it, the bracelet will stay the same weight. These bracelets were used by ancient swordsmen to train their bodies but with time they were declared non-efficient due to their huge mana consumptions.]

"Okay... Here is all the stuff you had in your list." Lia spoke as she brought out a huge pile of things from the back of the shop and placed it on the counter.

*Thud*

"Umm... Here are some more things. I will take these as well." Rees spoke as he handed her the second list.

"Oh okay..." Lia spoke as she took the list from him.

"How much for this bracelet ?" Leon asked with a smile as he took out the bracelet and placed it on his hand.

"That thing ? Look, I would sold anything for money... But, since you guys are friends. I will suggest you not to buy that thing. It’s a huge mana eater. I mean you can just get weights and use them to train." Lia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"I will buy it... How much ?" Leon asked with a smile as he walked upto the counter.

"Hmm... It’s been a very long time. How about thirty coppers ?" Lia asked as she looked at Leon.

"Deal." Leon spoke as he immediately took out thirty coppers and gave it to Lia.

"Wow... You are rich huh? Taking the money out before speaking." Lia asked with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"I am just a poor guy." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Umm... Lia, We need to go. The time is running out." Rees spoke as he looked at Lia.

"Oh... Right." Lia spoke as she immediately went back.

"What do you mean by that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Everytime you come to the Black Market... Remember that there is a certain amount of time you can stay here as a visitor.

For us that would be three to five hours, Mr. Leon. You will need to go back and come back if you want to keep roaming around the market." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"I see. So what happens if someone fails to go back ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The keepers will kick you out." Rees replied with a neutral expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169: Ask Questions carefully
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Okay... Here is all the stuff you asked for, the vampire teeths, all three solutions, liver and hearts. The wooden items are in that box and body organs are in this box, rest of the things are here." Lia said, gesturing to the pile stacked on the counter.

"Ah, thanks." Rees nodded as he looked at Leon. "Shall we leave now, Mr. Leon?"

Leon raised a brow and looked at Rees. "Aren’t you going to ask how much this all costs ?"

"It’ll be around five gold and thirty silver, with discount." Lia answered with a grin as she looked at Leon.

’Damn... that’s fucking expensive,’ Leon thought, glancing at the items.

"Don’t worry, I’ll pay my debt when I have the coin, these are the words of a scholar." Rees said, waving it off.

"No worries... You boys take care," Lia replied, then winked at Leon. "And hey—next time you run into a vampire, don’t go stabbing him or her until you know their motives. We’re not all bad you know. Maybe give them some blood as a sign of friendship."

"I’ll keep that in mind, hoping I don’t run into one," Leon answered, tone flat but respectful.

"This stuff will come with us. Let me place it down." Rees gathered the items, setting them near his feet.

"What’s the word for return ?" Leon asked curiously as he looked at Rees.

"There isn’t one," Lia said with a neutral expression, "Just throw the full pouch of Black Sand on the ground, and poof—you’re back to where you came from."

"That’s right, Mr. Leon, There is no word for return all you need to do is just throw all the sand on the ground, all at once." Rees added with a smile.

"Got it. Are you ready ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes." Rees replied.

Leon opened one pouch, gave Rees a quick nod, then hurled the sand onto the ground.

*Fwooom*

A burst of blue fire emerged from the ground and swallowed them—as they vanished from the shop.

"Interesting guy," Lia muttered, smiling as she walked back into the back of the shop.

---

Sixth Floor, Dungeon

*Swish*

Leon and Rees reappeared on the sixth floor, the pile of magical items still at their feet.

"Phew... That gave me some nostalgia," Rees muttered as he looked at Leon.

"Yeah. Gave me some trauma," Leon replied with a smirk.

"You’ll get used to it, Mr. Leon. Don’t worry." Rees chuckled, bending to collect the items.

"I hope so too." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Umm... Mr. Leon, could you arrange some tables or slabs? I’m not fond of placing delicate things like vampire organs and precious solutions on the floor." Rees asked as he looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Elis." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

A beat later, Elis appeared in a burst of light, bowing deeply in front of him.

"I greet my Master." Elis spoke.

"Hello, Elis. Could you prepare some tables and slabs for Rees, He needs space for his equipment." Leon ordered.

"As you command, Master." Elis replied immediately.

She knelt, touched the ground—and massive stone slabs slid out from the wall like clockwork and tables formed out from the ground.

"...By the Abyss, this core is even better than mine," Rees whispered, wide-eyed as he looked at Elis.

"What ? Why ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"This level of bonding... not even monsters can form this deep of a link with a dungeon core, Mr. Leon. My own core barely spoke to me when I was inside the dungeon. But her? She’s radiating a controlled mana field... and responding to you in a human form.

What else can we expect from a dungeon core." Rees spoke as he pointed towards Elis.

"Master, I believe I’m running low on mana," Elis said softly as she looked at Leon.

"Don’t worry, I’ll replenish your mana. Come on—let’s head to the seventh floor. I need some sleep as well." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Elis and started walking towards the staircase.

"Yes, Master." Elis spoke as she followed him immediately.

"Wait—what?" Rees blinked. "Did I hear you say you’re going to give mana to a dungeon core ?" Rees asked with an extremely confused expression.

"Yes, that’s what I said." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"But... you’re a human. Your body shouldn’t even be able to store enough mana for that!" Rees asked with an even more confused expression.

"An undead asking this many questions... now that’s something new," said a cold voice from the shadows.

Rees immediately spun around.

Two glowing blue eyes stared at him, from the corner of the room.

Then, a massive feline figure stepped into the light.

"D-Don’t move! That’s—That’s a Shadow Velmora! A monster has infiltrated the dungeon! We need to run to the next floor, Mr. Leon." Rees yelped, scrambling behind Leon.

"You’re scaring a skeleton now ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Dusk.

"My apologies, Master," Dusk said calmly, seating himself in front of Leon. "But I’ve never seen an undead with so many questions."

"And how are you even scared? You’re already dead, Rees." Leon added as he turned around and looked at him.

Rees peeked from behind Leon’s back, trembling. "W-Why is this Monster... calling you Master, Mr. Leon ?"

"Because sir Leon is my master," Dusk replied with a proud expression as he looked at Leon.

"...What ?" Rees asked as he slowly walked out from Leon’s back.

Leon sighed. "Look, I can’t give you all the answers and neither do I have the time to tell you stories.

So, I will tell you this shortly in one sentence, I have infinite mana. Dusk here can sense it—he has mana-sensitive eyes. It’s part of what attracted him to me.

That’s also how I supply Elis with mana. Now, I will take my leave." Leon spoek with a smile.

Leon turned to leave immediately.

"Wait! What !????" Rees called out, catching up with him. "You just raised more questions in my head, than you answered Mr. Leon!"

"I know." Leon replied with a knowing smirk.

"...You did that on purpose, didn’t you ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"Could be a possibility." Leon replied with a smile.

"You’re a cruel, evil man." Rees spoke.

Leon smirked. "That’s how it goes, Rees. You ask one question—I’ll give you ten more to think about. Be careful next time. I don’t answer everything. Ask questions carefully."

With that, he descended the stairs.

Rees stared, dumbfounded. "...I-I understand," he mumbled, walking back to the slab to sort the items, Leon’s words lingering in his mind.

---

Seventh Floor

Leon entered to the smell of cooking. Olga and Reina were chatting at the table as they made food, and Reina’s elf ears were fully visible.

"Looks like you two became friends, huh ?" Leon said with a grin as he walked up to them—and grabbed both their ass cheeks with a firm squeeze.

*Squeeze—Squeeze*

"Anhh~"

"Anhhh~ Leon... You naughty boy," Olga purred, turning to kiss him on the lips immediately.

Chuuu~

Leon grabbed her neck gently, slipping his tongue inside her warm mouth and rolling it around inside.

Reina’s face flushed red. Her legs trembled as wet heat pooled between her thighs, her pussy immediately started releasing love juices, making her panties wet. She stared hard at the chopping board, slicing faster to hide her embarrassed expression.

Her ears turned crimson red and her legs started to tremble.

*Chop-Chop-Chop*

After a minute-long kiss, Leon pulled back, his lips glistening and a long thread of saliva pulling in-between their mouths.

"Olga, did you tell Reina about us?" he asked with a sly grin.

"Oh, not yet. Should I?" Olga asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Please do." Leon replied with a perverted smile.

Olga giggled, pressing her ass into his crotch. "Well... I’m Master Leon’s cum-dump. I open my legs whenever and wherever he asks. He fucks me like really crazy you know."

"You little slut," Leon whispered, groping her tit with one hand.

*Squeeze*

"Anhhhhh~ Yessss~" Olga moaned, dropping her spoon on the counter.

Clink!

Leon turned to Reina with a smile. "Your turn, Darling. Introduce yourself and your relationship with me to dear Olga."

"I-I’m Reina Stinson..." she said nervously. "I’m Master’s sex doll. I obey everything he says and do anything he wishes in b-bed."

Olga smiled wide. "Ooooh~ that means we’re sisters! We should have sex with him on my mattress. Like, I can lick his dick and you can suck his balls."

Leon smirked with a perverted grin."Alright, I’ll use you both later. For now... I need a nap and Olga, keep up with the good ideas."

He slapped both their asses on his way towards the throne.

Slap—Slap

"Anhh~"

"Anhhh~"

"Elis... Wake me up when you are done taking the mana and this time. Take double the mana from last time." Leon ordered as he went to sleep.

"As you command, Master." Elis spoke as she started taking mana from Leon’s hand.

[-800 MP]

[+279996 MP]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170: The Lopez Squad
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weaver Household

Royal carriages stood silently in front of the grand estate. Royal Knights flanked them, standing beside their horses with still, disciplined posture.

Inside the mansion, silence reigned.

Frecio stood quietly outside the house leader’s room, his eyes resting on the old paintings hung across the hallway. The silence was heavy—no voices, no footsteps. The air itself seemed to hold its breath.

No servants were allowed on the first floor, not even the head maid or private butlers.

In the room beyond, Prince Charles sat alone on a velvet couch. Laid out before him was a lavish spread—platters of rich foods, colorful desserts, fine wines, and exotic beverages. But not a single dish had been touched by him.

His eyes were locked on a single sheet of paper. The longer he stared, the more the sweat gathered on his brow.

*Knock-Knock*

The sudden sound startled him. His head snapped toward the door, heart thudding at an incredible speed.

*Phew...*

Exhaling slowly, Charles straightened his back and adjusted his posture, cracking his neck a bit... He slowly wiped off the sweat from his forehead.

*Crack*

"May I come in, Your Highness?" came an old man’s voice from behind the door.

"Come in," Charles answered calmly, maintaining his posture.

*Click*

The door opened, and an elderly man in his sixties stepped in. He had long, red-and-white hairs, neat attire, and a pair of yellow tinted goggles over his eyes.

"Your Highness, forgive me for the delay. I had to change clothes after the wolf hunting trip—"

"I don’t care, Mr. Gregory Weaver," Charles said sharply, meeting his gaze with cold eyes.

Gregory blinked with a confused expression but he wasn’t afraid of Charles a bit. "I noticed you haven’t touched the food. Are you perhaps upset by my late arriv—"

"Mr. Weaver," Charles cut in immediately, "I respect you. I truly do. But my appetite is fucking dead." His voice cracked slightly. "I... I apologize for the language, sir."

Gregory’s expression shifted to concern. "Is this about the Truvale Checkpost ?"

"Yes, sir. We went there, Last night." Charles’s voice was neutral, almost calm but filled with tension at the same time.

"Did they tell you anything, Your Highness? I’m sure there was some problem with the ravens, it was impossible for them to flew all the way here in a snow storm like last ni—" Gregory began, walking closer and settling onto the couch across from Charles. He reached for a teacup gently.

"They’re all dead, Mr. Weaver," Charles interrupted, his voice dead serious.

*Thud*

The teacup slipped from Gregory’s hand and shattered on the floor immediately.

*Tang*

"W-What did you say, Your Highness?" Gregory asked, stunned.

"All twenty thousand soldiers are dead, Mr. Weaver." Charles said, his tone unwavering. "That’s why there’s been no response from the Knights. That’s why the supply wagons never returned. They were never late. They just couldn’t do it... Because they were dead."

Gregory’s jaw trembled. "Th-that’s not possible... No one can kill that many soldiers, not in just three hours. You must’ve been—"

"I saw the bodies myself, Mr. Weaver." Charles said, cutting him off again. "Only one survivor—a child. He’s sitting in my carriage, right now. I haven’t gone to my father yet. I came here first... because I need answers before I face him.

You have been on the battlefields Mr. Weaver, you know everything about Demons, Monsters, Elfs and other things more than anyone else in this kingdom. Please help me."

Gregory stared at the floor, his face still twisted in disbelief.

"Mr. Weaver ? Can you hear me ?" Charles said louder as he waved his hand in front of his face.

Gregory flinched as he came out of his deep thinking ."Y-Yes. Tell me... how did they die ?"

"In the most brutal way imaginable," Charles said, his voice now laced with horror and fear. "Their organs were ripped out. Their faces were... chewed off. Non-combatants like chefs and wagon drivers, took their own lives. Poison, daggers, anything they could find. Soldiers were eaten. Torn apart into pieces, it was a horrible view."

He pulled a piece of paper from his coat and placed it on the table.

"I found this symbol carved into the back of one of the highest-ranking knights. Sir Esward."

Gregory leaned forward and picked it up immediately. The symbol was an eye, etched into the center of a claw mark.

His hands began to tremble.

His eyes widened in fear.

Sweat began to roll down his temples.

The silence in the room turned suffocating as Gregory stared at the symbol.

Charles swallowed hard. "Is it a demon? An elf? What is it? You know this symbol. I can see it in your face. Tell me what is this ?"

Gregory stared into Charles’s eyes.

"A-A human," he said finally, his voice almost hollow.

"What?" Charles stepped forward, stunned. "That... that can’t be. No human is capable of doing this."

"This... This was the insignia of the Lopez Squad, Your highness." Gregory said, still staring at the paper.

"The what? What’s that?" Charles asked with a confused expression as he didn’t knew anything about it.

Gregory stood abruptly. "Your Highness, you shouldn’t be involved in this. I need to take this matter directly to the king."

Charles moved to block him. "No. I came to you first because I want to know what happened. I’ll decide what reaches my father. Tell me. What is the Lopez Squad?"

Gregory’s eyes searched Charles’s face, then he sighed in resignation.

"Fine. But if we’re doing this... we’re going to the Helix Library. Come." Gregory replied with a serious expression.

Without another word, Gregory opened the door and stepped out. Charles followed closely behind. Frecio joined them silently.

"Are you leaving again, dear?" A woman in her sixties, dressed in a noble gown, approached Gregory with a puzzled look.

"Yes, darling. Urgent work has come up,

I will be back by evening," Gregory replied, barely slowing down.

The three men exited the mansion and climbed into the carriage.

"Take us to the Helix Library. Immediately," Charles ordered a knight through the window.

"Yes, Your Highness," the knight replied and relayed the command to the driver.

The carriage began moving. Behind them, the Royal Knights followed on horseback, hooves pounding the cobblestone roads.

---

As the royal procession made its way through the capital, every citizen—noble and commoner alike—fell to their knees, bowing their heads as the carriage passed.

Within ten minutes, the grand doors of the Helix Library came into view. The carriage halted. All three stepped down and started walking towards the gates.

"Frecio, stay with the carriage, you can’t come." Gregory instructed as he looked at Frecio.

"But, I am with Your Highness—"

"Stay," Charles said firmly. "I’ll be back soon."

"As you command, Your Highness." Frecio nodded reluctantly as he immediately stepped back.

As Gregory and Charles entered the library, the atmosphere changed. The moment the librarians and scholars on the first floor saw them, they froze—and then bowed immediately.

"Continue reading," Gregory said without pause, moving to the center of the library. He looked upward.

"Can you take us up, Your majesty ?" Gregory asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, Alcomoto fleios." Charles immediately chanted a spell.

The air shimmered with magic as both men rose into the air, floating upward. Within seconds, they arrived on the sixth floor.

A large, iron-reinforced door loomed ahead.

Charles hesitated. "I... I don’t think I’m allowed on this floor yet, Sir."

Gregory reached into his coat. "You are now entering inside under the weaver household’s authority. Though I must say, I’m surprised your father hasn’t granted you access yet."

He pulled out a golden key and inserted it into the keyhole.

*Click*

The door swung open and both of them entered indi the library.

Dust choked the air. Darkness filled the room.

"Frier." Gregory spoek as he chanted a spell this time.

Torches ignited in unison, casting flickering light over hundreds of ancient books stacked within towering wooden shelves.

"Woah... What is this place ?" Charles whispered, taking it all in.

"This is where the real truth sleeps," Gregory said. "Our kingdom’s growth wasn’t from hard work alone. We made deals. Took shortcuts. Formed... some unholy alliances. These are the records of wars fought, secrets buried, and the names of those who helped build this kingdom—names we no longer speak.

Only those houses are permitted in this library that helped this kingdom in it’s making. One of those houses was the Lopez Household."

He walked forward with purpose.

"Twelve... thirteen... fourteen..." Gregory muttered as he counted spines. "This one."

He pulled out the fifteenth book on the right. The dust clouded, then settled.

Two words emerged on the brown leather cover:

’Lopez Squad’

Gregory stared at it for a moment, then handed it to Charles.

"I don’t know everything... but what little I do know is this: until today, it was considered a myth. Remember one thing, Your Highness... whatever you read here in this room, shall not go out with you." Gregory spoke with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171: The Vendigos Of Lopez Squad
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

— Record, Year 6969 —

The Human Kingdom was small back then—fragile, surrounded by threats. Everyone looked down on us. The Elves. The Dwarves. Even the Beastkin.

We were backed into a corner.

From the southern border, an army of demons was advancing.

At that time, King Altros Hunderburg sat on the throne. A ruthless man, but fair. Cold, but deeply loyal to his people. He was exactly the kind of leader we needed in those times.

Altros wasn't alone. He had seven trusted friends—more than friends. Brothers. They stood beside him through every hardship, willing to make any sacrifice to ensure humanity would rise to it's peak and make it's place among the great Kingdoms.

The Elves and Dwarves didn't attack us outright, but they offered no help against the demonic threats. In a way they wanted us to get wiped out.

Our soldiers were dying everyday and the number of demons were Increasing at an incredible speed.

That's when one of the seven brothers—Neo Lopez—proposed a dark, forbidden idea to Altros.

Altros rejected it immediately. Called it blasphemous. Warned Lopez never to speak of it again with anyone else.

And so, Lopez said nothing.

But that didn't stop him from executing his idea.

In secret, he began carrying out his plan deep within his mansion's underground chamber.

Every day, he had demon corpses stolen from the battlefield by loyal soldiers. The bodies were smuggled into his basement—raw, still radiating infernal energy.

Then came the children.

Ten of them. Orphans. Poor, starving, desperate. They would do anything for a meal.

And Lopez gave them one.

Raw demon meat and demon blood.

Every day, for the next seven days, he fed it to them forcefully.

On the eighth day, six of the children died—vomiting black bile, convulsing in agony.

The four who survived... changed.

Their bodies mutated. Their strength multiplied. Their eyes turned hollow and cold. They no longer looked human.

They became monsters.

Monsters on our side.

Lopez trained them himself. Conditioned them to obey. Turned them into perfect weapons, ruthless killing machines.

He named them 'The Vendigos of Lopez Squad'.

They were fast. Merciless. Silent. They didn't speak. They didn't sleep. They existed only to hunt and eat.

Lopez kept them hidden, waiting for the right time.

That time came sooner than he had expected, in the mid-winters.

The demons launched a full-scale invasion. The harsh and extreme cold crippled our soldiers, made it difficult for them to fight properly. The southern defenses fell in a heart beat. Villages burned. The kingdom bled as the Demon armies walked in and started killing the citizens mercilessly.

King Altros was out of options and desperate.

Without any choices, He turned to Lopez.

Lopez didn't wait and unleashed his own monsters.

For the first time demons... felt fear.

That night, terror gripped the kingdom—not from the demons, but from what hunted them. No human was allowed to get out of their houses until the dawn.

The Vendigos stalked the streets like shadows. They didn't fight—they slaughtered demon armies like chickens. No matter how strong the demon, they fell within seconds in front of the Lopez Squad.

The demons fled from the kingdom. But the Vendigos didn't stop.

They pursued and slaughtered them without showing any mercy.

One by one, they killed the retreating demons.

Until one stepped forward—Gurua, the second and one of the most powerful demon general.

She was powerful beyond belief. She tore through three of the four Vendigos, leaving only one alive.

His name was Mikael and he was the strongest in the Lopez Squad. They fought for three days through the valleys of the Southern Borders.

At last, Mikael killed Gurua but even after killing her, he stayed inside the valley and continued eating Gurua's body for the next ten days.

By the time the search parties arrived, he was gone. They only found Gurua's bones and fighting marks all over the valley.

Mikael never returned to the Human Kingdom after that.

---

Neo Lopez and his allies were hailed as heroes. Altros awarded them seven-star nobility—an honor of brotherhood.

The kingdom flourished in peace and harmony, no one dared to look down on us and no one dared to offend us.

Ten years of peace followed.

Then came the horror.

I still remember that day very clearly, A messenger burst into the royal court with a single line:

"The Lopez Household has been wiped out."

Over 700 trained knights. 200 Royal Guards. Gone. Slaughtered in a single night.

No warning. No survivors. Just dead bodies and not normal ones.

Every body was mutilated—faces chewed off, entrails dragged from split stomachs.

On one of the corpse's back, there was a symbol etched.

An eye carved inside a claw.

This body belonged to none other than Neo Himself.

Altros knew.

He didn't need confirmation.

Mikael had returned.

The Demon they created... was now hunting them.

Altros tripled security across the kingdom. Paranoia gripped him. Until his dying breath, he lived in fear—waiting for Mikael to come for him.

He made elaborate arrangements to protect his bloodline. His descendants. His legacy.

But The Vendigo never returned.

Years passed.

And like all horrors... it became a story. In the future it might became a Myth.

But beware—

The Vendigo cannot die… unless he is killed. He will roam this world among us.

----------------------------------------

*Thud*

Charles closed the book, the pages settling with a soft groan of age. He looked over at Gregory, his expression grim.

"It's been three hundred years," Charles said, his voice low. "How is that possible? How can someone live that long?"

Gregory answered without hesitation. "The Vendigo can't die unless killed. He's not bound by time. He's a cursed demon in human flesh."

Charles frowned, still processing it. "But... why now? Why return after all these years?"

Gregory's gaze was hard. "I don't know. That's why I need to speak to His Majesty immediately."

Charles nodded slowly. "Yes. And I still need to deliver my own report."

Without another word, the two men closed the ancient book and stepped out of the chamber, descending from the seventh floor, they headed towards the Royal Castle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172: Gwak
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

**GWAK.**

A slow, rhythmic suction pulled Leon from the edges of sleep. His body stirred, warmth pooling low in his belly as a slick, velvety pressure enveloped his cock.

'Hmm… Something's squishy. Wet. Feels too damn good.' He thought in his mind as a lazy smirk curled up on his lips.

**GWAK—GWAK.**

The pace quickened, each greedy pull sending sparks up his spine. His hips twitched instinctively, seeking more of that delicious and wet warmth. "Fuck, is someone sucking my—?"

**GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK.**

Leon's eyes flew open immediately.

Olga knelt between his thighs, her lips stretched around his shaft, her tongue a wicked tease against the throbbing tip. Every bob of her head sent a shockwave of pleasure through him, her mouth a tight, wet heaven. Strands of her hair stuck to her flushed cheeks, her eyes glazed with hunger as she worked him relentlessly.

**GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK.**

"Well, hello, darling," Leon spoke, his voice deep with sleep and lust.

Olga's only response was a muffled "Mnfff~ Mnfff~ Mnffff~ Mnnffff~", her throat vibrating around him as she took him deeper.

"Yeah, whatever you are saying... I think I like it." Leon replied with a smile.

On the other side, Elis withdrew her hand from Leon's, her mana transfer complete. "My mana is full now, Master," she stated, her tone neutral, detached.

Leon barely looked at her. His focus was split between Olga's vaccum like mouth and the absent-minded question he tossed Elis' way: "When's your next evolution, Elis ?"

"Six to ten days, Master. If I maintained my mana to full." Her reply was clinical.

"Right." His fingers tangled in Olga's hair, urging her down further.

**GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK.**

"Fucking Hell—how are you doing that with your tongue ? It's like your tongue is grasping around the tip of my dick and giving it another blowjob." he groaned. The way she swirled it, flicked it, pressed it flat against his sensitive underside. It was as if she was a master of blowjobs.

Olga's eyes gleamed with mischief.

"Mnffff~ Mnnffff~ Mnnfff~ Mnnfff~" She tried to speak something but no words came out again.

"Yeah. Just like that." Leon spoke as he completely ignored her and his grip tightened on her head.

He couldn't resist—he thrust upward, burying himself to the hilt in her throat. She gagged, but her nails dug into his thighs, begging for air.

The pressure coiled, white-hot. "Shit—Olga, I'm gonna—" His warning came too late. With a ragged groan, he came hard, pulses of cum flooding her mouth and throat immediately.

**GULP-GULP-GULP.**

She drank all the cum down greedily, her throat working perfectly, not a drop was wasted. When she finally pulled off, a lewd string of saliva and cum connected her sweet pink lips to his still-hard cock. She licked it away slowly, then smirked up at him. "*Hah*… that was really Delicious. I didn't knew a men's milk was so tasty."

Leon chuckled, breathless. His gaze trailed lower. "Well, well… Look at the mess you made." The stone floor beneath Olga glistened—her love juices had pooled there, thick and undeniable.

A single, glistening strand of her own slick stretched between her pussy and the floor, proof of just how much she'd enjoyed herself.

"Well... I couldn't control my pussy. When I drank your milk, it was as if my pussy was going crazy and it started leaking." Olga spoke with a smile as she started rubbing her wet pussy in front of Leon, her huge ass-cheeks hovering over the ground.

*Grab-Grab*

"Well... Time to pay for what you have done to my dick, don't you think ?" Leon asked with a smile as he grabbed both of her boobs and pulled her forward, his cock sliding over her face and nostrils.

"Anhhh~ I am ready to take the full responsibility of My master's big cock, that I made hard.

Oh, I am sorry... I meant my pussy will take all the responsibility for the huge cock that I made hard." Olga spoke as she gave a kiss on his dick's tip.

*Chuu*

"You dirty talking, slutty Cum-Dump..." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately tore open her bodice.

*Teeaaar*

"Anhhh~ Master, I only had that one." Olga spoke with a smile as she intentionally jiggled her boobs in front of Leon.

*Boing-Boing*

"Anhhh~ Anhhh~ would you look at that, Master ? My boobs are jiggling so much." Olga spoke with a perverted expression as she looked at Leon while biting down on her pinky finger.

'How did she get so good on seducing ? Was she getting shy at first ? Well, who gives a fuck ? I have a dumb slut, who knows how to please her master.' Leon thought for a second as he grabbed both of her nipples and pulled them towards himself really tight.

*Pull-Pull*

"Annnnhhhhhhh~ Masterrrrr~ don't pull my breasts like that~" Olga moaned loudly as she closed her eyes and rubbed her pussy even faster, her juices whirling around like crazy on the floor.

"Stupid slut, you were the one who told me to take care of your jiggling boobs and you are rubbing your pussy like some broken bitch.

I didn't knew you were such a slut when I first fucked you." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Olga, while poking his nipples with his index fingers.

"Annnhh~ I learned all this from Reina, Master." Olga spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Wait, What !?" Leon asked with a smile as he immediately turned his head around and noticed Reina hiding behind the bed and watching all this from a distance while she rubbed her own pussy.

"Hyaa-" She made a weird sound and immediately turned her face the other way.

"You are still rubbing your pussy... Your ass is so high up that the bed can't hide it. Come here." Leon spoke with a smile as he inserted his cock in between Olga's tits and started giving himself a boob-job.

"Umm... Should I move my boobs up and down ?" Olga asked as she looked at Leon.

"Yes, Use your hands to squeeze my your boobs as much as possible around my cock, while moving them up and down slowly and keep talking like a broken slut." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Master... Please keep fucking my clevage as much as you want with your huge cock." Olga spoke with a smile as she wrapped her boobs around Leon's cock tightly and moved them up and down.

Meanwhile, Reina walked upto Leon.

"Remove your clothes and masturbate... Let's see how well you do it." Leon spoke with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173: Reina’s Training
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Olga’s heavy boobs enveloped Leon’s cock, her soft flesh slick with sweat and Leon’s precum as she worked him in a slow, sinuous rhythm.

Each upward glide teased his tip, glistening precum smearing across her cleavage, while every downward thrust buried him in the warm valley of her tits.

*Schlp--Schlp--Schlp*

The lewd, wet sounds filled the dungeon air,

ningling with Reina’s breathy whimpers.

The beautiful elf maid stood before them, naked, her legs spread wide, fingers working furiously between her dripping pussy lips.

Her gaze never left Leon’s cock-watching, craving-as it disappeared again and

again between Olga’s bouncing mounds.

’Anhh~ I hope you are liking my boob-pussy, Master ?" Olga purred, her voice thick with lust. She squeezed tighter, her nipples brushing against his shaft as she smirked up at him.

Leon groaned, his hips jerking forward slowly. "Of course, I do." His eyes flicked to Reina, taking in the way her fingers pistoned in and out of her slick cunt, her thighs trembling and her love juices dropping down from her thighs.

"But I heard something interesting."

Reina’s breath hitched as his attention landed on her.

"I heard you taught my little slut Olga here how to talk dirty," Leon mused, his voice a low, perverted and teasing. "And how to jiggle those tits just right in front of me. Is that true, Reina ?"

"Y-Yes, Master~ Anhh~! I-I am very sorry Anhh~ If you didn’t liked it." Her apology dissolved into a moan as she rubbed faster, her clit swollen under her frantic touch.

*Schlp-Schlp-Schlp-Schlp*

Olga’s pace quickened, her tits molding around

Leon’s cock like a second cunt, her tongue darting out to lick the head every time it peeked out from between her flesh.

Leon’s grin turned predatory. "Now, where’d you learn that, Reina ?"

Reina’s back arched, her free hand pinching her own nipples, twisting them as she bit her lip hard enough to whiten her skin. "I-l was taughts Anhhh~ in the training.. on how to please a human male~ Anhhh~ If it were necessary, Master~"

"Mmm. And what else did they teach you in this so called ’training’ ?" Leon’s voice dropped, dark with amusement as he made air quotes with his fingers.

Reina’s fingers plunged deeper, her hips bucking against her own hand. "T-They taught me to~ Anhh~ appreciate a man’s thing, no matter how small it is master~ Anhhh~" Leon’s eyebrow arched.

"A man’s what thing ? Can you explain it to me more clearly ?"

Her eyes locked onto his cock, her voice a

breathless whine. "A-A man’s dick, Master. His

dick.. Anhhh~ No matter how small it is, we have to worship it~ Make them believe they’re superior to me~"

A rough chuckle escaped Leon’s lips. "Is that so?" He let his next words hang, deliberate.

"Then tell me. when I fucked you that night, were you just reciting lines? Faking those pretty moans all night as your pussy leaked like a broken faucet ?"

Reina’s fingers stilled-just for a second-before

she gasped, "Not at all, Master! Every word, every moan that came out of my mouth that night... Anhh~ it was all real." Her desperate gaze met his, her pussy clenching around her own fingers as if begging for his cock to just penetrate it.

"How can I believe you?" Leon taunted, watching her squirm.

With a whimper, Reina sank two fingers

knuckle-deep into her soaked cunt, her other

hand spreading her lips wide--offering, proving.

"I have a heart contract as your slave, Master.. How could I ever lie to you ?" She spoke with a perverted expression as her face turned red.

"That’s enough, Olga... Looks like I have a dripping Elf cunt and I have to test if it’s loyal to my dick or not." Leon murmured with a dark smirk, his voice laced with dominance. He pulled his thick, veiny cock from between her slippery breasts, a string of saliva-thick pre-cum connecting her cleavage to his shaft. With a slow, teasing motion, he slapped it twice against her hardened nipples.

*Slap-Slap*

Each hit made her jolt slightly, her breath hitching as her nipples stiffened even more under the cock-slapping.

"Ahhnn~ But what about my pussy, Master ?" Olga whined, her voice dripping with need as she turned around, then bent low in one smooth motion. Her wide hips tilted up toward him, presenting her soaking, swollen pussy lips like an offering.

Her pussy was flushed, hot and glistening— her lips parting and twitching as if aching to be filled, glistening nectar running freely down her inner thighs.

"You’re going to leave me like this, Master ? With such a dripping pussy... ?" she added in a trembling voice, turning her head to glance back at him with tear-glazed, desperate eyes.

Leon’s breath deepened at the sight. Her pussy throbbed—literally pulsing—inviting his cock to sink into her molten heat.

"I guess that elf cunt can wait," he growled, stepping up behind her with a hungry grin. "This needy human pussy is begging to be fucked first. So I will take care of her."

He grabbed his cock and dragged the tip along her slit, smearing her juices all over himself. The moment his crown touched her entrance, it slipped easily up and down her wet cleft, making lewd squelching sounds with each stroke.

"F-Fuck~" Olga gasped, her hips twitching in response. She pushed back, grinding her pussy against his cock with shameless desperation. "Please, Master... don’t tease me like this. I need it— I need your cock inside me, I beg you, Please."

"You’re always in need of a cock," Leon muttered, his eyes fixed on her bouncing ass and that soaked, twitching pussy hole. "A slut like you should get this."

Without warning, he brought his hand down hard on her cheek.

*SMACK*

The impact echoed, making Olga moan loudly and arch her back even more.

Then he gripped her hips tight and rammed his cock inside her in one savage thrust.

*SLAP*

"AHHHHH~!" she screamed, her entire body jolting as his shaft bottomed out, smashing into her deepest wall. Her pussy clenched violently around him, sucking him in as if her body never wanted to let him go.

"Fucking hell..." Leon groaned, savoring the feeling. "How are you still this tight? I fucked you so hard last... but you still feel like a virgin wrapped in silk."

"Because it’s your dick, Master!" Olga cried, tears welling in her eyes from the sheer intensity of pleasure. "My pussy always hugs your cock tightly... even I can’t control it master!"

Leon gritted his teeth, pulled halfway out, and then started slamming into her pussy with merciless speed.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Her cheeks rippled with every thrust. Her body rocked forward under the force of each brutal stroke, but she held firm, bracing herself and moaning like a bitch in heat.

"Ahh~ Ahhh~ Yes! Harder, Master! More! Fuck me moreeee~" Olga begged, her tongue rolling out slightly as she lost herself in the overwhelming pleasure.

The sound of wet flesh colliding filled the air, mixed with her breathy moans and Leon’s deep, satisfied grunts. Her walls milked his cock, spasming around him, trying to coax his release.

"You hear that, Reina ? That will be your greedy cunt after her." Leon spoke as he looked at Reina.

"Annhhh~ I-I understand, Master~" Reina spoke in a low voice as she continued to look at Leon’s cock pumping into Olga’s pussy.

Leaning forward and applying pressure on Olga’s back, Leon pressed his dick’s tip on Olga’s lower G-spot.

Her whole body shivered at the sudden pleasure. "Ahhhh~ Yesssss~ Masterrrrrr~"

Olga shouted loudly as her eyes crossed and she made an ahegao face.

Leon grabbed her hair and yanked her head back, making her arch even more as he pistoned into her faster, deeper, louder.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Their bodies moved in perfect sync, lust and heat pouring off them like waves. Her pussy was a wet, velvet vice and Leon was using it like a toy to let out his lust.

Reina was also moving her fingers in and out of her pussy in the same rythmic pattern.

"You’re not cumming until I say so, do you understand, Olga ?" Leon asked as he slapped her ass cheeks tightly.

*Slap*

"Anhhh~ Y-Yes, Master~!" she moaned, barely coherent now. "I’ll hold it—I’ll wait for your orders. Anhhhh~"

’I want it as well... In my pussy. I want master’s dick to fuck my pussy as well.’ Reina thought as she looked at Leon’s dick greedily.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Nahhh~ Mnfffd~ Yaanffff~"

Leon continued to pound Olga’s pussy for the next 30 minutes without any stops and everytime he slapped his cock into her pussy, Olga stopped herself from cumming.

30 minutes later...

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Massster~ I am cumming... Please let me Cum. Anhhhhh~" Olga spoke as she asked for Leon’s permission.

"Fuck... Olga, I am cumming as well." Leon groaned as he immediately released thick threads of cum into Olga’s pussy.

"Anhhhh~ I am Cumming Masterrrrrr~" Olga moaned loudly as she released a fountain of cum from her pussy.

Reina also came a little but her pussy was throbbing for Leon’s cock.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174: I think, I broke her
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Phew~ that was good," Leon exhaled with a satisfied grin, pulling his thick cock out of Olga’s twitching pussy. A string of warm, creamy cum clung to her inner lips, slowly oozing out of her used hole in thick drips.

Her body lay limp, thighs shaking from the merciless pounding she’d taken, her chest heaving faintly—unconscious, but with a blissed-out smile still on her flushed face.

Leon admired the mess for a moment, the glistening trail of his cum dripping down her fleshy thighs and onto the stone floor.

"Elis... take Olga to her bed," he ordered casually, as he looked at Elis.

"As you command, Master," came the calm reply.

With a subtle motion, Elis pressed her palm to the floor. A smooth slab of enchanted stone rose beneath Olga, reshaping into a bed. It lifted her gently, cradling her limp form, and began gliding toward the corner of the room in silence—except for the wet schlicks echoing from the trail she left behind.

Schlp... schlp... schlp... schlp... schlp...

Then a breathless voice broke the silence.

"M-Master..."

Leon turned.

Across the room, kneeling on the floor, was Reina.

Her cheeks were flushed bright pink, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Her legs were spread, fingers buried deep between them, her soaked pussy dripping freely. Her glowing green eyes weren’t on his face—they were locked hungrily on his still-hard cock, slick with Olga’s juices.

"You perverted little elf," Leon said with a mocking smirk.

He walked toward her slowly, letting her eyes trace the heavy sway of his cock. Then, without warning, he reached down and grabbed both of her soft, perfectly-shaped breasts, squeezing them firmly in his hands.

"A-Ahhhhnn~ Masterrr~!" Reina let out a trembling moan, her entire body jolting under his touch. Her back arched, nipples stiffening against his palms. At that very instant, a fresh gush of slick cum streamed from between her thighs, puddling beneath her.

*Squirt*

"Anhh~ M-Masterrr... I-I want it." she whimpered, her voice cracked with need.

Leon looked down at her with amusement and a perverted smile. "What do you want, you little elf slut ?"

"I-I-I... want-" Reina’s voice faltered. Her gaze dropped in embarrassment, her cheeks flaring red as she tried to look away.

Leon leaned closer, his lips brushing her ear. "I don’t think I heard you clearly. If you want something from me, say it louder. Let’s hear how nasty things they taught you in your training. Speak the dirtiest words you know and I will give you want you want."

Reina trembled. Her breathing hitched. Then, slowly, she looked up at him, eyes glassy, lips quivering and spoke in a broken, desperate tone,

"I... I want your huge dick inside me, Master. I want it to choke my pussy... fuck it so badly it never forgets your dick’s shape or the taste. Please, Master, pump it deep—stuff me full of your baby syrup. I want it inside my womb, Master...!" Reina spoke without hesitation as she looked at him.

Leon raised an eyebrow, grinning like a devil. "What a filthy mouth you’ve got," he murmured, leaning in. "Better shut it."

Then he crushed his lips against hers.

*Chuuuuuuuuuuu*

Reina whimpered into the kiss, her lips melting under his. Leon started slow—licking the soft curve of her lower lip, teasing it with his tongue. Then he slipped inside, deep and commanding, his tongue exploring her mouth as if he owned her inside.

"Mnfff~" Reina tried to moan, but his tongue swallowed the sound, leaving her breathless.

One of his hands slid from her chest down to her trembling stomach. He dragged his fingers across her smooth skin until they reached her soaked pussy.

*Schlp... schlp... schlp...*

His fingers began stroking her clit in slow, precise circles. Reina’s legs trembled violently. Her thighs threatened to close, but he forced them apart again with his knee.

Leon continued to kiss her deeply, his lips devouring hers while his fingers worked her clit in relentless, slow circles. He alternated between soft teases and sudden flicks, watching her thighs twitch and her breath stutter each time he changed rhythm.

Reina melted into him, her body pliant and needy, completely at his mercy.

Finally, after a minute of torturous teasing, Leon pulled his lips away—leaving her gasping for breath, a string of saliva connecting their mouths. At that very moment, he gave her swollen clit a firm, merciless pinch.

"Anhhhhhhh~!!" Reina cried out, her eyes rolling back as her entire body convulsed.

Squirrrtttttttt!!

A sudden, forceful stream of warm cum gushed from her pussy, splashing on the cold stone floor beneath her. Her legs buckled, her knees trembling violently as the pleasure overwhelmed her. She barely stayed upright.

"You really turned into a pathetic little cum-slut after that night, huh?" Leon taunted, smirking.

"Cumming from just a pinch... how weak your body has become. If you had to please me in that mansion, I don’t think you could’ve hided your identity for long."

"I-I’m sorry, Master... I-I don’t know what’s happening to me..." Reina gasped between moans, her chest rising and falling rapidly. "Whenever you touch me... my body goes wild. It just—wants to be fucked by you."

Her words came out breathy and broken, her eyes locking hungrily onto his cock—still slick and pulsing. Her gaze didn’t leave it, not even for a second.

’She’s like a bitch in heat,’ Leon thought with a grin. ’She can’t even speak to me without staring at my cock like it’s her life purpose. Hah... I’ve broken her completely. Elf sex drives are really wild. It’s time to fix her.’

Leon stepped behind her, one hand gripping her narrow waist while the other groped her fat, jiggling tit with greedy fingers. Her body responded instantly—arching, trembling, already soaked and begging for more.

He pressed his thick, slick cock right between her thighs, dragging it along her dripping cunt, the fat tip grinding hard against her swollen, needy clit.

"Ahhh~ Masterrr~ please... don’t tease my pussy like that, I-I can’t take more of this," Reina moaned, her voice cracked and shameless. Her hips bucked back on their own, trying to force his cock in, desperate to get stuffed full.

Leon leaned in close, his voice low and filthy in her ear. "Shhh... cock-hungry cum-dumpsters like you don’t get to talk when I’m playing with their filthy little pussies."

He released her tit with a sharp squeeze, then shoved two thick fingers deep into her mouth. Her lips wrapped around them like a whore trained to suck, drool leaking down her chin as her tongue swirled, eager to please Leon’s fingers.

"Mmmnfff~" she moaned, gagging softly on his fingers as her soaked cunt gushed another wave of hot, sticky juice over his cock.

Leon grinded his dick up against her again, dragging his pole along her soaking folds, feeling every twitch of her slutty, trembling pussy. She was soaking him—slick, messy, and ready to be used.

"Look at you," he growled. "Drooling on my fingers, grinding on my cock like a bitch in heat. You don’t even need orders anymore—your pussy’s already begging to be fucked."

He gave her ass a harsh slap, then leaned down, licking along her neck, his breath hot and heavy.

*Slap*

"Anhhhh~ Masssterrr~" Reina’s whole body jolted as soon as she felt the slap sending waves of arousal in her whole body.

"Here... This is what you and your pussy are begging for." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately rammed his dick into her pussy.

*SLAP*

"Annnnhhhhhhhh~ Yessssssss~" Reina shouted as her pussy squirted another load of cum.

*Squirt-Squirt-Squirt*

’Fucking hell, her pussy is even tighter than Olga’s pussy. Even though both of them are so mature... Their pussies feel like eighteen year old virgins.

Fuck I am cumming.’ Leon thought in his mind as he flooded her pussy with a thick load of white cum.

*Squirt-Squirt-Squirt*

"Anhhhhhhh~ I can feel it master... I-I can feel your cum filling up my pussy." Reina shouted as she also came, but Leon didn’t stop after cumming, he continued to slam his cock deep into her pussy.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhh~"

Both of them continued to fuck for the next one hour. Leon gave her no brakes as he filled her womb to the brim with his cum.

He fucked Reina in multiple positions, making her bow in front of the throne while he pounded her pussy, he would sit on the throne and let her do squats on his dick.

He even took a stroll around the whole room while he pounded her pussy.

Another hour passed and so did Reina.

After cumming inside her unconscious pussy for the twenty-fourth time, Leon’s dick finally settled down.

"Phew... Elis, take care of her." Leon spoke as he slowly let go of Reina’s unconscious body.

"As you command, Master." Elis spoke as she immediately formed another stone bed for Reina and took her right next to Olga.

Both of them slept like logs after getting their pussies full of Leon’s cum.

"Mr. Leon ? Are you here ?" Suddenly, Kai’s voice came from the room’s entrance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175: A bad idea and Thiefs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mr. Leon, are you here?" Kai's voice echoed from the entrance of the room.

Leon turned around quickly, realizing Kai was already inside inside the room.

"What are you doing on the seventh floor, Kai?" Leon asked as he walked toward the throne—completely naked.

"Oh my god—! I-I'm sorry! I'll come back later if you're busy!" Kai stammered, turning around in a panic.

"Why would you think that ?" Leon asked with a smile as he noticed that Kai has already turned around.

"I-I mean you are naked a-and... You are-" Before kai could've completed his sentence, Leon interrupted him.

"What do you want, Kai?" Leon asked, picking up his clothes and beginning to dress.

"I... I just came to tell you the bathtub is ready to use, you can use it anytime." Kai said nervously.

'How the fuck can someone have such a huge dick ? I don't have half of that thing.' Kai thought with a tense expression.

"I saw that. You need to remove that text from the side of it, I don't want everyone seeing that thing there." Leon ordered.

"What!? I—I mean, as you say, sir," Kai replied immediately.

"You can turn around now," Leon said calmly.

"I-I don't prefer to see men nake-"

"I am wearing clothes now." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes." Kai slowly turned and saw Leon fully clothed, now seated on the throne.

"Would you like me to change anything else ?" Kai asked with a confused expression.

"No, It's all good. It looks really luxury. You are really a good artist." Leon spoke with a smile as he praised Kai.

"Ah, Thanks. It really means a lot to me." Kai replied with a smile as he bowed down to Leon.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "Wait, how did you even make it down here ? Weren't you afraid of the slimes and dark elves, the big shadow Velmora, or that skeleton on the upper floor ?"

Kai shook his head. "I was scared of the slimes at first, but they let me pass when I mentioned your name. The shadow Velmora was asleep on the fourth floor, I think he ignored me as well.

The elves didn't pay me much attention, and I didn't see any skeleton on the sixth floor."

"Although, I did see a man in a black robe mixing chemicals. He didn't look at me either, so I just walked past him. But… what do you mean by skeleton?" he asked with a confused expression.

Leon ignored the question. "What's that in your hand ?" he asked, noticing a round wooden object in Kai's hand.

"Oh, this? It's a wooden handle I was thinking of adding near the bathtub's exits, you know just to help you get out, but it felt excessive—it ruined the look, so I decided against it," Kai replied, holding it casually and showing it to him.

Suddenly, An idea came to Leon's mind and a smirk appeared over his face.

Leon stood up and walked over. "Let me see it," he said, extending his hand.

"Ah, here," Kai responded, handing over the wooden ball instantly.

It was well-crafted—smooth, polished, not too light or heavy.

"I hope this is a good idea, Seal," Leon muttered with a slight smile as he activated his skill.

<Blast Seal>

A dark circle appeared on the surface of the ball under his palm. As Leon moved his hand upward slightly, a series of messages popped up:

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

[Seal Applied]

...

Dozens of seals stacked rapidly on the same spot. Leon held it for 30 more seconds until a final notification appeared:

[Error: Max Seal Limit Reached]

'I see… 600 seals is the maximum. Not as broken as I thought. Still, if 200 seals caused that much damage before, this should be far more powerful,' Leon thought with a smile, then casually tossed the ball into the corner of the dungeon.

"Elis, encase that wooden ball in tight stone walls from every side," Leon ordered as he pointed towards the ball.

"As you command, Master," Elis responded, placing her hand on the ground. Thick stone slabs rose and sealed the ball tightly from all sides immediately.

"Add another layer over that," Leon instructed.

"Yes, Master," Elis said, reinforcing the first layer with another.

"Um... What is happening ?" Kai asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Nothing, You just keep quiet." Leon spoke as he ignored Kai.

"Y-Yes."

"One more. Add one more later over it and try to hold them together as tightly as possible." Leon ordered.

"I have kept them so tightly sealed that even air can't pass through them, Master." Elis replied as she added another layer to the encasing.

'Three air-tight, packed layers... That should suppress most of the explosion,' Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Elis, stay alert. That ball could explode at any moment, be ready to repair the damages." he warned, his tone serious.

"What!?" Kai exclaimed, his eyes wide and serious.

Leon smiled. "Here goes nothing, Kaboom."

---

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

A massive explosion erupted, shaking the entire dungeon from the lowest floor to the top. Dust and smoke filled the chamber, obscuring everything.

Leon and Kai were thrown back and lay sprawled on the floor.

"Fucking hell... That was a bad idea." Leon muttered, standing up and surveying the damage. A massive crater had replaced the spot where the ball had landed. The stone floor was obliterated, and nearby walls had collapsed.

Half of the room was completely destroyed.

'Damn… I didn't expect it to be this powerful, Shit... I think one of the stones hit me in the chest.' Leon thought, his eyes narrowing.

"Master, the dungeon has taken serious damage. The upper floors are becoming unstable. Shall I begin repairs ?" Elis asked with a neutral expression.

"Yes. Do it fast." Leon replied firmly.

"As you command, Master," Elis said, immediately starting the repairs.

---

"Master… Master…"

Two voices echoed from the entrance.

Dusk and Fruela burst in, rushing toward Leon with full speed.

"Master, are you alright?" Fruela asked, concern in her eyes as she examined him.

"Who attacked us, Master?" Dusk asked with a serious expression as he started to look around, his fur raising and glowing with blue mana.

"Don't worry—it was my mistake. I was testing something," Leon replied calmly as he looked at them.

'That was reckless. I can't do something like that again. I need to test these things out of the dungeon from now on.

But still… If I can get some of these balls and get a huge monster to eat them, maybe two or three of them.

I could kill it instantly and gain a lot of exp.' Leon's thought as he watched the whole room get repaired in just a matter of seconds.

"Master... The repairs are done but I have lost more than 30% of my mana." Elis spoke as she walked upto Leon and with a neutral expression.

"Don't worry, Take the mana from me." Leon ordered as he looked at Elis.

"As you command- Master, We have been invaded... By humans." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon with a neutral expression.

"What ? How many ?" Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"Three master... They have entered on the first floor and moving towards the second floor." Elis replied.

"The explosion must've attracted them here." Fruela replied with a serious expression.

"Wasn't the entrance covered with Snow ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I cleared the snow, Master. I am sorry." Fruela spoke as she immediately bowed down to Leon.

"We are going to the dungeon's entrance. Fruela come. Dusk go invisible and come to the second floor but don't go past that until I order." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Master."

"Yes, Master."

Both of them replied immediately.

Fruela walked upto Leon and placed her over Leon's shoulder and Dusk went invisible.

"Take me to the dungeon's exit." Leon spoke as both of them disappeared.

...

*Swish*

Both Leon and Fruela appeared on the dungeon's exit and noticed a young man's corpse lying on the stairs.

He had brown hairs and a handsome face.

"What the fuck ? Did you kill him ?" Leon asked as he looked at Fruela.

"N-No master." Fruela replied immediately as she looked at Leon.

"Here drink this... It will hide your elf ears and you will look like a human." Leon spoke as he gave a transformation potion to

"Yes master." Fruela spoke as she immediately gulped down the whole bottle.

*Gulp-Gulp-Gulp*

As soon as she gulped down the potion, her ears immediately shrinked down, similar to a human's ears.

"We are adventurers and you are my girlfriend, just tell them this. If they ask." Leon spoke as he walked inside the dungeon.

"Y-Yes... Master." Fruela spoke with a hesitated expression as her face turned red and a smile appeared over her face.

Both of them walked down and noticed that three young humans were standing all around Leon's bathtub and looking at it carefully.

"Haha... Let's take this home."

"Yeah, It's a luxury."

"Who left it here ?"

"I think, it was carved here."

...

Leon saw them and immediately and angry expression appeared over his face.

"Fucking thiefs." Leon spoke.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176: Upgrade Dungeon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Leon focused more closely, he noticed some shadows standing near the bathtub.

Three people—two men appearing to be in their early thirties and a woman likely in her mid-twenties—stood right next to it.

All three were casually touching the edges of his custom-made tub, inspecting it as if it were up for grabs, as if they had any right to it.

'They just barge into my dungeon and started touching my bathtub like it's their property. Fucking Bastards.' Leon thought with a very angry expression.

Without wasting another second, Leon activated his skill.

<Inspect>

---

[Name: Victor]

[Class: Thief]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 300/300]

[MP: 150/150]

[Description: Victor is an intelligent thief, skilled in silent theft. A parasite who prefers to take without being noticed.]

[Name: Iril]

[Class: Charmer]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 500/500]

[MP: 250/250]

[Description: Iril uses her magical allure to control men who fall for her. Ruthless and manipulative.]

[Name: Rove]

[Class: Thief]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 400/400]

[MP: 200/200]

[Description: Rove is a selfish thief who prioritizes his gain above all. He will betray anyone without hesitation if it benefits him.]

'A level three thief, level five charmer and a another level four thief. I am surprised how they even found this Dungeon.' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

---

Leon didn't flinch. His eyes grew colder.

From his inventory, he pulled out the Nyxter, a deceptively elegant dark blade with extreme sharpness. He held it in his hand, and with practiced precision, channeled mana into it.

"Thread. Thread. Thread. Thread. Thread."

Five invisible mana threads snapped into place, each linking his will to one of Nyxter's five hidden blades inside the sheath.

Fruela, standing just behind him, tensed as she pulled out her glowing purple blades.

"Master… Shall I take care of them ?" She asked, her voice low but ready to kill On order.

"Calm down, darling. I'll handle this." Leon spoke with a smile.

His voice was composed—dangerously calm. A plan already forming in his mind.

He began walking toward the intruders with slow, deliberate steps.

---

Meanwhile, near the bathtub...

"This thing looks expensive," Rove muttered. "Shouldn't we check if it's a trap?"

"It's not a trap," Iril replied, smiling confidently. "No mana. I can sense these things."

"What are you, a scanner now ? Like that dungeon guy ? Hahaha!" Victor laughed mockingly.

"Still... it does look expensive," Iril added, licking her lips as her greedy gaze returned to the bathtub.

"It does… doesn't

A new voice. Deep, calm, unmistakably low but loud enough to scare them.

All three of them flinched and spun around immediately.

"Woah-!?"

"What the fuck!?"

"Who-"

Leon was standing behind them now, still walking forward—slow, steady, unreadable.

"Who the hell are you, scaring us like that you fucking stupid ?" Victor barked, stepping forward and drawing his sword, pointing it directly at Leon.

Behind Leon, Fruela's eyes narrowed with rage.

'How dare he withdraw his sword on my master. I want to kill him so bad... But, master's orders are absolute. I shall not defy them, but if things started to go south... I will step in immediately.' Fruela thought with a serious expression.

Leon, however, looked completely unfazed.

"I'm just an adventurer. A passing adventure r," he said smoothly. "I sensed the explosion. Found a corpse on the stairs. Got curious and entered inside the dungeon."

His eyes didn't blink, didn't twitch. Just stared at them with a smirk on his face.

"And her?" Rove asked, motioning to Fruela.

Leon smiled faintly as he looked at Fruela.

"That's my girlfriend. Stunning, isn't she?"

"Damn right she is," Victor replied with a perverted grin, his sword lowering slightly.

"No, she's not," Iril interrupted sharply, jealousy flaring in her eyes and tone. "I'm the most beautiful in this dungeon and in this whole world. You'll kill that bitch—just like the man on the stairs."

Victor blinked, confused. "What ? But they're—"

His words cut off. His eyes glowed bright pink. Then, silence covered the whole room for a second.

"Go. Kill her. I command you." Iril commanded.

"Yes." Victor raised his sword again and turned—not toward Leon, but toward Fruela—completely entranced by Iril's eyes.

Then Iril turned her gaze to Leon and with a smile she spoke...

"You. Come to me."

*Wink*

Both her eyes glowed as she activated her charm skill.

---

[Warning: You are under the skill 'Charm.']

[Note: You feel no attraction to the charmer. Effects will be neglected completely.]

Leon read the notifications with a faint smirk.

But he played along anyway, stepping forward as if he were caught in her spell.

"What do you think of him?" Iril whispered to Rove. "Better than Victor, isn't he? Looks useful to me."

"Stronger. Better sword too. Tell him to hand it over, I want it." Rove said, eyeing Nyxter greedily.

"Hand it over to my boyfriend, stupid fuck." Iril ordered with a neutral expression as her eyes glowed brightly pink.

"Yes," Leon said simply, offering the sword hilt-first.

Rove took it with a triumphant grin.

"This handle… is really premium. What kind of material did you—"

He didn't finish.

As he pulled the weapon fully out, all five blades detached, falling around his feet with a metallic clatter.

*Tang. Tang. Tang. Tang. Tang*

"What the fuck—?" Rove stared in shock, looking up—

Only to see Leon staring directly at him with a wide smile on his face.

Iril, too, noticed something and her eyes immediately widened in shock.

"His eyes..." she whispered to herself with realisation."They didn't glow pink. He... wasn't under the spell!"

"Rove he is not under the spell, Victor -"

She turned quickly— but it was already too late.

Victor's body lay motionless on the ground. His head… rested backwards on his own back, cleanly severed.

Fruela cleaned the blood on her blades with Victor's shirt as she looked at Rove.

"Fucking run! They're not—" Rove tried to make a run for it after shouting a warning to Iril but,

A blade shot upward from the ground—

*STAB*

It pierced straight through Rove's throat.

*Thud*

His body collapsed on the ground, spraying blood that splattered across Iril's horrified face.

Her eyes widened in fear and shock. "N-No… R-Rove."

She stumbled back, trembling as she stared at Rove's corpse.

Leon took a step closer and looked at her scared expression with a neutral expression.

"Now..." he said, his voice cold, deliberate. "Let's have a little talk, Iril."

"M-My name... H-How do you—"

"Don't worry about that." His tone darkened. "First question... Why is there a corpse on my Dungeon's stairs ?"

*Thud*

Iril dropped to her knees, shaking.

"P-Please... Please spare me! I-I'll do anything! I'm sorry! I didn't know! P-Please don't kill me!" she begged, clutching at his legs in desperation.

Leon looked down at her with cold, narrowed eyes.

"You'll talk, if you want to live. Ten seconds. Tell me why that man is dead, or you die next." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Iril.

His voice was ice cold and very serious.

And Iril realized immediately that Leon wasn't someone to be played with.

"W-We hired him from the adventurer's guild. H-He is a dungeon finder. He finds dungeon in exchange for some money.

W-When he found the dungeon... He took us here and when he asked for his money, Victor killed him. Please s-spare me." Iril spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Now, if I am right... Victor didn't do it on his own will, did he ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Iril.

"N-No... I-I commanded him to do it. I-I j-just wanted to earn some money and I-I didn't knew this dungeon was yours... P-Please-"

"How much money was that guy asking for ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"O-One silver." She replied with a scared expression.

"You killed a man for one silver coin... Aren't you good at evaluating people's life for money ? Well then... Tell me the price for your life, pay it and leave this dungeon alive." Leon asked with a smile.

"W-What... !?" Iril asked with a shocked expression as she looked at Leon.

"Yes, You have ten seconds. Tell me what your life is worth or die immediately. Your time starts now." Leon spoke with a smile.

"T-Three silvers." She replied with a scared expression as she looked at Leon.

"Too low... If you are worth three silvers. I would rather kill you now." Leon spoke with a smile as he raised all five blades of the Nyxter in the air and pointed them at Iril's face.

"N-No please wait... T-Ten silvers." Iril spoke as she got evenore scared and wetted her panties.

"Hah... You are close. Maybe twenty silvers." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"D-Done... I-I will give you-" Before Iril could've completed her sentence, all five blades went through her neck decapitating her immediately.

"Stupid bitch. I am setting up traps in this dungeon. I am not going to kill every asshole that comes inside to steal my things.

Elis, Come here. It's time to upgrade this dungeon's security." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177: The mana Complexer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seventh Floor, Dungeon.

*Swish*

Leon, Fruela, and Dusk emerged at the floor’s entrance. Their presence shifted the air in the room as silence settled around them like a heavy veil. The distant echoes of their footsteps rang sharply as they walked inside the room.

Elis and Rees were standing by the throne, as if anticipating their arrival.

"Ah, you’re back, Mr. Leon. I just heard what happened from the dungeon core, are you alright ? Should I bring something to heal injuries if you have sustained any ?" Rees asked, his tone respectful but strained as he turned to face them.

Leon’s eyes narrowed with frustration as he looked at Rees. "We need to increase this dungeon’s security. I want traps. Lethal ones. Stupid thiefs like them shouldn’t be able to just wander into my dungeon.

This is not a public space that you can use as you please."

Rees nodded immediately. "I can understand the feeling. My own dungeon was raided by theifs. I can set up deadly traps. Triggers will ensure anyone who activates them dies on the spot. Would you like me to set them up ?"

Leon gave a curt nod. "Good. Start working on them. Elis—start preparing the aphrodisiac needles I told you about before and the gas chambers as well on the third floor."

"Shall I also consume the swords and metals from the corpses on the first floor, Master ? I can use them to make better needles." Elis asked, her voice neutral, her posture perfect.

"Yes. And clear the corpses while you’re at it, I will bring materials today, so that doors can be added on each floor.

They will stay open all the time, but close immediately as soon as any intruder enters inside the dungeon." Leon replied without hesitation as he looked at Elis.

"As you command, Master." Elis vanished into thin air.

Leon turned his gaze to Fruela and Dusk. "You two—go to the forest. Take a slime with you. Gather trees, fruits, and whatever else your people can eat. I would’ve bought it from the market, but buying that much at once raises suspicion. So, you will have to hunt for your kind."

Fruela immediately dropped to one knee. "Master, allow us to hunt and forage. Adult Dark Elves know the forest well. I will lead them. Please, entrust this task to me."

Leon paused, then nodded. "Fine. Do it your way. Dusk, accompany them. When you return, bring trees and some medicinal herbs as well."

"As you command, Master." They both bowed and left through the exit immediately.

’It’s time to turn this place into a proper dungeon. I have to supply more mana to Elis, so that she can evolve to rank-D.’ Leon thought in his mind as he walked upto the throne and took a seat.

...

Rees glanced sideways. "Aphrodisiac needles... For the females ?"

Leon smiled slightly. "Yep."

"So, should I focus on sexual traps or deadly ones ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"You just focus on deadly traps. Me and Elis will take care of the sexual traps. I’m not letting another idiotic thief party come here and touch my stuff." Leon ordered as he looked at Rees.

"Understood. I’ll handle the death traps then," Rees replied, turning to leave.

"Rees," Leon called out.

"Yes ?" Rees halted immediately.

"Do you know of a spell that lets me teleport directly to the dungeon from anywhere... without having to supply mana to both sides at once ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

Rees turned back thoughtfully as he looked at Leon. "That kind of spell isn’t possible unless you have a personal teleportation skill. But... there’s something else. A workaround. You can create Tele-Points—short for teleportation checkpoints."

Leon raised an eyebrow. "Tele-Points?"

"Yes. Using magic circles made from a rare chemical. These Circles can only Teleport a small group of upto five people at once maximum.

Set up a host circle inside the dungeon, and then install tele-points wherever you want. When you supply mana to one, it activates the circle and teleports you back to the host circle.."

Leon leaned back into the throne with a suspicious expression. "There’s a ’But’ coming with it, I can sense. What is it?"

Rees immediately placed his hand over his skull. "Hahaha... but The chemical it requires—Mana Complexer— and it is nearly impossible to brew.

Even elite alchemists can’t do it. I found a brilliant alchemist many years ago, but he could only make a 50% accurate version of the original thing. I used that to create my Necroheart, but it was stolen."

Leon’s eyes sharpened. "What exactly is this chemical ?"

"Mana Complexer, or as I call it—the Wonder Chemical. It stores massive mana, refines it faster than a human heart.

You can just leave it outside and it will automatically start to suck in all the mana around it.

It was used in heavy ancient spells before humans turned to simpler incantations. Nobody uses it now because... well, no one can make it now."

Rees sighed. "I’ve tried more than ten times in just the last few hours. If I keep failing, I’ll have to find a good alchemist and there are almost zero chances that anyone out there will even knows what this is.

It requires a very precious set of skills, calculations and patience in order to make this. I hope, I don’t have to re-buy all the materials."

Suddenly, Leon rose from the throne and started walking towards him. "Let’s go."

Rees blinked as he looked at Leon. "Go ? Where ?"

"To make your Wonder Chemical." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Right, like that’s actually going to work, it’s not a joke Mr. Leon. That chemical is very very hard, as I already said close to almost impossible." Rees chuckled mockingly, following him half-heartedly.

But he stopped mid-step. Near the wall, Kai was sitting stiff and terrified, as if frozen in time.

Leon noticed. "What’s wrong with him ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"Ever since he saw me, he’s been like that—trembling like a wet cat, I can’t tell if he is afraid or just sad." Rees said dryly as he pointed towards Kai.

’Obviously, he is afraid.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

Leon approached as he placed his hand over his shoulder. "Kai, go home."

"B-But... D-Don’t you want to b-blindfold me ?" Kai asked, shivering.

"No. Just walk east for thirty meters and you’ll be out of the forest. But remember—if you ever mention this dungeon’s location... Rees will pay you a visit." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Kai.

Kai nodded furiously and bolted up the stairs.

Rees asked as he titled his skull in confusion. "What’s wrong with him ?"

"Not everyone is ready to see an undead skeleton pacing around a room, Rees." Leon replied flatly.

As they reached the sixth floor, Leon glanced around the chemical slabs and noticed that it was a mess.

"Are you... an alchemist, Mr. Leon?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"Yes." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

Rees followed Leon to the workspace. "Wow..."

Leon rolled up his sleeves. "List the elements."

Rees hesitated. "Shouldn’t you already know the elements if you are going to make—"

Leon’s cold stare shut him up immediately.

"R-Right. I’ll get the materials," Rees mumbled, scrambling to place small bowls onto the table.

Five minutes Later...

"Okay, These are all the materials. The vampire’s blood will reach with kimon’s root and when you start to heat it-" Rees started to explain the making process but Leon interrupted him immediately.

"That’s enough. Potion Crafter..." Leon spoke as he activated his skill.

"Potion what ?" Rees asked with a confused expression as he couldn’t understand what Leon was trying to do.

<Potion Crafter>

[Analyzing Materials]

[Choose Potion that you want to craft:]

[Mana Complexer]

Without wasting another second, Leon clicked on the one and only option.

Suddenly, A very bright shine covered the whole table.

Leon immediately closed his eyes and as soon as the light disappeared, A loud voice enter inside his ears.

"WHAT THE FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK !????????"

Leon opened his eyes and noticed that Rees’ jaw was hanging down and he is staring at the table.

Leon looked down and noticed that all the elements have disappeared from the bowls and only a water like substance is remaining in the middle bowl.

"Did it fail ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I-I think... I am having a fucking heart attack." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"You are dead." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"How can you make such a pure mana Complexer ? This is absolutely pure... No, it’s more than pure. How is this possible !?" Rees asked as he slowly dipped his fingers into the liquid and felt something.

Leon on the other hand used his skill on the liquid.

<Inspect>

[Name: Mana Complexer]

[Rank: ??]

[Type: Synthesizer]

[Description: A complex chemical made from twelve different elements. A single drop of mana Complexer can store immense amount of mana in it. Can be used to strengthen potions, foods, magic circles, dungeon cores and make necrohearts for undeads.

The liquid stays in pure water like form, but starts to change colour as it sucks more and more mana into itself.

Water like > light blue > blue > dark blue > purple ... > Pure White.

When the liquid turns pure white, that means it has refined all the mana in it and it won’t suck in anymore mana.]

’Why is the rank showing as question marks ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178: Activating the Necroheart
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So... what now? Are you going to use it to make your Necroheart or what ?" Leon asked, his brow furrowed in confusion as he studied Rees.

"I... thought you made it for the Tele-Points, Mr. Leon ?" Rees admitted, tilting his skull slightly.

Leon shook his head. "No. This is for your Necroheart. I want you at your full potential for now."

Rees’ skeletal fingers twitched, the red balls in his eye sockets flickering. "Mr. Leon... you are a far greater man than I ever expected. I don’t know how I can repay such generosity.

You are like a god to me."

Leon smirked. "You can start by teaching me everything you know—Voodoo magic, necromancy, all of it."

"I will pass on every scrap of knowledge I possess and make you the best scholar of humans." Rees vowed, his voice carrying an unfamiliar weight.

"Good. Now, let’s see this Necroheart of yours, how it works." Leon said, crossing his arms.

Rees reached beneath the counter and pulled out an aged wooden box, its surface unmarked save for a single name carved into the corner: Rees.

Leon’s eyes flickered with recognition. "You got this from Lisa’s shop, didn’t you?"

"Yes. I crafted it years ago when I made my first Necroheart, but in order to keep it safe... I gave it to Lia." Rees explained, lifting the lid. Inside, nestled on a cushion of deep red velvet, was a spherical casing of polished silver.

"This is the shell of a Necroheart," Rees said, lifting it carefully. "Silver is the standard, but the most potent necrohearts are forged from gold or platinum. Back then, I could only afford silver—costed me a hundred coins to make this one. I had gold coins afte that... But i didn’t bothered to change it." Rees explained.

Leon leaned in, examining the intricate engravings over it.

"What are these ? Runes ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Enchantments... Engraved by the finest Enchanter in the whole elf kingdom. Alkari." Rees spoke as he admired it’s beauty.

"So, what’s the next step?" Leon asked with a curious expression as he looked at it from all the angles.

"The Mana Complexer goes inside, the necroheart." Rees said, pressing a small button on the sphere’s surface.

***Click.***

A series of mechanical whirs echoed as the silver casing split open, revealing an inner chamber lined with delicate gears. Rees poured the water like liquid from the bowl into the hollow core, and despite its small size, the chamber swallowed every last drop without overflowing.

Another *click*, and the Necroheart sealed shut, just like it was before.

Then, Rees turned to Leon with sudden urgency. "You have infinite mana, correct?"

"Yeah. Why?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I need you to channel some of it into the heart, Mr. Leon. You have to do it fast in order to activate it." He handed the Necroheart to Leon immediately.

"How? Should I just directly supply mana to the circle or Focus on the-

"Just focus your mana into it. A steady, low stream is ideal—too much at once, and the temperature will spike dangerously." Rees explained as he looked at Leon.

Leon frowned. "Wait, *dangerously* ?"

"Yes If it overheats, the reaction could detonate with enough force to erase the entire Vinceral Forest—and us along with it." Rees spoke in a neutral voice as if it’s nothing big.

Leon’s grip on the sphere tightened. "So I’m holding a fucking nuclear bomb in my hand."

"What’s a nuclear bomb ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"Nothing... I meant, A fucking magic bomb." Leon corrected.

"Essentially, yes." Rees replied.

"The fuck do you mean by yes ? If this thing explodes, I will kill you." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Don’t worry, Mr. Leon. It won’t explode if you keep giving it a small amount of mana continuously but you will need to do it fast... If the activation ritual didn’t take place fast, the necroheart will be left useless." Rees spoke with urgency.

Leon exhaled sharply. "Fine. But the second this thing gets too hot, I’m cutting the flow."

Rees nodded. "A wise precaution. I should have thought of that .... I wonder why I didn’t." Rees thought as he placed his skeleton fingers on his skull.

"Because you’re an idiot," Leon muttered under his breath before focusing.

[ -700 MP ]

[ +345,897 MP ]

[ 700 MP ]

[ +345,897 MP ]

...

The cycle repeated, mana pulsing into the Necroheart in a rhythmic surge.

"How long does this take for this to activate or whatever ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Once it activates, it’ll glow green, and—" Rees cut himself off as the sphere suddenly radiated a deep violet light.

"Uh. That’s not supposed to happen." Rees spoke as he pointed towards the necroheart.

Leon stared at the pulsating purple glow.

"What the hell does that mean?" He asked with a shocked expression as he looked at Rees.

Rees scrambled for his books on the slabs as he tried to find out what was wrong with the necroheart. "I-I don’t know! This has never happened it can happen that the heart is not getting enough mana or maybe it’s not—"

Before he could finish, a translucent screen flickered before Leon...

[ Would you like to bind with the Necroheart? ]

[ Yes / No ?]

[ Note: Once bound, the Necroheart will obey your commands. You may transfer ownership to an undead subordinate if desired but the necroheart will still acknowledge your command as priority.]

Leon’s lips curled up as soon as he readed the notification.

"Yes." He spoke without any hesitation.

[ Necroheart has been bound to Leon Luster. ]

The violet light faded, replaced by a steady emerald glow.

Rees turned back, relief in his voice. "Ah! It stabilized. The mana flow must have resolved the anomaly. I don’t understand why it showed such bright colours... Phew, I thought it was about to explode for a second."

"So it’s ready?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes. And thanks to your infinite mana, the process was exponentially faster.

Your infinite mana is a very nice gift. Can you teach me how you achieved it ?" Rees asked took the Necroheart back, admiration in his tone.

"No. Even if I did... You won’t be able to do it." Leon replied with a flat face.

"I understand." Rees replied with a neutral tone.

"You know... I can show you some really good spells that no one even dares to use because of their absurd mana usage.

Once you learn them... You will become one of the strongest beings in this world." Rees replied with a neutral expression.

"Sounds useful, but I can’t supply infinite mana to spells remember that." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I can give you spells that use continuous amounts of mana for a long time. But most of them are class restricted spells." He explained.

"Although if you can become a magic class... I can teach you all the spells." Rees continued.

"Why magi class ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Magi is the only class that can allow you to learn every class based and restricted spells, Mr. Leon." Rees replied with a neutral expression.

’What !? I didn’t know that.’ Leon thought as his eyes widened a bit.

Rees then removed his tattered robe, exposing his skeletal frame.

Leon raised an eyebrow. "What are you doing?"

"To fully integrate the Necroheart, I must revert to my base form—just as all undead as I was upon the creation after i died." He laid flat on the ground, placing the glowing necroheart within his ribcage.

"Two questions," Leon said. "How do you plant to die since you are already an undead, and how do you plan to come back if you died?" He asked with a confused expression.

"An undead under a necromancer’s control can perish at their master’s will. Since I am my own master... I can simply choose to die at will. The Necroheart will revive me." Rees explained as he looked at ceiling.

With that, the crimson balls in Rees’ eyes hitted the back of his skull.

*Thud-Thud*

Suddenly a new prompt appeared before Leon’s eyes.

[ Would you like to raise the undead with the Necroheart ? ]

[ Yes / No ?]

’I didn’t plan on binding it to myself in the first place, but I can’t trust Rees completely either. Better be safe than sorry.’ Leon thought in his mind as he selected yes on the screen.

The Necroheart flared, its verdant light spreading through Rees’ skeleton like liquid fire. Then—

*Crack. Crack. Crack.*

Fissures spiderwebbed across his bones.

"What the hell?!" Leon stepped back.

Rees’ voice echoed, calm. "Do not worry, Mr. Leon. This is the reinforcement process done by the necroheart. Look closely, you will see something interesting."

The cracks deepened, revealing tiny, luminous runes etching themselves into the bone.

Leon leaned closer, eyes widening. "Holy fucking shit."

"The Mana Complexer will flow through these runes," Rees explained as his skeletal form reassembled, the fractures sealing with a faint glow. "Just as blood flows through living flesh."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179: Exiled
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Rees slowly rose from the ground, his movements deliberate. Dust clung to his tattered coat, and as he straightened his back, he stretched his arms wide into the still air.

Leon frowned, watching him. "What are you doing?" he asked, his voice laced with confusion.

Rees closed his eyes, inhaling deeply through his imaginary nose. "It’s been so long since I felt mana," he murmured, his voice calm yet filled with quiet wonder. "I forgot how alive it makes you feel."

’You are dead motherfucker.’ Leon thought in his mind.

Leon stood a few feet away, his expression unreadable. "Now that you’ve re-created your necroheart," he said evenly, "how about you teach me some Voo-Doo magic?"

Rees chuckled. "Ah, of course. Just give me a moment—I’ll go grab the materials we’ll need—"

"Not today." Leon’s voice cut in flatly. "It’s already evening. I’ve got somewhere to be. We’ll start tomorrow."

Rees nodded. "As you say," he replied, already turning toward the stone slab. "Then I’ll begin setting up the death traps instead."

Without another word, Leon turned around.

"Take me out," he muttered—and vanished immediately.

---

*Swish*

A gust of cold air hit him as he reappeared at the dungeon’s exit. The world outside had shifted into twilight. Shadows stretched long over the snow-flecked ground, and the bitter wind carried a promise of more snowfall.

Leon narrowed his eyes toward the horizon. "Finally... time to go home," he said quietly, placing his hands in his pocket as he began walking out of the Vinceral Forest.

’It’s been a long day,’ he thought as he trudged through the woods. ’I spent all of it inside the dungeon. But it wasn’t a waste... Now that I’ve reinforced it with traps, I won’t need to check on it constantly anymore. I can finally focus on leveling up and building up my physique.’

His lips curled into a subtle smirk.

’And those wooden bombs—if Kai can craft small enough spheres, I could inscribe them with six hundred seals each. If I get even one fo those inside a monster... nothing of it will survive that blast and I will gain tons of exp.

I have to try this tomorrow and I should make a throw skill that can throw things with increasing speed.’

His mind buzzed with the possibilities, and by the time he reached the edge of the village, ten minutes had passed.

That’s when he noticed it.

The guards weren’t at the gate.

Leon slowed his steps. "Where did thses two idiots go ?" he muttered, his eyes narrowing.

As he entered the village, a commotion ahead caught his attention. A large crowd had gathered outside the village chief’s house. Tension rippled through the air.

He approached, and all at once, eyes turned on him—cold, hostile, accusing.

’What the hell is wrong with these people ?’ he thought, his brows furrowing.

At the front of the crowd, he spotted Elaine and Selene. Both stood with their heads lowered in shame. Julia stood nearby, calm and poised, her butler Charles fidgeting nervously beside her.

Leon stepped forward. "What’s going on herr?"

Kael Klen, the village chief, turned toward Julia. "Is he the one ?" he asked grimly.

"What—?" Leon barely got the word out before—

SLAP!

Kael’s hand cracked against Leon’s cheek, echoing through the silent crowd.

*Crack*

Leon’s fist clenched involuntarily, his knuckles whitening, bones straining with fury. He opened his inventory, preparing to draw the Nyxter, but—

"Yes, Father," Julia said, pointing at Leon with unwavering calm. "He was the one who tried to rape me."

The words froze Leon in place.

He stared at her, his eyes wide with disbelief, rage simmering beneath the surface. "What the fuck are you talking about?"

Kael surged forward, grabbing Leon’s collar and pulling him close. "Listen to me, you filthy trash bastard. How dare you touch my daughter ?"

"She’s lying," Leon growled, locking eyes with Kael. "I am not even attracted to her body."

Kael turned to Charles. "You saw it too, didn’t you, Charles ?"

Charles hesitated. His gaze fell to the ground. "Y-Yes... Sir. I saw him. He tried to force himself on Madam Julia and I saved her.

He then ran away."

The crowd erupted in furious murmurs.

Kael’s voice boomed over them. "This man is a threat—to your wives, your daughters. He’s like a wild animal.

That’s why I have decided to exile Leon Luster and his entire family from this village. Pack your things. Get out. Now."

"Out with him!" shouted one villager.

"Monster!"

"Rapist!"

"Get lost!"

...

Elaine trembled, her voice cracking. "W-We’re very so—"

"Mom," Leon interrupted firmly his face looking at the ground with a serious expression. "We’re leaving. Pack our things."

"But—"

"I said we leave. Now." He turned without another word.

Elaine and Selene followed behind, their faces stained with grief.

...

As they walked, Leon muttered under his breath, "I didn’t rape her."

"We know," they said in unison from behind.

He stopped with a shocked expression and turned around immediately, "What?"

Selene’s face was tight with frustration. "That bitch Julia came to our house after you left this morning. She was furious—rambling about making you her personal slave or something. Then she offered Mom a deal."

Elaine nodded, reluctantly. "If you became her butler, she said she’d have her father exempt us from taxes—for life."

Leon’s jaw clenched. "And you turned it down?"

"I turned her down immediately," Elaine whispered. "I thought she’d leave after that. But instead she started threatening us—said she’d accuse you of rape and have us all exiled from the village if we didn’t agree."

Before Leon could respond, another voice rang out from behind him.

"She still refused, Can you believe that? Your mother still refused even after i gave her such a huge threat."

They turned to see Julia, standing behind them with Charles at her side, a smug smile on her lips.

Leon’s gaze sharpened. He stepped forward, with a serious expression on his face.

"P-Please stay back!" Charles stammered, lifting his wand in defense.

Julia waved him off. "Calm down, Charles. He’s just a poor, broken boy now. Don’t be cruel to him. It’s not like he is going to kill me, right ?"

Leon didn’t blink. "I never laid a hand on you."

Julia tilted her head, her expression warped into a twisted grin. "I know. But you were supposed to be mine. The moment I saw you from my carriage, I wanted you—under my shoe, working for me. I gave you chances. So many chances. But you clung to your ego like a fool. Now your family will pay for it."

She stepped closer.

"I could still help, you know. Right here, right now. Just kneel. Kiss my boots. Accept me as your master... and I’ll let you and your pitiful family stay in this village. Otherwise—well, I doubt you’ll survive a night in this weather."

’This psychopath bitch.’ Leon thought in his mind.

"If I can’t have you, Leon... I’ll make sure no one will have you." She spoke as she placed her fingers over Leon’s lips.

Leon raised two fingers.

Charles flinched, his eyes locked on the gesture.

Julia raised a brow. "What’s that supposed to mean ?"

Leon’s voice dropped to a razor’s edge. "Before the midnight bell rings... your family will be the ones outside this village."

Julia sneered. "Are you insane? What nonsense—"

"If I fail..." Leon said, walking past her, "I’ll crawl back to you. And become your slave.."

He didn’t wait for her reaction. Elaine and Selene followed behind, silent but resolute.

---

Back at the house, they packed quickly.

"What now?" Selene asked, her voice tight with panic. "It’s already snowing. We won’t make it to the kingdom without a wagon."

"Leo..." Elaine whispered with a worried expression. "What do we do?"

Leon looked at them with a smile, "Don’t worry... I will take you guys somewhere that you will completely forget this house."

"Want to tell us ?" Selene asked with a curious expression.

"Nope. You will have to see for yourself."

---

30 minutes later...

As all four of them walked out of the gates, villagers watched them with hollow eyes, as if watching ghosts disappear into the night.

"Come. Follow me, we have to get there before the snow settles down." Leon said, his voice steady.

"Where are we going ?" Selene asked again.

"I’ll explain when we get there."

He didn’t turn back and continued to walk forward.

In his mind, many ideas were hovering and mostly all of them were related to killing Kael and Julia.

’It’s good we’re out of that stupid broken wooden box. Now I can keep them inside the dungeon, a more safe place.’ Leon thought in his mind.

’But, that bitch Julia... She will pay for this. I could’ve killed her and her father right on the moment he slapped me but that would’ve been the stupidest move.

What fun is in killing someone if you can see them suffer for the rest of their stupid lifes and I am going to make her life so miserable that she will regret ever fucking with me.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he continued to walk towards the dungeon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180: Loosing Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Snow fell heavily, blanketing the Vinceral Forest in white silence. Leon walked ahead through the thickening woods, his boots crunching the frost-covered ground. Elaine followed a few steps behind, carefully maneuvering through the low brush. Selene trailed at the rear, eyes darting through the trees, every sound putting her on edge.

"Leo... why are we going into the forest at this hour?" Elaine asked, brushing snow from her clothes as she jumped over a fallen branch.

"You do know this place is crawling with monsters, right?" Selene added, her tone sharp as she gripped the hilt of her dagger with one hand and holded her daughter in other hand. "Don’t get us killed just because we trust you, Leon."

"As long as you’re following me," Leon replied, not turning back, "there’s a 99% chance you won’t die. So don’t worry."

Selene narrowed her eyes. "And the other 1%? What about that ?"

Leon finally cracked a smile. "No one knows."

"You are not even telling us where-" Before Selene could’ve completed her sentence, Leon stopped walking.

Elaine tensed as she looked at Leon with a confused and scared expression. "W-What is it? Something wrong ?"

Leon shook his head. "No. We’re here."

"Selene," Leon said calmly, "come here."

"Okay..." she muttered, cautiously walking up to him.

Selene stepped up beside him, staring at the massive tree towering above.

"Are we... going to live under a tree now ?" She asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

Without warning, Leon lifted his leg and thrust it deep into the snow, his foot striking solid stone underneath it.

’Yep... That’s the first step of the dungeon.’ He thought with a neutral expression.

"Why would you do that ?" Selene asked, her expression twisted in confusion as she looked at Leon’s leg.

"You ask too many questions," Leon replied.

"Both of you—place your hands on my shoulders." Leon spoke as he looked at them.

Elaine and Selene exchanged glances but obeyed without protest, placing their hands on his shoulders.

Leon whispered, "Take me to the last floor."

In an instant, all four of them vanished.

---

Dungeon – Seventh Floor

*Swish*

They reappeared in a warmly lit stone chamber. Flickering torches lined the walls, casting gentle shadows over the walls.

"Whoa..." Selene breathed, her eyes wide in wonder as she looked around the huge room.

"W-Where are we? How did we get here ?" Elaine whispered, clutching her chest and grabbing Leon’s hand in confusion.

"It’s... warm in here. Is this a dungeon ?" Selene asked, turning to Leon with a smile.

"Yes, How do you know ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at her.

"Saw it in a book... Looks really cool in person." She replied as her eyes continued to scan the room.

"What !? This is a dungeon ? The place where monsters live ? Oh my god... we have to get out of here it’s so danger-" Elaine cried out in disbelief but before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon interrupted her.

"Calm down, Mom. It’s my dungeon—and you’ll be sleeping here tonight." Leon replied with a calm expression as he looked at Elaine.

Both women shouted in unison, "What, Your Dungeon !?"

Leon raised a hand. "Look, It’s a long story. I don’t have time to explain it all and—"

Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, A voice interrupted him.

"Welcome back, Master. Please accept my greetings." a calm voice said from behind them.

Elaine and Selene spun around—and screamed as soon as they saw Elis’ translucent body and a small blue ball hovering inside it.

"G-Ghost!" they shouted, diving behind Leon and grabbing him tightly.

Leon sighed. "She’s not a ghost. That’s Elis—the dungeon core. She maintains this place. She’ll take care of you while I’m away."

Elis bowed deeply. "I will, Master."

"Make some beds for them, Elis. I’ll be—"

"Master. We are back," another voice interrupted him.

’FUCK... Why is everyone coming now ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

He immediately turned toward the entrance, where Dusk walked in beside Fruela.

Elaine held her head immediately loosing her balance and her eyes closing."Oh my god... Monster, We are all going to die."

"Dusk, change into your cat form immediately," Leon ordered.

"Y-Yes, Master," Dusk replied and instantly shifted into a small black cat.

*Poof*

Selene’s jaw dropped. "T-The monster turned into a cat... holy fucking shit."

"So that’s where I learned it from." Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at Selene.

"Should we run ?" Selene asked with a serious expression as she looked at him.

Leon sighed again. "Look, everything in this dungeon is under my command. You’re safe here. Fruela, take care of them while I’m gone."

"Yes, Master," Fruela said, bowing respectfully.

"W-Wait—you’re leaving ?" Elaine asked gaining her balance again.

"I told you already, Mom. Nothing can hurt you here and I have a very important work that I have to do." Leon explained.

Elaine stepped forward, placing her hand on Leon’s cheek. "Then go. But come back safe, Leo."

"I will. Don’t worry." Leon replied with a smile.

"And once you do," she added, her voice becoming scary and serious but her smile remained the same, "you will owe us some answers."

"Y-Yeah s-sure... Take me out." Leon gave a hesitated smile as he immediately disappeared.

Selene turned to her mother, still processing everything. "Did you see that ? Our Leon knows magic... and he owns a dungeon! That’s insane!"

A voice from below cut in. "Hi! I’m Dusk—Master Leon’s familiar."

Elaine blinked down at the cat. "I’m Elaine... Leon’s mother."

"I know," Dusk said, smiling. "I’ve been to your house with Master before."

"Wait, what? When?" Selene asked, with a suspicious expression.

"You wouldn’t have noticed. I can go invisible." Dusk spoke as he vanished immediately.

"Okay, this place is full of surprises..." Selene muttered, looking around.

"It is..." Dusk spoke as he re-appeared.

"Your beds are ready, You can sleep on them if you want. I can also make a bed for that human, if you eant." Elis said softly, pointing to Selene’s daughter.

"No... She sleeps with me." Selene replied.

"Shall I make your bed bigger than ?" Elis asked with a neutral expression.

"Sure." Selen replied.

"It’s done... Your Beds are there." Elis replied as she pointed toward the room’s corner.

"Thank you, we will use them when we need." Selene replied politely.

She then turned to Fruela. "So... who are you to my brother ?"

Fruela smiled. "I am his servant. Sir Leon rescued me and my sisters from a slave trader. I’ve served him ever since."

Elaine’s eyes widened. "He did what!?"

Selene nudged her. "Alright, Fruela. You’re telling us everything. From the beginning."

"Of course," Fruela nodded with a soft smile.

Meanwhile, Dusk quietly padded out of the room, his tail flicking.

"Master’s about to get into a lot of trouble," he spoke with a smile.

---

Weaver Household – Justin’s Room

Ten golden lamps lit Justin’s desk, casting a soft glow over his spellbook. He flipped a page, his eyes scanning words efficiently.

"So... that’s how you conjure fireball," he murmured.

*Click.*

Suddenly the door lock turned.

"Who dares to enter my room without—" he began, then froze.

"Mr. Leon ?"

"Hello, Justin," Leon said with a faint smile, stepping into the room.

"You didn’t show up this morning. I thought that elf did something to you."

"Don’t worry about her. She’s gone."

Justin stood up from the table and walked upto Leon immediately. "You were right. Ever since I stopped eating that poisoned food, the mana’s flowing properly again in my body. It’s like a miracle. I actually have a shot at becoming my family’s successor now.

Are you here to teach me magic Mr. Leon ?" He asked with an excited expression.

"No," Leon said. "I need a favor."

Justin tilted his head. "A favor?"

Leon’s tone was steady. "How much power do you have over a village chief?"

"You mean villages outside the kingdom walls?"

"Yes."

"Well... I can terminate them from their post. But I can’t kill anyone, if that’s what you’re asking."

"If I wanted him dead," Leon said coolly, "I wouldn’t be here. I want him removed. Write me a termination letter."

Justin considered. "If you want to get back at him for something... how about an AST letter?"

"AST?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"All Services Termination. It strips a noble of their title, their property, their job—everything."

Leon blinked. "You can do that ?"

"For one and two-star nobles, yes—especially if they have prior offenses. And Kael Klen? That guy is begging to lose his status. He nearly lost it when he tried to steal from the state funds about 2 weeks ago. The king exiled him outside the walls as punishment."

Justin smirked. "With an AST letter, no one will question it. He’ll become a commoner and without a job he and his family will be decreased to a slave pretty soon.

Because no one gives jobs to nobles who have turned to commoners."

Leon’s smile turned cold. "Perfect. Write it. I want to throw it in his face before midnight."

"Yep... I will write it immediately." Justin sat down and began writing.

’Let’s see who ends up exiled now. Losing power and status? That’s worse than death motherfuckers. Once she becomes a Commoner, I will make that bitch my slave.’

"Should I also write that he getting kicked out of the village ?" Justin asked.

"Yes... Write that in big words." Leon replied with a smile.

"Okay."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181: Stayin’ alive
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As always, two guards were seated at the entrance, idly chatting beneath the snowy overhang.

"I still don’t believe it," one of them muttered.

"Hmm? What now?" his partner asked, frowning.

"That Leon tried to rape the chief’s daughter. I mean, come on—he’s smart, the only student from Velthorne Academy from this village. He had a bright future. Why would he throw it all away like that ?" He asked with a serious expression.

"Lust can be dangerous. Or maybe it’s because she’s the chief’s daughter. You know how some people feel about nobles." his partner replied with a neutral expression.

"I think he was framed," the first guard said, his eyes narrowing.

"Framed? Why would the chief do that?"

"I don’t know. But something stinks about this wh—"

*Clip-clop. Clip-clop*

They both went silent as the sound of hooves echoed faintly through the snow-covered road.

"What’s that?" they said in unison, rising from their chairs and peering into the snowy night.

*Clip-clop. Clip-clop*

"It’s getting louder," one guard said. "But where is it coming from?"

"Hey—look!" the other one pointed.

A massive white horse—no, a Snow Walker—was racing toward them at full speed. And on its back there was someone riding. It was none other than Leon.

"That’s Leon! We have to stop him!"

Both guards grabbed their spears and pointed them toward the charging rider.

Leon’s voice rang out with wild laughter, "Get outta my way, motherfuckers ! Hahahaha! Daddy’s here to deliver a message!"

He jerked the reins and tapped the Snow Walker’s side twice.

"Hienggggg...!"

The beast let out a shrill cry and leapt over the guards in a single, majestic bound as it’s legs made way for him in the air, landing clean inside the village.

*Thud!*

The guards turned in shock, watching Leon gallop away.

"What the-!?"

"Good boy," Leon muttered, patting the Snow Walker’s side as it trotted toward Kael’s house.

---

In Front of Kael’s House...

Clip-clop. Clip-clop.

The Snow Walker stopped at Leon’s signal.

Thud.

Leon leapt off and strode to the door, rolling his neck and flexing his arms as if preparing himself for fighting.

*Knock. Knock*

From inside, Kael’s irritated voice echoed, "Who the hell comes at this hour...? Damn villagers, and where’s that useless butler?"

"Well... Not what I was expecting." Leon spoke in a low voice as he gave him arm a rapid jerk.

Click.

The door opened mid-rant. "Can’t even open a fucking doo—"

Before he could’ve completed his sentence,

CRACK!

A heavy punch smashed directly into Kael’s nose.

Thud.

"Owwww—FUCK! My nose! My fucking nose is bleeding! HELP SOMEONE." Kael shrieked, crumpling to the floor, clutching his face.

Leon stepped inside, emotionless. Then—

KICK!

A brutal boot to Kael’s gut pushed him a little backwards.

"Gwahhh!" Kael coughed blood as he placed one hand over his stomach.

Leon exhaled deeply. "You know... it’s snowing outside, but my chest’s been burning for the last 2 hours. It really hurted when you slapped me in front of my family. But now..." He smiled down at Kael. "It’s starting to feel a little better."

Suddenly, Leon felt something press against his back.

"Step aside. Or I’ll kill you, this is not a joke. Move a muscle and see for yourself." came a calm but deadly voice. Charles. His wand aimed directly at Leon’s spine.

"Oh no... hands up! I surrender man... I can’t fight you on this one." Leon said mockingly, raising his arms with a smirk. "I just have to surrender to the all powerful butler. Although your master doesn’t look in a very good condition."

Footsteps pounded down the stairs. "Why are you yelling—DAD?!"

Julia appeared, her eyes wide with horror at the sight of her bleeding father.

Charles spoke sternly, "You do realize striking a noble is punishable by death, right ?

There is no way you can walk away from this."

Leon, unbothered, simply said, "Wait for it... We will see who will walk away."

"What ?" Charles narrowed his eyes at Leon’s words.

Murmurs began to rise outside. In seconds, the entire village gathered at the chief’s house, drawn by the noise.

The guards who were at the gate came rushing in and grabbed Leon, tying his arms tightly with ropes and pushed him down on his knees.

"What’s wrong with you?! Why would you attack my father ?!" Julia screamed, storming up to him with an angry expression.

Leon just grinned. "The princess came to rescue. What did I tell you before I left ?"

"What ?!"

"That Snow Walker standing outside... you think it just appeared out of nowhere ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Julia.

Everyone turned to look at the majestic beast standing silently in the snow. Then back to Leon.

"What are you trying to saying ?" Julia asked, her eyes narrowing.

"You might want to check the right pocket of my pants, Julia Klen." Leon spoke with a smile.

She hesitated, then reached into his pocket and pulled out a sealed letter. Her breath hitched.

A golden ’W’ gleamed on the wax.

"W-What is it?" Kael croaked, staggering over.

"...The Weaver Household," Julia whispered, her voice trembling.

Kael’s face drained of color. "Open it."

As Julia broke the seal and read the letter, Leon spoke up.

"You might want to untie me now. Restraining a messenger of the Weaver family is not exactly a minor offense."

The guards immediately stepped back and loosened the ropes. Charles removed his wand and backed away as well.

Leon dusted himself off, then walked toward the Snow Walker.

With a grin, he mounted the saddle and turned to the now-silent crowd. No one met his eyes.

The letter slipped from Julia’s fingers and fluttered to the ground.

"W-What’s wrong? What does it say ?" Kael asked, picking it up.

His lips moved as he read—then stopped.

*Thud*

Kael collapsed onto his knees, eyes wide in horror.

"An official termination of all services... an AST letter," Leon announced loudly, his voice echoing in the dead silence. "Mr. Kael Klen. You and your family are no longer nobles. All your assets—this house, your carriages, and even your right to live in this village—have been revoked."

Leon smirked as he turned the Snow Walker around.

"Allow me to escort you out, with no courtesy at all."

He took a breath, then began to sing mockingly as he looked at Julia:

🎵 Feel the city breaking and everybody shaking, 🎵

🎵 And we’re stayin’ alive, stayin’ alive... 🎵

🎵 Ah, ah, ah, ah, stayin’ alive... stayin’ alive... 🎵

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182: The dirty talk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon was now gliding over the icy path on the snow walker, a wide, satisfied smile curling on his lips as cold wind caressed his face.

’Hah... The look they had on their faces when they left the village... that expression is burned into my memory forever. The pain in this moment will surely haunt them for the rest of their pitful lifes.. The shock will wake them up at night, all if they survived tonight. It was... delicious revenge hehe.’

A low chuckle escaped his lips as he leaned back slightly, his eyes half-lidded in contentment.

’Now that everything’s in place, and my family is safe... it’s time to focus on more serious things.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

His smile deepened as his thoughts turned serious.

’First—Justin. He needs to be the head of his house by the end of this month. First thing in the morning... I’ll be at his place. I need data—detailed, raw information on his brother’s wives... what they like, what makes them tick... what makes them wet. I need to take everything in account in order to make a flawless plan.’ Leon thought with a wicked perverted smile.

’Secondly, I’ll have to ask Kai to carve me those little wooden balls... no, no—that sounds ridiculous. Not balls. Beads. Exploding beads. Yes... that sounds so much better. Small but deadly and they will be easy to get Inside a monster’s body without much trouble.’

A low groan rumbled from his throat.

’I need to level up as well. I should raid dungeons. Get artifacts and most importantly dungeon cores. Elis said if I brought her more dungeon cores, she’d evolve faster and the dungeon will expand faster.... and she’d probably be even more powerful if the dungeon expands.’ He thought with a smile.

’After that... I need to train my body. Get my physique stronger. With each level up my HP and MP increases and that is a great thing, but if my body can’t keep up with my stats... what’s the point of leveling up ?’

Then, his lips twisted into a more perverse smirk, eyes gleaming with lust.

"Hah... But all that can wait... tonight, I’m going to bury myself inside a few thick MILFs until the sun comes up."

With that, he gently pulled the reins and turned the snow walker toward the dungeon.

---

Within minutes, the majestic trees of Vinceral Forest loomed in front of him.

Clip-clop... clip-clop...

Leon jumped down smoothly, his boots pressing into the thick snow. He walked to the side of the snow walker, pressed a firm palm against its chest, and whispered:

"Return now to the weaver household."

The beast neighed—"Heingggg"—reared up, and bolted back toward the kingdom with full speed, it was as if he is running over air.

Leon smirked, watching it disappear into the white haze.

’How the hell do they train those giant ass hprses to obey like that...? And he can even go back on it’s own. I should buy one of them.’

Shaking his head, he moved forward, boots crunching on snow until he reached the dungeon. Without hesitation, he thrust his hand deep into the icy layers of snow, feeling the cold bite against his skin until he found the stairs.

"Take me to the last floor." Leon spoke in a low voice and suddenly...

He vanished.

---

Seventh Floor, Dungeon

*Swish*

Leon reappeared inside the dimly lit, silent stone chamber. His eyes adjusted instantly. He blinked and noticed that the floor was too silent and no one was there.

"Hm...? Where is everyone ?" he asked with a confused expression.

His gaze scanned the area... and then paused. In one corner, Olga and Reina were lying naked, spread across the warm stone beds. Their glistening bodies shimmered faintly under the dungeon’s dim light—soft curves, parted thighs, their boobs rising and falling down slowly.

"Oh well... Looks like I can spare some time on them again and-"

But before he could approach them,

*swish*

Elis materialized in front of him, her body practically glowing in bright mana as she bowed to him immediately.

"Welcome back, Master." Elis spoke as she greeted him.

"Where is everyone, Elis ? Fruela, Mom and Selene ?" he asked with a confused expression.

"On the fifth floor, Master. They’re talking with the Dark Elves, Fruela took them there on their command." she replied flatly as she looked at Leon.

"Take me to the fifth floor." Leon spoke as he vanished again.

---

Fifth Floor...

*Swish*

Leon stepped into a room filled with soft chatter. The Dark Elves were seated on the ground around Elaine and Selene, deep in discussion with them. As soon as he entered, the room’s energy shifted.

"Hello, ladies... I see you’ve gotten acquainted with my dark elf friends," Leon said with a sly smile, walking toward them.

"Ah... Leo, you’re back," Elaine beamed, rising from the bed and approaching him with light steps.

"What were you all talking about ?" Leon asked, his eyebrow raised in confusion.

"About how you killed a slave trader and saved these Dark Elves and their children, Kidnapped a human girl as well." Selene answered with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Ah... that, it’s nothing. Don’t worry about it." Leon muttered, his eyes flicking sideways.

’Can’t exactly tell her I did it hoping to get myself a thick juicy MILF... and instead got a batch of slim ones. Just my stupid luck.’ Leon thought in his mind as he looked at Elaine.

Elaine stepped forward, pride dancing in her eyes. "You killed a man to save innocent mothers and their children. You’ve finally become a man. I’m proud of you, Leo."

"So, you aren’t angry that I saved Elfs and killed humans ?" Leon asked with a confused smile.

"You killed an evil man and saved mothers and their children." Elaine spoke with a kind smile.

Leon let out a breath, all the tension melting away.

"I don’t know what I’d have done without Master Leon," Fruela said with genuine gratitude, bowing slightly. "If he hadn’t found us, we’d have been sold off to noble pigs by now. I am really grateful to master Leon."

"We are also grateful to sir Leon." the rest of the Dark Elves echoed in unison, bowing—even the little ones mimicked the gesture with sincerity.

Selene chuckled and stepped up beside Leon.

"Aww... Look at that. You’re their hero. Isn’t that great ? Maybe if you ask nicely... some of them will definitely warm your bed while her child sleeps next to both of you hehehe." she spoke with a perverted smile.

Leon smirked and whispered in a low voice, "Are you mocking me ? Don’t you remember the night when I pulled your panty down and fucked you like a bitch while your slept next to us ?"

"No," she purred, taking a step closer, her voice dropping to a sultry whisper. "But... my boobs are feeling a little heavy right now. The baby’s full already and asleep. If you’re feeling thirsty... I’ll be lying on my bed with my milk jugs out, waiting for you and only you.

Maybe you can sneak some sips out or even get a mouthful of fresh mother milk."

His breath caught slightly. His pants tightened.

’Wow... She really knows how to talk like a pervert. On the first interaction... She was so shy and now she is like a bitch always asking for a good dicking.’ Leon thought in his mind but he wasn’t the one to back off that easily.

"What if I’m not thirsty... but just want to warm up my dick using a tight warm pussy ?" he murmured, his voice deep and low, laced with arousal.

"Hah... Your words really hit the spot you know." Selene spoke with a smile as her eyes closed a bit and her thighs trembled as well.

"What will you then, Sister ?" Leon asked with a smile.

Selene’s lips curled slowly.

"Then I suppose... I could sleep without my skirt too. Not like I’m wearing anything underneath it and there might be a wet, heat filled pussy under there begging to warm up your huge dick.

So, you will have to find it out yourself, you know." She spoke with an even perverted expression as she looked at Leon.

From the side, a red-faced Elaine huffed, "I can hear everything, you know. That type of talk in such place you two are shameless really."

Leon chuckled and turned his head. "What about you, Mom ? Clothes on or off tonight ? Because I know my dick can’t get warm enough using only one pussy.

So, I will need another one for sure. Maybe a mature one."

She hesitated, flustered—but didn’t look away.

Selene leaned in and whispered near his ear. "I think she wants to be fucked as well... just doesn’t know how to ask. Should I take off her skirt as well after she falls asleep ?"

"Hey... That’s not very good thing to say to your mother. I will take it off myself." Elaine spoke with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183: The Lick
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elaine and Selene went back to the seventh floor after talking to Leon.

"I greet my master..." Dusk spoke as he entered inside the room.

"Where were you dusk ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I was just taking a walk around the forest master. The forest seems restless nowadays..." Dusk informed as he walked upto Leon and sat in front of him.

He then started licking his fur as he scratched his ear with his paw.

"What do you mean ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"There is a new being in the forest, I don’t know if it is a monster, demon or human.

He looks like a human but very dangerous... Moves faster than a Lily shander, kills almost Instantly as soon as he get’s in touch with the target and doesn’t show any mercy while killing or eating the prey.

Even the monsters are afraid of him and walk cautiously around him. But he never comes out of the forest and lives in the deepest parts... So that’s a good thing for us. We don’t have to worry about him for now." Dusk informed as he looked at Leon.

’A human that kills monsters and eats them ?’ Leon thought in his mind for a second but immediately dismissed the thought because he had to go to the seventh floor.

"Just don’t lead him to the dungeon and inform everyone about him for now. Tell them not to wander too deep inside the forest." Leon ordered as he looked at Dusk.

"As you command, Master. I will inform the slimes." Dusk spoke as he immediately stood up and walked out of the room.

"I will also take my leave now. I have to go somewhere." Leonnspoke with a smile as he started walking towards the stairs but Fruela interrupted him from behind immediately.

"Ah... Master. Please have this before you leave." Fruela spoke as she passed a basket made out of leaves to him.

"What’s this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he removed the upper leaf and noticed fruits and berries inside it.

"These are the first fruits and berries that we scavenged from the forest master. It’s a tradition to serve the provider first." Fruela spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Wait... So that means, you guys haven’t eaten anything until now ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"No master." Fruela replied with a smile.

"Not even the children ?"

"No master. No one can eat before it’s served to you." Fruela replied immediately.

"I see... Well, I accept it. But next time just take some out for me and start eating. I can be out for days, that doesn’t mean that you are going to keep these kids hungry." Leon spoke as he looked at Fruela.

"I-I understand, Master. We are really grateful for your kind reply." Fruela spoke as she immediately bowed down to Leon.

"Good... Now, I need to leave." Leon spoke as he walked upto the stairs and suddenly stopped.

’Wait... Why am I walking if I can just teleport there ?’ Leon thought for a second.

"Take me to the seventh floor." He spoke and disappeared immediately.

...

Seventh floor,

*Swish*

As soon as Leon re-appeared on the seventh floor... He noticed that Elis is standing near the throne looking at him with a neutral expression.

He then slowly turned his head around and noticed Elaine and Selene lying down on the stone beds in the other corner of the room.

"Hehe... This is going to be really good. Elis take this." Leon spoke in a low voice as he handed over the leaf basket to Elis.

"Yes master." Elis spoke as she immediately created a slab made out of stone and Leon placed the basket over it.

He then walked upto Elaine and Selene and noticed that both of them are sleeping with blankets over their bodies.

First he walked upto Selene and slowly removed the blanket from her body only to notice her juicy, huge, soft boobs hanging freely out of her bodice and milk drops are covering her dark nipples making it even more attracting.

’Heh... I will just help myself then.’ Leon thought with a smile as he grabbed both of her boobs in his hands and started sucking on one of them while fondling the other one.

As soon as he inserted her boob inside his mouth and squeezed a little, the milk sprayed put of the nipple and sweetened Leon’s mouth.

*Schlp-Schlp-Schlp-Schlp-Schlp*

Leon continued to suck on her boobs and drink her milk after that without stopping.

He would flick her nipples and lick her areolas with his tongue while squeezing the milk out of them for the next 15 minutes.

’What the hell is this ? It’s like she has an infinite supply of milk... It’s just not ending.’ Leon thought in mind as he finally activated his skill.

"Remis..."

<Touch of Lust>

As soon as he activated the skill, A very huge wave of arousal travelled through Selene’s body and striked her womb, making her pussy release her love juices immediately.

"Annnh~ " Selene let out a low moan, as she slowly opened her eyes and noticed that Leon is sucking on her boobs like a thirsty beast.

"Mnhhh~ You dirty brother. Are you going to suck all the milk out of my boobs or what ?" Selene asked with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Hah... You are like a damn cow. I don’t think you are going to run out of milk from these swollen tits because I sucking on them for the last 15 minutes." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he immediately gave a tight squeeze to one boob while slapping the other one on the areola.

*Slap-Squeeze*

"Anhh~ D-Don’t do that... It’s making my pussy really wet and if you are going to do that, you will have to take some responsibility." Selene spoke with perverted and aroused smile as she looked at Leon.

"Well... If that’s the case, your pussy can be broken and I will need to take a look at it." Leon replied with a perverted smile.

"Please have a look then..." Selene spoke as she slowly raised her skirt and showed her naked, wet, thick pussy to Leon.

"Well, Well... Would you look at that ? I guess I will have to take a closer look at it." Leon spoke as he climbed over the bed and wrapped both of his hands around her soft and fleshy thighs.

"Let’s see..." He spoke with a smile as he gave it a long good lick with his tongue.

*Lick*

"Anhhh~ What a rough tongue. How do you even do that ?" Selene asked with a loud moan as her back arched up.

"Mnhhh~ Tastes like a perverted bitch’s pre-cum." Leon spoke with a smile as he gave it another good lick, this time even harder.

*LICK*

"Anhhhhh~ Fuckkk... How are you doing that ? Anhhhhh~" Selene moaned louder as she arched even more.

*LICK*

Before she could’ve recovered from the previous lick, Leon gave a rough lick on her clit.

"ANHHHHHHH~ C-Cummmingggg~" Selene moaned as she released a shower of cum all over Leon’s face.

Her eyes turned white and her boobs went sideways as her back arched up and down without breaks.

Her whole body trembled like a dry leaf as she immediately fell down.

"Well... That was a good shower." Leon spoke with a smile as he wiped the cum from his face and looked at Selene.

"Now... How about I use that slutty mouth of yours ?" Leon asked with a smile as he climbed upto her chest, placed his dick in between them and inserted it inside her mouth.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Without any warnings... Leon started pounding his dick into her mouth as if using a fuck toy.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Selene grabbed both of her boobs from the sides and started squeezing them tightly around Leon’s dick while making circles around his dick’s tip with her tongue.

’Oh... She is getting good at this. Giving me a boob-job and a blowjob at the same time.’ Leon thought in his mind as he continued to use her mouth for the next ten minutes.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

...

Ten minutes later...

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

"Okay... That’s it. I don’t want to empty my balls inside your upper mouth." Leon spoke with a smile as he pulled his cock out of her mouth and noticed a saliva string connecting her mouth to Leon’s dick.

*Slap-Slap*

Leon slowly slapped his dick over her lips twice and looked at her with a perverted smile.

"Please... Fuck my pussy. I-I can’t wait anymore." Selene spoke as she looked at Leon with a desperate expression and gave a kiss to his dick.

*Chuu*

"As you say." Leon spoke as he went down and started slapping his dick on her pussy lips this time.

*Slap-Slap*

"Anhhh~ Don’t tease my pussy anymore. It’s already flowing so much and I don’t want to-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon rammed his dick deep inside her.

"ANNNNNHHHHHHHHHHHH~" Selene moaned so loudly that Elaine woke up from her sleep.

"Wow... What’s this tightness ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Y-You are inside m-my womb." Selene spoke in a broken voice as she looked at Leon.

It was as if someone is grabbing her lower throat and choking her hard.

"Well... This is what you asked for." Leon spoke as he started pounding her pussy mercilessly.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhh~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184: How about your daughter ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SLAP—SLAP—SLAP—SLAP*

The sound of flesh meeting flesh echoed across the cold dungeon chamber like a drumbeat of lust. Selene’s body jolted with every impact, her breath catching in her throat, her soft moans rising with every second.

She lay on her stomach, her body helplessly arched, trembling under Leon’s tight grip. Her full, heavy chest pressed into the stone bed beneath her, milk softly leaking from her nipples, forming small puddles under her areolas, with every pump she would shudder with pleasure that she couldn’t control.

Leon’s hands were spread wide on her hips, pulling her back into him with every thrust. His fingers sank into her supple flesh as his gaze devoured the sight of her—how her pussy tried to move her whole body just for a little more, how she whimpered with every thrust, how she gave in completely to his dick’s rhythm.

Her voice cracked between gasps.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Ahhhn~! Leon... I... Anhhhhh~ I can’t do this anymore... Anhhhhh~ You are pounding my pussy so much... At least give me some time Anhhhh~ to rest. Anhhhh~."

But Leon didn’t stop. He was locked in—grunting, breathing heavy, wild lust clearly visible in his eyes. The way she clung to the bed, the way her legs trembled and when she begged for him to stop... it all fueled him to fuck her even more.

Just a few feet away, Elaine was losing herself too.

She lay on her back, her legs shamelessly raised and spread, her eyes glued to Selene being fucked like an obedient fuck toy. Her fingers worked with desperation, slick sounds mixing with her moans as she bit down hard on the blanket to silence herself.

Her breath came in ragged bursts.

"Mmmhnf~ Nghhh~ So... hot... my daughter is begging for him to stop and I am rubbing my pussy to it. How bad of a mother have i become ?" she whispered to no one as her fingers worked even faster.

Her thighs trembled uncontrollably as her pussy released even more love juices, fed by the sight of her daughter’s body bouncing under Leon’s dick, by the loud moaning and slapping sounds.

Leon glanced toward Elaine for a split second—his lips curling into a wicked grin.

"Oh my... Would you look at that ? Mom is masturbating while looking at you getting fucked." Leon spoke as he immediately laid down over Selene’s body and slowly grabbed her throat.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Annnhhh~ Mmmfuck~ She’s probably spreading her soft Anhhh~ pussy wide open for your Anhhhh~ fat cock already," Selene moaned, her voice shaky, breath catching as Leon’s hand wrapped tight around her throat. Her face flushed, eyes half-rolled as she melted under the pressure.

"Oh? Then I better give that little slut what she’s craving, but I will have to get rid of you first.

I think it’s time to speed up things a little..." Leon spoke, a wicked grin stretching across his face. Without any warning, he slammed his cock deep into her harder—ruthless, relentless.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

The sound of his balls hitting against her ass cheeks rapidly echoed throughout the room.

"Ahhh~ Ahhh~ FUCK—Yes! Yes! More! Break my pussy!" Selene shouted, her thighs trembling as her soaked cunt tightened around his cock like a vice.

"You want me to break this slutty pussy ? You bitch... I will make it remember the shape of my dick and then break it, only do it all over again." Leon hissed into her ear, his hand still at her throat, his hips thrusting like a beast in heat.

"Yes—yes—Fuck Fuck, Leon! Use me! Fill me up Pleaseeeeeee~!" she cried, drooling onto the stone bed below, her ass bouncing even more with every brutal thrust.

"Mnhhh~"

Leon grunted, the sight of her wrecked face and shameless moaning pushed his balls closer to climax.

"I’m fucking cumming—take it all, you filthy little slut of a sister."

Leon buried his cock deep, releasing thick, hot ropes of cum inside her trembling pussy.

Selene let out a scream of pure bliss as she felt Leon’s hot cum hitting her pussy walls.

"Yesssss~ Ahhhhhh—I’m cumming! I’m cumming toooo~!" she moaned with a slutty cry as her pussy exploded in a wild fountain.

*Squirt—Squirt—Squirt*

Her legs gave out beneath her, her back arched, tongue rolled out, eyes crossed, ass still twitching from the orgasm.

Leon pulled out slowly, watching the thick mix of white cream gush out of her stretched hole, dripping messily onto the bed. He slapped her ass-cheek hard.

*SLAP*

"Anhh~"

Selene shuddered, letting out a soft, breathless giggle, her body twitching with the aftershocks.

"Phew... Your pussy will remain under control for now," Leon chuckled, licking his lips and wiping off the cum from his dick with her boobs.

Then, his gaze shifted—slowly—toward Elaine, who had been watching the whole thing with flushed cheeks and parted pussy lips waiting for a cock desperately.

"Well... How are you doing mom ?" Leon asked with a smile as he walked upto Elaine.

"L-Leo... I-I can’t wait anymore. Please don’t make me wait." Elaine spoke with a desperate expression as she removed her blanket and revealed her completely wet and soaked pussy.

"My, My... Aren’t you behaving like a little slut ?" Leon asked with a perverted smile as he slowly bent down and kissed her on the lips.

*Chhuuuuuuuuu*

Leon’s tongue immediately entered inside her mouth and started licking the insides of her mouth including her tongue.

His hand slowly slipped down to her pussy and started teasing her clit.

"Mnfff~ Mnfff~" Elaine immediately tried to moan but Leon’s mouth didn’t let them out and as her legs started to tremble, her hips started to go up and down instinctively.

After kissing her for about one minute... Leon finally let go of her mouth.

"Haah... Your slutty pussy is trying to gobble up fingers, Mom. What do you want to say about that ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at her already desperate expression.

"I-I want your huge cock to teach my slutty pussy how to behave properly by punishing it... Please Leo." Elaine spoke with a shameless expression as she grabbed Leon’s cock and started jerking it off.

"Oh wow... Would you look at that ? Where did you learn to say that, Mom ?" Leon asked with a smile as he climbed on the bed and slowly placed his cock against her pussy.

"S-Selene taught me a few sentences." Elaine spoke with a hesitated and desperate expression as she started rubbing her pussy up and down over Leon’s cock hoping to get it in.

*Slap-Slap*

"Like what ? If you say the right one... I will immediately slap this dick so deep into your pussy that you will not be able to forget it." Leon spoke with a smile as he slapped his dick against her pussy lips.

"I-If you insert your dick inside my pussy... I-I will grab it really hard and make you cum immediately." Elaine spoke in a breaking voice her eyes never leaving Leon’s cock.

"Wrong one..." Leon spoke with a teasing smile as he placed his cock in front of her hole and pressed a little.

"Anhhh~ Y-You can use my pussy however you want, cum inside me... Fuck me in any position you want. Just please fuck me... I can’t take it anymore." Elaine spoke with a desperate expression.

"Very..." Leon spoke as he rammed his cock into her pussy all at once, "...good."

*SLAP*

"Anhhhhhh~" Elaine moaned loudly as her legs trembled and she immediately squirted a fountain of cum.

*Squirrrrrrrrt*

"Well... Looks like I have to spend more time with your broken pussy." Leon spoke with a smile as he pulled his cock out slowly.

And as he pulled it out, Elaine’s pussy walls gripped his cock tightly.

’I can’t get enough of this feeling. Her desperate pussy walls are grappling so hard on my dick... It feels like heaven.’ Leon thought with a smile as he rammed his cock into her pussy once again with full speed.

*SLAP*

"ANNNNNHHHHHHH~ D-Don’t do that~ It makes me-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon pulled his cock out and slammed it back in with full power.

*SLAP*

"Anhhhhhh~"

"Make you what ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"H-Horny... I-It makes me even more horny." Elaine spoke as her back arched and her pussy’s g-spot pressed against Leon’s dick.

"Anhhhh~"

"I wonder if this will make you horny." Leon thought with a smile as he grabbed her clit, pulled it up and slammed his dick into her pussy once again.

"ANHHHHHHHHHH~" Elaine moaned loudly as she immediately made an ahegao face and her pussy clenched Leon’s cock tightly.

*Clench*

Leon lost control over his body after this and started pounding her pussy senseless.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhhh~" Selene moaned loudly as she grabbed the stone bed and enjoyed getting her pussy pounded by Leon’s thick cock.

...

Outside the kingdom’s gate...

"Hey... What’s that ?" One of the guard asked as he noticed some shadows walking towards them.

"Hmm...? I think they are people." The other guard replied.

"Wait... Isn’t that guy Kai Keln ? The one star noble ?" One of the guard spoke up.

"Kai Klen... Not keln." His partner replied as he immediately walked upto them and noticed that all three of them are trembling in cold.

"I am sorry Mr. Kai. You have been expelled from the kingdom. We can’t allow you to enter." The guard spoke with a serious expression.

"P-Please... M-My daughter and Wife will die. Please let us in." Kai spoke as he looked at the guard.

"No sir, we are very-"

"Wait... We can give you place to spend the night but that will cost you." The other guard spoke as he walked upto him and looked at Julia with a perverted expression.

"How about your daughter ?"

"I will fucking kill you." Julia spoke with a serious and angry expression.

"Well then... You guys can fuck off." The guard spoke with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185: Pain’s Recovery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Next Morning...

*Blink-Blink*

Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed that a glowing torch on the dungeon’s wall.

He slowly turned to his right and saw Elaine sleeping naked right next to him.

*Yawwwn*

Leon stood up from the stone bed and yawned as he started getting dressed up.

After getting dressed... Leon started walking towards the throne.

"I greet my master." Elis spoke as she appeared in front of him and bowed down immediately.

"Hello Elis..." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

’It’s been a while since I made a skill... Even though I haven’t mastered the previous ones, but I need to make these skills.’ Leon thought in his mind.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Pain’s Recovery."

[Skill ’Pain’s Recovery’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A passive skill that get’s triggered whenever the user get’s hurt 5% of the his total mana will be deducted in order to gain a regen stack.

One regen stack will boost the user’s natural regeneration by 1%."

’I wanted to make a regeneration skill from day one... But, I couldn’t get the right words for it. I don’t know if this will get accepted or not.’ Leon thought with a smile as he looked at the words floating in front of him.

[Processing...]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the skill’s rank.]

"Shit..." Leon thought as he looked at the screen but suddenly, another screen popped up in front of him.

[Note: Define the maximum number of stacks the skill can give.]

"Ah... Looks like system figured it out but I still have a walk around." Leon thought with a smile as an idea came to his mind.

"The skill can stack until the user runs out of mana." He spoke with a smile.

[Processing..]

"Come on... Come on..." Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at the screen.

[Description has been accepted.]

"Fuck Yes." Leon spoke with a wide smile as he looked at the screen.

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 20 mana/use. 5% of total mana per stack. ]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 30 seconds after every the user runs out of mana.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Learn." Leon spoke with a smile.

[Congratulations ! You have successfully learned the skill {Pain’s Recovery}]

"Well then... It’s time to test it." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately opened his inventory and pulled out the Nyxter.

"Thread..."

Leon binded the invisible mana threads to one of Nyxter’s blade and placed his fingers over it.

*Chk*

The blade slowly moved away and left a cut over Leon’s finger.

<Pain’s Recovery>

[-27 MP]

[+1 Regen stack]

’I don’t see much effect.’ Leon thought as he looked at the cut closely.

"Oh well... Looks like I need to get more cuts in order to get sufficient stacks for instant regeneration." Leon thought as he immediately placed the Nyxter back into his inventory.

"Take me to the fifth floor." Leon spoke as he immediately vanished.

....

Fifth Floor, Dungeon...

*Swish*

Leon appeared on the fifth floor and noticed Fruela training with her daggers in an empty corner of the room.

*Swish-Swish-Swish*

Everytime her daggers moved, they cutted through the air and made a whistling sound.

"Make sure you don’t hurt the walls." Leon spoke with a smile as he started walking towards her.

"Master, Good morning." Fruela spoke as she immediately bowed down to Leon.

"Morning is not going to be very good for me after what I am going to tell you." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Something wrong, master ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression.

Without speaking another word... Leon took off his shirt and looked at Fruela.

Suddenly, Fruela’s face glowed brightly red as she immediately turned around.

"M-Master... A-Are we going to do that ?" She asked with a shy and hesitated voice.

"Unfortunately... No. You can turn around." Leon replied with a smile.

Fruela slowly turned around and looked at Leon, her face still red.

"Tell me... How many cuts can you make on my body in one second ?" Leon asked.

"Cuts ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... This size cuts." Leon spoke as he showed his finger to Fruela.

"About twelve to fifteen... Master." Fruela replied with a neutral expression as she looked his finger.

"Good... Make them on my back as fast as you can and as many as you can." Leon spoke as he immediately sat down on the ground and stuffed his mouth with a handkerchief.

"B-But master... How can I hurt you ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"You are helping me... Darling. Just do it." Leon spoke as he pulled the handkerchief out of his mouth and placed it back in after that.

"Y-Yes... Master." Fruela spoke with a hesitated expression as she walked upto Leon and holded her dagger right over his back.

"Phew..." Fruela let out a warm breath from her mouth and suddenly, her dagger made a line of small cuts all over Leon’s back.

*Cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut-cut*

"MNGHHHHHHFFF..." Leon shouted loudly as he clenched his fists so tightly that his nails started to dig in his palm.

[-27 MP]

[+1 Regen stack]

[-10 HP]

[-27 MP]

[+1 Regen stack]

[-10 HP]

[-27 MP]

[+1 Regen stack]

[-10 HP]

...

Instead of focusing on pain Leon started looking at the screens popping in front of him.

As his back got covered in blood... Fruela looked at the cuts with a tense expression.

"M-Master... Should I stop ?" She asked with a hesitated expression.

Leon simply raised his hand and shaked it... Telling her to make more cuts.

"Y-Yes..." Fruela spoke as she immediately raised her dagger once again and made even more cuts over the previous cuts.

This process continued for the next one minute but suddenly, Fruela stopped making cuts in Leon’s back.

"Master... The cuts. They are healing, so fast." She spoke with a shocked and surprised expression.

"Hah..." Leon finally pulled the handkerchief from his mouth and stared at the screen in front of him.

[+120 Regen stacks]

’That hurted like hell... Fuck. I can’t even activate adaptive body, because If I did that... I won’t feel any pain and the stack won’t work.’ Leon thought in his mind as he stood up and turned around to look at Fruela.

"Master... Are you alright ?" She asked with a worried expression.

"Cut off my pinky finger." Leon ordered as he raised his hand towards Fruela.

"But master... Why would-"

"Just do it Fruela." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"A-As you command, Master." Fruela spoke as she immediately raised her dagger and placed it in front of Leon’s pinky finger.

"Phew..." Leon let out a slow and warm breath from his mouth.

’I am pretty sure that it should regenerate... But if this didn’t work. I will be in some serious problem.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"R-Ready, Master ?" Fruela asked with a hesitated expression.

"Yes... Cut i-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Fruela cut his finger cleanly.

*Chk*

*Thud*

The finger immediately fell down the ground and instead of a new finger growing on Leon’s hand... The injured spot got sealed by new skin and it looked as if he never had a pinky to begin with.

"Fuck..." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at his pinky finger.

’The skill is not regenerating my body parts only injuries are being healed at an incredible speed.

I should’ve thought of that before.’ Leon thought as he immediately bent down and grabbed his pinky finger from the ground.

"Fruela make a cut on the same spot..." Leon spoke as he raised his hand towards Fruela.

"Yes master." Fruela replied as she immediately placed her dagger over Leon’s hand and made a clean cut on the same spot.

*Chk*

As soon as blood started coming out, Leon placed his severed finger back on it’s place.

"Please, Please..." He spoke in a low tone with a serious expression.

Suddenly, muscles and bone of his hand started to extend to the pinky finger and in just a few seconds his pinky got re-attached.

"Phew..." Both Leon and Fruela let out a breath of relief as they looked at pinky finger.

’Why is this happening ? This skill should be able to regenerate any part of my body...’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Master... The healing speed of your body is amazing. Only a high-class priest can cast these types of healing spells." Fruela spoke with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon.

"Phew... Okay, I am going now. Take me to the seventh floor." Leon spoke as immediately disappeared.

...

Seventh Floor,

*Swish*

After re-appearing on the seventh floor, Leon didn’t wasted another second and started doing push-ups on the ground.

’Now... This skill will support me in doing extreme workouts that are going to make my physique better.’ Leon thought in his mind as he continued the push-ups.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186: Justin and Adeline
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"...Ninety-eight. Ninety-nine. One hundred."

Leon is now doing push-ups, his body is really sweaty and veins are popping on his forehead.

Even after all this his voice remained calm, but as soon he completed the final push-up, his arms gave out and his body dropped to the ground with a dull sound.

*Thud*

His chest rose and fell rapidly.

*Huff... Huff... Huff...*

The stone floor beneath him was warm, yet as soon as his sweat body hitted it... the floor felt cold— but ignoring all this Leon’s mind focused elsewhere.

’Every time I push my body like this... my muscles tear apart, and then heal almost instantly because of the Pain Recovery skill. Efficient, yes... but it’s flawed.’

He rolled over onto his back, staring at the ceiling of the dungeon chamber.

’The muscles break and rebuild too quickly. Meaning there’s no time for natural muscle growth.

Although I’ll get stronger—but I’ll never look stronger. No mass. No popping muscle veins. I’ll always look like this and that’s good.

I don’t want to look muscular either,’

He sat up slowly, wiped the sweat from his brow, and pulled his shirt over his head.

’but one of the biggest and worse flaw of this skill is that... I still get tired and I still feel the muscle breaking pain but it’s not painful enough to give me a stack, what a stupid thing.

The pain goes away as soon as I stop, but the exhaustion stays. I should’ve thought more before making that this skill.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

Standing now, he exhaled deeply and muttered, "Take me out of the dungeon."

A faint shimmer enveloped him—and in the next instant, he vanished.

---

Outside the Dungeon,

*Swish*

Leon reappeared at the dungeon’s entrance. Snow covered the ground in a thick white sheet. Trees were blanketed in frost, and heavy dark clouds loomed overhead, dimming the already pale morning light.

It felt more like night as he stared at the sky.

Leon started walking toward the forest’s edge when a distant voice pierced the still air.

"Mr. Leon! Mr. Leon!"

Leon turned, spotting a young man sprinting through the snow, shouting his name and he was none other than Kai himself.

’Why is this motherfucker shouting my name so loudly ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

Kai stumbled to a halt in front of him, breathing heavily but grinning wide.

"I’m here! Phew... I came from the other direction so that no one can find the dungeon’s location." he said, catching his breath.

Leon frowned. "Never shout like that again. You’ll draw attention to the dungeon automatically you idiot. And next time, check your surroundings—twice. Make sure no one’s followed you, because if you run with a purpose people will follow you.

Just act normal while entering the forest."

"I-I’m sorry... I understand, I will do all that next time." Kai stammered, bowing his head.

"Good." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

" So, what do you want me to make today ?" he asked with an excited expression.

"Wooden beads." Leon replied with a smile.

"...Beads ?" Kai blinked, confused. "Out of wood ?"

Leon held his fingers apart to show the size. "I want them this small."

"Okay... But, How many do you want ?" Kai asked.

"Make as many as you can." Leon replied.

"Can I make a Royal Design bed for you after that ? I always wanted to make one, Please." Kai asked as he looked at Leon with a hopeful expression.

"Sure... Do whatever you want but I want at least a hundred beads made by the end of the day." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Ah... Don’t worry about that. The beads will be ready in just one hour." Kai replied with a neutral expression.

"Okay." Leon spoke as he glanced back at the dungeon. "Dungeon Entrance is covered in snow. Come with me—I’ll take you to the first floor."

"Y-Yes, sir!" Kai replied as he immediately started walking behind Leon.

---

Once Kai was safely inside the dungeon, Leon exited the forest and began his walk toward the kingdom.

As he walked along the snowy path, the rhythmic creaking of wheels broke through the silence. A wagon came to a stop beside him.

"Oi! Kid! Need a ride to the kingdom ? Only one copper." the driver called.

Leon paused for a second and looked at the driver. "Sure."

He climbed into the back of the wagon, where two girls sat wrapped in thick layers of clothing, their bodies visibly shivering.

Leon eyed them briefly, then closed his eyes.

’They’re freezing, but I barely feel it anymore. Adaptive Body is best... After using it for so long, my body’s adjusted to cold environments—even without the skill being active I can take care of cold.’ He thought with a faint smirk as he leaned against the wooden frame.

---

*Screech*

The wagon came to a sudden halt.

"We’re here. One copper each. Pay up," the driver grumbled, moving toward the back—only to witness the two girls leap down from the front and bolt.

"H-Hey! You little—! Get back here!" he roared, taking off after them.

But the girls moved fast—far too fast for a normal thief. Within seconds, they disappeared into the crowd.

Leon hopped down silently, brushing the snow from his coat.

’Scammers, huh ? Unexpected in this world. But well anything can happen.’ Leon thought with a smile.

The driver turned back, scowling. "Hey, you—don’t even think about running, I swear I’ll—"

Clink.

Three copper coins hit the ground at his feet.

"Enjoy," Leon said, walking past him without breaking stride.

The driver stared, baffled.

’Why did he pay for them ?’

---

The kingdom was bustling. Markets were packed, people wrapped in thick scarves and coats.

Most of them were standing in front of the cloth shops in order to buy blankets and other clothes for winter.

Leon weaved through the crowd with ease.

Eventually, he arrived at Noble Street. The guards at the gate recognized him and gave a simple nod, no questions asked.

Unlike the rest of the city, Noble Street was pristine—snow-free, clean, and lined with elegance.

’These guys really spend some money on cleaning huh ?’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Leon! Hey, Leon!"

A familiar voice rang out from behind. Leon turned to see Adeline rushing toward him, with a young boy running besides her.

"Hello, Adeline," he greeted with a small smile.

"This is my brother, Jester. He’s been dying to meet the man who saved his life." Adeline spoke as she placed her hand over jester’s shoulder.

The boy stepped forward nervously, his eyes wide. "Hello, Big Brother Leon... I-I wanted to thank you. And... I want to be like you when I grow up!"

Leon rested a hand gently on the boy’s shoulder.

"You’re too skinny, Jester. Eat more. Grow stronger."

"I-I will," the boy said, his voice trembling.

Leon glanced at Adeline. "He’s scared."

She nodded quietly. "You’re the first person he’s spoken to in five years. Since... everything you know."

"I see."

"Are you going to the mansion?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Heh. Early bird like me. Very good."

Leon smirked faintly. ’Early bird ? If she knew what I was doing last night... she’d probably never sleep again.’

---

They reached the mansion and entered through the back gate.

As soon as they entered inside, Leon looked at Adeline. "Adeline. I need a word. Alone."

"Of course." She looked over at Jester. "Jester, go wait in the kitchen, alright? I’ll be back soon."

"You promise ?" Jester asked with a scared expression.

"I promise." Adeline replied with a smile.

"Okay..." He hesitated, then turned around and walked off.

"Follow me." Leon spoke as he began heading up the stairs.

"I thought you wanted a private place to talk ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression.

"We’re going to Justin’s room."

She blinked. "You were in there last night too... Is everything okay ?"

"Get in," Leon said, as he holded the door open.

"But what if Master Justin comes back—"

"Just get in, Adeline. We don’t have time." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

She entered the room cautiously—but her eyes widened when she saw Justin sitting on the bed, legs crossed, eyes closed in deep focus.

"Justin, you can open your eyes," Leon said as he walked upto the couch and sat down.

Justin exhaled slowly, his eyes snapping open. "The mana... it’s flowing perfectly. I’ve been doing it all night, just like you taught me. It feels incredible. Should I start using spells now?"

Adeline quickly bowed. "M-Master Justin... I didn’t know you were here."

Justin blinked. "Adeline? Wait—why are you—"

"I brought her," Leon said flatly.

"...She knows?"

"Yes. You both know now—Reina and her brother were elf spies. But they are gone for good."

Adeline and Justin exchanged a stunned look.

"You knew!?" Justin asked.

"Y-Yes, sir," Adeline replied, bowing deeply.

"No time for that," Leon cut in. "Adeline, listen carefully. Justin will be the next head of the Weaver family. As the head maid, your job is to support him—no matter what."

"But how can that be ? There are Sir Jamie and—"

"I’ll take care of his brothers. You focus on your part. If you can’t... I’ll have to replace-"

"I-I’ll do it! Don’t replace anything." Adeline said quickly.

Leon nodded. "Good. Now... Tell me everything you both know about Emilia Weaver."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187: Kiren Vanguard
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Justin sat quietly at his desk, absorbed in the pages of a thick spellbook. The flame of a single candle danced beside him, casting flickering shadows along the walls as no light was coming through the windows due to the clouds.

Leon lay across on his bed, arms folded behind his head, staring up at the ceiling with an unreadable expression.

’So according to Justin and Adeline... Emilia’s just a background character in this house. A noble wife tucked into the far corners of the family.

Once married, she had a son, then slowly faded from any important matters. She buried herself in flower gardens while her son left to study magic in a magic academy and neither Jamie nor her son comes home to give her a visit.’

His brows knit together.

’I don’t want to do this and it’s going to be very risky and extreme. But it’s the only way if I want Justin to rise in the successor’s line and become the next head.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he sat up.

"Justin," he said suddenly, voice low and direct. "How long would it take your brother to return from the border if he was called ?"

Justin looked up from the book, blinking. "If I send a letter now... two days at least. Maybe more. Snow’s covered half the roads. It’s hard to come home without a snow walker and they don’t keep them at the borders as they are very expensive." He explained.

Leon stood and dusted off his coat. "Well then... it’s time to send a message to your dear brother."

"What should I say ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

Leon turned to face him. "Tell him Emilia’s cheating on him. With Jim." A glint entered his eyes. "Write it as if you’re worried about him. Make it personal. Make sure he get’s pissed off while reading it and comes home as soon as possible."

Justin stiffened with fear immediately, "M-Mr. Leon... If this turns out to be false, my brother could actually kill me. You know that, right ?"

Leon tilted his head, amused. "You really need to stop trembling every time something gets real. If you want to rule this house, you’ll need a spine stronger than that. Don’t make me regret my decisions and stop behaving like a pussy."

"I-I didn’t mean—"

"Don’t worry," Leon interrupted. "I’ll make it true. You just send the letter. When I get back, we’ll begin your first spell training.

You will have to learn as many spells as possible in the next two days."

"But... Why in two days ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"Don’t think too much Justin. Just keep one thing in mind you are going to be the next leader of this house soon."

Without waiting for a response, Leon left the room.

---

Outside, leaning casually against the corridor wall, Adeline looked up as he stepped out.

"You’re done already?" she said dryly, arms folded.

"Did anyone come?" Leon asked, ignoring the sarcasm.

"It’s six in the morning. Everyone’s still asleep. Even the servants," she said with a neutral expression. "Also, for the record—I’m head maid of this house, not your personal lookout maid."

Leon smirked. "I could replace you with a prettier, more obedient lookout maid you know."

Adeline raised an eyebrow. "Go ahead and hire her. I am sure you will hire a girl who follows your every order but you know what ? Those who follow all orders fuck up when things get real."

Leon chuckled. "That’s why you’re still here."

They descended the staircase in silence for a moment before Adeline spoke again, her tone quieter.

"Leon... You’re messing with things you can’t undo. This family—this house—if they even suspect what you’re doing, it won’t be exile or imprisonment. They’ll bury you. No trial. No whispers.

If they found out about your plans to make Master Justin the head of the house, things will take a bad turn for both of us."

Leon stopped mid-step, turned, and leaned in closer to her face. His voice was calm, warm... but commanding.

"Adeline, you don’t need to worry about me."

Adeline blinked, startled by his closeness. Her breath caught for a split second as his scent hit her— and suddenly, she felt juices secreting out of her pussy.

"Just keep your eyes open and watch your back." Leon spoke with a smile as he pulled away and continued down the steps.

Adeline stared after him, dazed for a heartbeat. Her cheeks flushed red.

’D-Damn it... I wetted my panties. I thought he was about to kiss me—ugh, what is wrong with me?’

She shook her head violently and followed him into the kitchen with an embarrassed expression.

---

Leon stood at the counter, holding a small glass vial filled with a faintly glowing violet liquid.

"Is that what I think it is ?" Adeline asked, suspicious.

"Yep, moonrush aphrodisiac." He grinned. "I’m going to get Jim to fuck Emilia."

"Sister! You are back." Jester’s voice rang out as he darted from the other side of the kitchen and latched onto Adeline’s legs.

"Yes, yes," she said quickly, gently ruffling his hair.

Leon casually held up the vial and gave her a look.

Adeline’s eyes widened. "No. Not in front of him. Jester—why don’t you go play in the garden? But don’t touch the flowers, alright?"

"Okay!" Jester beamed and ran out the back door.

"One—you do not talk about people ’getting fucked’ in front of a kid. Two—you’ve gone completely insane." Adeline spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

Leon uncorked the vial and smelled it a little.

"Phew... That’s some strong stuff. I can fuck you right now." Leon spoke with a perverted smile.

"It’s not something to joke upon, Jamie’s going to rip Jim in half if this plan works. And when they trace it back—we’re next in the line to die."

"He won’t trace it back. You just put one drop in each of their morning teas. I’ll handle the rest." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"You’re walking a tightrope over a pit full of snakes, Leon. I am telling you, this could go very wrong very fast."

"Yeah," he said with a smirk, "Don’t worry about it."

Adeline groaned. "Fine. I’ll do but you will really take care of the track back thing, right ?"

Leon gave her a slight nod and started walking towards the back gate.

"One more thing," he added over his shoulder. "Do you know someone named Amelia Ford?"

Adeline furrowed her brow. "The blonde knight girl? Always hangs around Jim? Doesn’t talk to anyone else?"

"That’s her." Leon spoke with a smile.

"I’ve seen her in the mansion. Don’t know much beyond that."

"Where can I find her?"

"Training grounds, probably. Head south a kilometer past the mansion walls. Big stone walls are covering it. All the knights from most of the noble families are trained their."

Leon nodded. "Perfect. And remember the teas."

"Yes, yes! I got it."

He immediately vanished through the door.

---

As Leon made his way through the noble district. His breath formed faint puffs in the cold air.

’If I can get Emilia and Jim in the same room... Moonrush will do the rest. It fucks up their judgement abilities and turns them into monkeys who only knows how to fuck.

Two nobles, alone, thinking they’re safe... They’ll fuck a whole lot and when they wake up ? I’ll have all the proof Jamie needs to know about their secret.’

’But for the final touch... I will have to get the biggest proof of all and it will be none other than Jim’s girlfriend Amellia herself.’ Leon thought with an evil smile.

---

After walking for a few minutes, Leon finally reached in front of the training grounds.

The training grounds were massive—an open arena surrounded by big stone walls. Sword clashes rang through the air as Leon stepped inside.

Two women dueled at the center, each drawing a crowd. One wielded a blazing sword, its flames licking the air. The other fought with a blade shimmering with ice.

"Woah." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

TANG—TANG—TANG—TANG—

The crowd gasped and murmured as the two clashed at blinding speeds, their blades showering sparks. Leon could barely follow them.

’This is like watching an anime fight in real life... How the hell are they so fast?’

The duel didn’t last long though. The ice-wielding girl was thrown back, landing hard. The flame-user pressed her sword to the girl’s throat.

The arena exploded in cheers.

"GRIAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"

But the fallen girl didn’t rise to meet it. She silently picked up her blade and turned away from the crowd. Leon noticed the shimmer of tears on her cheeks as she walked past him.

He narrowed his eyes and immediately used his skill on her.

<Inspect>

[Name: Kiren Vanguard]

[Class: Sword Saint]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 1900/2000]

[MP: 0/1000]

[Description: Kiren Vanguard is the first daughter of the Vanguard household. She seeks to become the strongest Sword Saint to prove her worth to her father and claim succession. Despite her talent and agility, her frozen mana nerves prevent her from using mana efficiently.]

’Tch. I came here to collect gold and got diamond. How can I let such a beautiful apportunity escape from my hands ?’

Without hesitation, Leon followed her.

"Hello, ma’am," he called out.

She didn’t stop. "What do you want ?" Her tone was cold and sharp, matching her sword.

"Nothing," Leon said smoothly. "Just wanted to say... you fought well. If it weren’t for your frozen mana nerves—"

*Swish*

Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Her sword was suddenly at his throat, the cold edge biting against his skin.

’How the fuck did she do that so fast !? I swear her sword was inside the sheath a moment ago.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188: The Charmer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kiren’s blade pressed coldly against Leon’s throat, her eyes narrowing as the steel glinted under the morning light.

"How do you know about my frozen mana nerves ?" she asked, her voice firm and tinged with suspicion, her grip unwavering.

Leon remained perfectly calm, showing no signs of concern or fear in front of the blade. "I know many things," he replied with a calm, measured smile.

Her blade didn’t move for a long moment. "You have three seconds to tell me who you really are, or I’ll cut your throat right here.

I am not joking and I really don’t care about what happens to me after this."

"I’m the butler of Sir Justin Weaver, from the weaver household." Leon answered evenly, his tone utterly neutral.

Kiren studied him carefully, her brows drawn together, before she slowly lowered her weapon. "The Weaver household... Just stay away from me. I don’t have anything to do with the Weaver household and neither do I want any extra trouble. So keep your distance from me kid."

She turned and began walking away, but Leon’s voice stopped her again. "I can cure your frozen mana nerves if you want."

Her steps halted. She didn’t turn around immediately, but when she did, there was a new edge to her gaze. A curious one.

"You think you’re the first to say that ? Dozens—no, hundreds of healers, mages and even god worshippers—have made that same promise. They all failed in the end. Every single one saying that I can’t be cured without killing me.

I don’t even know why I’m explaining this to someone like you. You’re just a butler. Leave me alone if you are only saying these things for some money." She spoke with a disappointed expression while turning around.

"I don’t want money in return," Leon said with a slight shrug. "Just a few favors. Say seven of them."

Kiren raised an eyebrow, clearly unimpressed. "If you can really heal me, come to the Vanguard mansion with the cure in hand. Only then will you earn any favors from me and me only, not my house."

"Seven favors remember that," Leon replied casually. "And I want to be able to ask for anything. No restrictions."

She gave a dismissive wave. "Whatever. Do what you want. I am going."

As she strode away again, Leon’s lips curled into a small smirk. ’Rees mentioned something about curing mana nerve damage once. I’m sure he’s got the solution I need.

She is a good investment... If I can cure her, she will definitely become the next successor of the vanguard family and I will gain some more favours.’ He thought with a smile.

---

Stepping back into the crowded training grounds, Leon scanned the area thoroughly. Dozens of soldiers and knights-in-training filled the circular yard, some sparring with wooden weapons, others polishing steel swords or resting.

But the problem was that there were many blonde female knights on the ground and all of them were beautiful.

"Okay... Let’s do this." Leon spoke as he cracked his fingers.

*Crack*

His gaze sharpened as he began methodically inspecting every blonde female in sight.

<Inspect>

[Name: Helen]

...

"No."

<Inspect>

[Name: Kelo]

...

"Nope."

<Inspect>

[Name: Amelia Ford]

...

"Bingo. Found you."

Leon’s attention immediately snapped to the girl standing near the edge of the field.

[Class: Charmer]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 700/700]

[MP: 350/350]

[Description: Amelia is a Charmer capable of manipulating men to follow her every command through the use of her special charm skill.

She currently has Jim Weaver under her control and leveraged this manipulation to become a knight feom the Weaver household.

Despite her low level, she can charm targets twenty levels above her own using a special Artifact.]

’Unbelievable. The second son’s charmed by a manipulative blonde bitch. The third son is a drunk and the fourth son has been getting poisoned for who knows how long. And this is supposed to be the kingdom’s one of the most important noble family that deals with all the information ? What a complete joke.

How are they so weak ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

He then walked forward, but before he could approach her directly, two guards stepped into his path.

"Where are you going, kid ?" they asked in perfect unison, their tone firm and alert.

"I need to speak to madam Amelia Ford. I carry an urgent message from Master Jim."

Before either could object, Amelia’s voice rang out clearly from behind. "Let him through. I want to see his face."

The guards obeyed instantly, stepping aside. Leon walked past them, his eyes narrowing as he observed their eyes glowing slightly pink at her command.

Leon ignored that for now and turned his attention to Amelia.

Instead of training like the others, she was lounging on a bench, staring into a small mirror while applying some glossy, jelly-like paste to her lips.

"So? What’s the message ?" she asked flatly, not even sparing him a glance.

"Master Jim has summoned you, ma’am. It’s urgent. Please come with me right now." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

That got her attention. She lowered her mirror and fixed him with a suspicious glare. "That’s not possible. Jim doesn’t summon me. I go to him. Who are you really ?"

"I’m the butler of the Weaver household, ma’am. I do not lie." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

She stood abruptly. "If this is a trick—and I know it is—you’ll regret it. Understand me, butler ?"

Leon immediately lowered his gaze, pretending to be feared by her. "I-I understand, ma’am."

"Good. Then let’s go." Amelia spoke as she immediately started walking towards the exit.

As they left the grounds, the guards returned to their training.

’So she is controlling these stupid fucks to do her bids.’ Leon thought as he looked at the guards.

Leon stayed close behind her, keeping his expression blank as they exited the training grounds and arrived at a place where there were no people.

---

They hadn’t walked far when Amelia suddenly stopped and turned around.

"Alright. Who really sent you ?" she asked again, her tone sharp.

"Master Jim—"

"Don’t insult my intelligence stupid fuck. I ordered him never to summon me. He obeys my every word.

So stop lying. Don’t want to tell me the truth ? That’s fine. I’ll make you talk." She placed her hands firmly on his shoulders, her voice growing sultry. "Now... look into my eyes and imagine us together on the bed."

Her irises pulsed with an eerie pink glow.

[Warning: You are under the skill ’Charm’.]

[Note: Effect negated — user feels no affection toward the caster.]

As soon as these notifications appeared in front of Leon, he laughed in his mind.

’Who could’ve thought that my MILF kink would save me fromthese bitches.’ Leon thought while keeping his expressions neutral.

"Picture me undressing you," she whispered. "Sliding over your chest, licking down to your waist..."

Leon blinked once, then calmly turned his head—and spat on her hand.

"Hwaaaak Thua."

She recoiled instantly. "Ew! What is wrong with you?! Why would you do that?!"

"Because your little spell doesn’t work on me, slut," Leon said coldly as he looked at Amelia.

Her eyes went wide with disbelief. "W-What...?"

"I know exactly what you are. And now, I’m going to expose you to everyone in the Weaver household. I wonder how long you’ll live once they realize what you’ve done." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he started walking towards the mansion.

Amelia’s voice cracked. "You think Jim is the only one I control? I have people behind me. Powerful people. If you expose me, you’ll be dead within the day."

Leon’s expression didn’t waver. "Great. You have people behind you, Shouldn’t you just bend down then ?"

"You fucking brat-"

Before she could respond, a purple blade touched her throat from behind.

"Master. Shall I kill her?" Fruela’s voice was quiet and deadly serious.

Leon smirked. ’Good thing Fruela was standing outside the dungeon and requested to come with me, when I brought Kai back.’

He stepped closer to Amelia. "Now, what were you saying again ?"

She trembled. "I-I was kidding. Y-You’re the most handsome man I’ve ever seen. Please, don’t kill me. I-I’ll sleep with you... I-I will sleep with both of you! Please, I-I know so many secrets! I’ll tell you everything!

Please don’t kill me... I beg you please."

Leon sighed loudly. "God, shut up. How can anyone talk so much, so fast ?"

"S-Sorry," she whimpered.

He looked around. No one was coming.

"Let’s start with something small. Tell Jim to go to Emilia’s room and fuck her."

Amelia’s mouth fell open. "Jamie’s wife ? You’re insane."

"Yes, I am."

"That’s impossible. If he touches another woman, the charm breaks immediately." Amelia explained.

"What ? How long have you had him charmed for ?" Leon asked.

"T-Two years."

Leon blinked again. "You’ve had him charmed for two years, and he hasn’t touched anyone else?"

"N-No."

’What kind of twisted bitch is she ?’ Leon thought, baffled. ’Oh well... Better for me.’

"Just get him to her room. I’ll handle the rest."

"W-Will you let me go after that?" she asked.

"No. One more task, then maybe. If I feel generous," Leon said with a dark smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189: The plan works
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weaver Household – Jim’s Room

Yaaawnnnnn...

Jim Weaver, a man in his early twenties with tousled black hair and a well-toned, muscular body, slowly pushed himself up from bed, rubbing the sleep from his eyes.

"Hnn... Did I stay up late again ?" he mumbled, stretching out his arms as he lazily stumbled toward the window.

He pulled aside the curtain and froze mid-stretch. His gaze locked onto a figure entering the mansion.

Amelia.

Dressed in her usual knight attire, her long blonde hair cascading over her shoulders, she glided inside like a vision from his dreams or that’s what she looked like to him.

"It’s her... It’s really her today... and she looks so damn perfect," Jim whispered with wonder in his voice. His eyes shimmered briefly with a bright pink glow—a subtle pulse of magical charm reaffirming its grip over his thoughts. "I should clean up. I can’t look like a mess in front of her."

He rushed toward the mirror and began fixing his hair with unusual focus.

---

Meanwhile – In the Kitchen

Adeline stood over the kitchen counter, her hands nervously gripping a tray with a steaming cup of tea.

"Good morning, Sir Jim. Here is your tea..." she whispered, rehearsing. "No, no... ’Sir Jim, your morning tea is here.’ Ugh, that sounds too stiff."

"I think the first one was more natural," came a calm voice behind her.

"Wha—?!" Adeline nearly dropped the tray as she spun around. "When did you—?!"

Leon stood there, hands tucked casually into his pockets, a faint smirk on his face.

"Walked in through the front... with my new friend," he said, gesturing over his shoulder.

Adeline’s eyes trailed behind him—landing on Amelia Ford standing stiffly in the hallway, her face unusually pale, eyes flickering with discomfort.

"You brought her here? What the hell did you do to her?" Adeline asked in disbelief.

"Nothing she didn’t try to do to me," Leon replied calmly. "Anyway, no need for you to serve Jim his tea this morning. Amelia will take your place."

"You’re making her do it ?" Adeline asked, incredulous.

Leon simply took the cup from her tray and spoke, "I’ll take Emilia her tea... personally."

Adeline exhaled in exasperation. "The servants will be up soon, Leon. Whatever you’re planning, make it quick. If either of us gets caught, we’re dead.

The head maid can’t be seen in the kitchen."

"Don’t worry." Leon spoke as he exited the kitchen and holded the cup of tea in front of Amelia.

"What ?" Amelia asked with a confused expression.

"You can’t go empty handed in Jim’s room... Go and serve him some tea while you order him to go to Emilia’s room and I won’t suggest you to stay in the room after he drinks the tea for long." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"O-Okay." Amelia spoke with a confused expression as she took the cup of tea and started walking towards the first floor.

"... And remember, if you tried to do something funny. She is always watching." Leon spoke with a smile as he pointed towards the ceiling.

Amelia looked up and noticed Fruela standing upside-down on the ceiling with her daggers in hand.

"I-I won’t do anything funny. I-I swear." Amelia spoke with a scared expression as she immediately started walking towards Jim’s room.

"Very good." Leon replied as he immediately turned around and entered inside the kitchen once again.

---

Hallway – Outside Jim’s Room

Amelia stood in front of Jim’s door, the cup of tea trembling slightly in her hands.

’Just get this over with... Just one more task and I’ll be free...’ she thought.

Before she could knock, the door swung open.

"Amelia!" Jim’s face lit up like a boy on his birthday. "God, I’ve missed you so much."

His tone was far too eager for someone who’d just woken up.

"Y-Yeah, me too..." Amelia replied awkwardly, forcing a smile.

"You okay? You look a bit... tense," Jim asked, stepping aside.

"Everything’s fine. I just... brought you some tea," she said, offering him the cup.

Jim gratefully accepted and brought it to his lips.

Sip... Sip...

"Mmm, this is really good. Did you make it just for me?"

"Yes," she lied with another forced smile.

He reached out to touch her cheek, his hand gently brushing her jawline. But just as his fingers grazed her skin, Amelia grabbed his wrist and pulled it down.

"No touching," she said sharply. Then her eyes began to glow, bright and pink, as her charm spell activated. "You will go to Emilia’s room... now. Immediately after you finish this tea."

Jim blinked, his expression going blank as the pink light shimmered in his gaze. "Yes."

He downed the rest of the tea in a single gulp, handed the cup back to her wordlessly, and turned around like a puppet pulled by strings.

Amelia watched him leave with a frown, her gut twisting.

’That should work. Now, please... please don’t make me regret this god.’

...

Meanwhile, Leon stood quietly outside Emilia’s chamber, holding a delicate porcelain cup filled with steaming tea.

Knock. Knock.

"Come in..." A soft, melodious voice responded from within.

Click.

Leon slowly pushed the door open—and paused.

There she was. Emilia Weaver, the ignored wife of the household, standing with her back to the door, her smell spreading inside the whole room.

She wore nothing but a single white towel, loosely wrapped around her luscious curves. Her long, violet hair cascaded over her shoulders, shimmering under the soft candle right. The towel clung precariously to her figure—stretched tight around her huge boobs, threatening to slip with even the slightest movement.

Her hips swayed as she reached for a brush, exposing the full, supple outline of her thighs and the tempting arch of her back.

Her skin glowed with a damp, arousing warmth, and a faint trail of steam still rose from her body— as she had just stepped out of the bath.

Leon’s gaze remained neutral, but he was turned on.

’...And this is the woman Jamie left behind to heal soldier at the borders? What a waste... soldiers die daily. I would’ve choose to fuck her.

What is wrong with men in this world ?’ he thought with a confused expression.

"Hm? You’re Justin’s new butler, right?" Emilia asked without turning, her voice as smooth as silk and laced with curiosity.

"Yes, Ma’am," Leon answered coolly, stepping forward and placing the tea gently on her dressing table.

Her reflection met his eyes in the mirror—glossy black irises, pink lips still glistening from the steam. The towel slid ever so slightly lower on her chest, revealing her deep cleavage.

"Why are you bringing me tea?" she asked, arching an eyebrow. "Where are the other servants ? Where’s the head maid?"

Leon kept his tone calm. "The other servants are still getting ready, Ma’am. And the head maid is... temporarily occupied. I offered to assist."

Her expression shifted as she leaned forward and picked up the cup, the towel tightening even more across her body. She inhaled the scent gently.

"This smells... different. Not my usual tea."

"It’s a special brew made from the Olfer’s Drought flower," Leon said smoothly, activating his skill the moment the lie left his lips.

<Buff>

"Olfer’s Drought? What kind of flower is that?" Emilia asked, frowning slightly, intrigued.

’I don’t know what the fuck kind of flower is that ? It’s just a made up name.’ Leon thought in his mind.

"A rare plant, Ma’am. It only grows deep within the heart of the Vinceral Forest," he replied without skipping a beat and since his skill was active, Emilia believed his words.

She brought the cup to her lips, her fingers brushing against the rim with elegance. The soft pink of her lips parted slightly, and her tongue flicked against the edge before she took a slow, deliberate sip.

*Sip*

"Mmm... It’s strong, I will be needing some of these flowers in my garden." she said softly, eyes closing momentarily to savor the flavor.

’That sip should be more than enough to turn her into a sex crazed bitch.’ Leon thought with a smirk.

"I can bring you some, if you’d like," he said.

She tilted her head, the corners of her mouth curving upward in amusement. "That would be lovely."

Then she turned back to her mirror.

"You can go now. I need to get dressed," she added, her voice casually dismissive.

"As you wish, Ma’am," Leon replied with a small bow, his expression calm, but his mind already working two steps ahead.

He stepped out into the hallway, closing the door behind him—just in time to see Jim rounding the corner.

’Perfect timing. Now all I need to do is wait a bit and they will be fucking like stupid monkeys.

Once they do... The next part of my plan will be executed. Now, I should go and teach Justin some basic magic spells. Hah... This plan turned out to be perfect.’ He thought with an evil smile as he immediately started walking towards Justin’s room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190: The secret’s out.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seven maids stood outside Emilia’s room, their faces flushed with embarrassment as lewd, unabashed moans echoed from within—so loud they seemed to permeate every corner of the house.

"Anhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhhh~"

"Annhhh~ Yes... more, just like that..."

"Anhhh~ Sister-in-law... you’re so beautiful..."

"Anhhh~ Yes, more, please... give it to me..."

Across the hall, Leon sipped his tea, a wide, entertained smile curving his lips. Beside him stood Justin, his expression unreadable.

"So... what happens now?" Justin asked, turning slightly toward Leon.

"You are probably going to become an uncle if that guy continued to fuck her like that." Leon spoke with a smile as he took a sip from the cup.

"Not that... I mean how will you prove that they were doing it to my brother ?" Justin asked.

"The servants have heard them both. That’s enough for them to serve as witnesses. Just a little longer and I’ll send in Jim’s secret girlfriend and she will do her part.

Once all of this is over... Your brother won’t need anymore proofs." Leon’s voice carried a gleeful malice as his smile darkened.

Justin frowned. "What do you mean by Jim’s Girlfriend ? You told her about your plans ?"

"No, She is too dumb to understand this. I am only using her." Leon replied.

"So... You are making Amelia Ford a witness to all this ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah, that reminds me..." Leon took another sip, then glanced sideways. "How exactly is your house considered five-star ? Jim’s girlfriend is a third-rate charmer who’s been manipulating him for two years, and no one seems to know a thing.

Are you guys really nobles or what ?"

"No way... That’s true ?" Justin’s voice was laced with surprise, but the flicker in his eyes betrayed something else.

Leon caught it immediately.

"Wait... you knew. That tone—sarcastic and a bit too calm—you knew all along about that bitch."

"Yes," Justin admitted with a small smile. "For the past one year."

Leon narrowed his eyes. "Let me guess. You let it continue because you wanted one brother out of the way. Hmm...?"

Justin sighed, then nodded. "It was pathetic to see him fall for her tricks. She tried the same on me, but I wasn’t tempted by her charm.

When I realized he was no longer focused on the successor’s position... I simply stayed quiet. Less competition will help me, after all."

Leon’s expression shifted to one of amused approval. "Smart. Grow a pair of balls and you’ll elevate this house to seven-star status.

Seeing how smart you are, you should’ve already done all this by now."

"That’s the thing with me Mr. Leon. I don’t have the courage to do things like this and you are so calm.

What is your secret ?" Justin asked with a smile.

’I have already died... Why would I fear family drama ?’ Leon thought in his mind for a second then sipped some tea.

Just then, the creaking of a door drew both of their attention. The fourth room had opened.

"Ah, shit... Mother is awake. The moaning must’ve woken her up," Justin muttered grimly.

"Don’t be scared... You haven’t done anything and stay confident." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes... I am confident."

Without another word, Leon handed Justin his teacup and stepped behind him, his face now wearing a mask of duty.

"What is going on here?" a sharp voice demanded. A woman in her sixties emerged, furious. Althea Weaver—matriarch of the household, mother to Justin, Jamie and Jim, and Emilia’s mother-in-law.

’Another witness, this is getting better.’ Leon mused, his smile subtle.

"Good morning, Mother," Justin greeted smoothly as he slowly bowed in front of her.

"It’s certainly not a good morning for me. What is that awful sound coming from your room? Is there a girl in there ?" Althea snapped with an Irritated expression.

"No, Mother. The noise is coming from Emilia’s room." Justin replied immediately as he pointed towards the room.

"Emilia’s?" Althea’s brows furrowed. "Is Jamie back ? He didn’t tell me before-"

"No, Mother. That’s Jim... in there with Emilia." Justine spoke cutting her off in the middle of her sentence.

A gasp escaped Althea’s lips as she clutched her mouth in horror. "W-What? That can’t be—"

Before she could finish, a woman stormed up the hallway, her eyes holding an angry fire. She was none other than Amelia herself.

Click.

The door flung open.

"You bastard!" Amelia screamed. "You said you loved me! How could you cheat on me with your own brother’s wife ?!

Our relationship is over."

Neither Jim nor Emilia so much as flinched. The aphrodisiac coursing through their veins drowned out everything but their own lust.

They countinued to fuck like monkeys in heat.

’Alright, that’s my part, now I should get out of here as soon as possible. I should just leave this kingdom... or that butler will keep coming after me.’ Amelia thought bitterly, storming out of the room with practiced rage on her face.

"W-Who was that ?" Althea demanded, her eyes wide with disbelief.

"I believe... that was Jim’s secret girlfriend, who is not so secret anymore." Justin replied, feigning innocence.

"Close that damned door! And no servant is to go near that part of the house!" Althea roared. The maids fled, slamming the door behind them.

’Her voice really makes the servants scared huh,’ Leon noted blandly.

"Justin," Althea ordered sharply, "Catch that girl. This matter must not leave the household. I’ll deal with the servants.

Write a letter and tell your father about this." She turned on her shoe. "ADELINE! Come here, now!"

Leon gave a dry chuckle. "Looks like your mother is flabbergasted by the view of your brother humping Emilia."

"She’s trying to contain the damage, protect the family’s reputation. I should send orders to the guards to find Amelia and catch her immediately or mother will kill me," Justin muttered as he turned away.

"No need. She’s already captured. Look inside your room," Leon said with a calm smile.

Justin paused, confused, and pushed open his door. Inside, Amelia sat tied to his bed, mouth gagged. Beside her sat Fruela holding her daggers in her hand.

"...Umm. There is a dark elf in my room Mr. Leon—"

"She’s with me," Leon interrupted, stepping in and shutting the door.

"Your father must be a heavy sleeper if that didn’t wake him." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"He’s not here. He left for the Royal Castle two days ago. Prince Charles came looking for him he was really worried, and they’ve been staying there since. He only sends messages now."

"What happened?" Leon asked with a confused and curious expression.

"No idea. They were in the main library talking about the matter— and since it’s soundproofed completely with spells. Not a whisper escapes from inside." Justin explained.

"I see."

"So that’s it for now ?"

Leon nodded, satisfied. "Yes, everything is set. Now we wait for your brother to return and see the chaos. He’ll lose it. If anything unexpected happens before then, contact me immediately. Keep her here until that moment," he added, gesturing to Amelia.

"Why in my room? Can’t we keep her in the storeroom ?" Justin asked, raising a brow.

"Because, aside from me, you’re the only one she can’t manipulate. Though... I wonder why ?

Because I have intrest in mature woman... but what about you ?" Leon asked with a suspicious expression.

"...What?"

"Justin, are you sure you’re a man?" Leon asked raising his brows.

"I-I am! I can prove it if—"

"That won’t be necessary. Just fucking with you. I’ll be going now." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he turned to leave, but Justin called after him.

"Mr. Leon..."

Leon paused, glancing back with a confused expression.

"Thank you for all this. I wouldn’t have achieved all this without you." Justin said quietly, bowing slightly.

Leon merely smirked and descended the stairs.

The moment he reached the ground floor, Adeline yanked him into an empty room.

"Hello, darling. Dragging men into empty rooms now? Desperate, aren’t we?" Leon teased with a grin.

But Adeline’s expression was tense.

"Leon, this isn’t the time for jokes. Madam Althea has gone completely mad. No servants are allowed to leave the mansion. If she finds out about us—"

"Did you switch the cups ?" Leon asked, serious now.

"Y-Yes," she nodded quickly. "I hid them in the storage room downstairs."

"Good. As long as they don’t suspect the tea, we’re fine. I have somewhere to be. Keep me updated on what’s happening here." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Wait! How are you getting out? Madam Althea said—"

"Don’t worry," Leon smiled. "I have my ways."

As he walked away, his mind buzzed with satisfaction.

’Althea’s losing her grip. She’ll do anything to contain this scandal. In time, this will be a perfect piece of blackmail. But for now... I’ll head to the dungeon, gather beads, and level up a little.’

A faint smirk danced on Leon’s lips as he entered inside the kitchen and saw Rees standing there.

"Shall we go back ?" Rees asked.

"Yes." Leon replied and immediately both of them vanished into thin air.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191: The hunt begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dungeon, Sixth Floor...

Swish.

With a shimmer of distorted air, Leon and Rees reappeared on the cold, stone floor of the dungeon’s sixth level.

"Phew..." Rees stretched his arms and rolled his shoulders. "It feels good to use magic again."

"You are dead and you still stretch your body like you are alive. That’s kind of odd." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Rees.

"It’s just my mind... It wants to feel alive." Rees replied.

Leon glanced at him, one brow raised. "What kind of teleportation spell was that you just used ?"

"The Fraulent Jump," Rees said, straightening his robe. "It’s a spatial manipulation spell exclusive to magis.

Though even among magis, very few can master it. It’s ancient—requires a five-minute-long enchantment chant, and if you mispronounce even a single word, it fails.

But, once you master it... you can leap between places you have gone to before." He explained.

Leon blinked. "You could’ve just said ’a teleportation spell only magis can use. That can get you from a place to the place that you have gone before.’

Why are you explaining all that to me ? It’s not like I can learn it."

Rees chuckled. "Old habits. Back in the Elf Kingdom, I had an assistant, Jerry. I used to lecture him on magic the same way.

You just reminded of him Mr. Leon."

Leon rolled his eyes and turned. "Anyway, I’m heading to the forest to level up. You coming with me or staying here ?"

"Level up ?" Rees tilted his skull, puzzled.

"Ah... What I meant was... I am going to the forest in order to kill monsters." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he corrected himself.

"But you said Level up... What does that mean ?" Rees asked.

"It means killing monsters and increasing your level of fighting." Leon replied immediately.

"Ah... I understand it now. So we are going to slay monsters so you can train, right ?" Rees asked.

Leon nodded, deadpan. He then started walking towards Rees. "Exactly that. So you coming or not ?"

"Oh! Yes, yes—I’ll come along. Who knows, maybe I’ll get lucky and find a Frembian Turtle in the forest." Rees spoke.

Leon stopped. "A Frembian Turtle ? Why ?"

"I need its shell. In order to craft an indestructible magical coat." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

Leon gave him a long look. "You spend all your time down here. What’s the point of armor ?"

"It’s not for me, Mr. Leon." Rees said casually. "It’s for you."

Leon narrowed his eyes. "Me?"

"You’re the Dungeon Master, Mr. Leon. I can’t very well live free in your dungeon forever. Consider it a gift from my side." Rees explained as he looked at Leon.

’Well... Why would I say no to an indestructible magical coat ?’

Leon shook his head with a faint smirk. "Fine. Let’s go."

He stepped forward, touched Rees’s shoulder, and both of them vanished immediately.

---

Dungeon, First Floor...

*Swish,

The pair materialized directly behind Kai, who was hunched over a half-assembled wooden bed.

He was craving designs on the upper side of the bed very carefully.

"Rees," Leon called from behind in a low voice.

"Fucking hell—!" Kai nearly leapt into the air, clutching his chest.

"Obviously. It’s you again. Why are you doing that to me again and again ? You can shout from behind that ’you are here’ and then walk up close to me." Kai spoke with a serious expression.

"Did you make the beads, I told you to ?" Leon asked, his voice calm.

Kai exhaled and reached into his pocket.

"Yeah. They’re ready. Here." he spoke tossing a pouch towards Leon.

Catch.

Leon snatched the small pouch out of the air and opened it. Two polished wooden beads rolled into his palm with a soft sound,

*Tick-Tick*

Rees peered over with a confused expression, "Beads? What are we going to do with those, Mr. Leon?"

Leon’s lips curled faintly. "Kill monsters." He spoke then turned back to Kai.

"Good work, Kai. You can get back to your bed but I will be needing more of these soon."

"I will-"

Before Kai could reply, Leon touched Rees again, and they vanished.

---

Dungeon – Outer Edge...

Swish.

Leon and Rees re-appeared outside the dungeon.

Strong winds howled across the trees. The sky was darkening fast.

*SWISHHHHHHHH*

"A storm’s coming," Rees observed, turning his bony skull toward the sky. "You sure you want to head into the forest in this weather, Mr. Leon ?"

"I don’t feel cold that much, let’s go." Leon said with a grin, pulling his cloak tighter and striding forward.

Rees fumbled in his robes. "Wait Mr. Leon—let me get my weapon out. Just in case."

Leon paused, glancing back. "Weapon? You have a weapon? I thought you only used magic as your weapon."

"I do. But before I became a Lich, my mother taught me how to wield this one. After my transformation, I made a visit to the Dwarf Kingdom and traded some rare demon alcohol to a blacksmith.

He got so happy that he made me this beautiful weapon. Ah here it is." Rees spoke as he finally pulled out what looked like a black toothpick.

Leon blinked with a confused expression on his face, "That’s your weapon ?"

"Hold on..." Rees brought the stick to his mouth and whispered something in an ancient language.

Swish.

In an instant, the miniature stick expanded into a full-sized black scythe, a sharp blade gleaming at one end.

"A scythe ?" Leon muttered, his eyes widening in surprise.

"She’s called Rias," Rees said, tracing the blade lovingly with a bony fingers. "My partner for a long time."

"Have you used spatial magic on her in order to to shrink it like that ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at the scythe.

"No. Runes. A friend engraved them into the handle. They shrink the weapon and until I speak a specific phrase, she can’t come back to her original form." Rees explained.

"I see..." Leon turned back toward the forest. "Let’s move then."

"Ah yes."

Both of them began to tread through snow-dusted underbrush, wind rustling overhead.

"So... any target in mind? Like a specific monster you want to kill first." Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"Whatever crosses my path, I will try to kill it." Leon replied with a plain face.

He then reached into his pouch and withdrew one of the wooden beads.

"Seal." Leon spoke as he activated the skill.

<Blast Seal>

[-20 MP]

A black circle materialized over the bead. Leon ran his thumb along its surface and suddenly, a series of notifications started popping in front of his face.

[-20 MP]

[-20 MP]

[-20 MP]

...

Layers of seals stacked one upon the other with incredible speed. After a few seconds another notification popped up in front of him:

[Maximum Seals have been applied.]

He pocketed the bead, pulled out the second one, and began repeating the process.

Rees watched silently. He had learned not to interrupt Leon when he was preparing something... because if he asked question right now, Leon’s answer will only make more questions in his mind.

They continued walking until a low, guttural growl broke through the howling wind.

Grrrrr...

"Hm?" Leon stopped. "Did you hear that?"

"I did." Rees pointed to a thick patch of bushes. "It’s coming from there."

"Glitch Point."

Three red dots appeared over the bushes—clustered together.

’The dots are awfully close that means it’s a single target with three weak spots.’ Leon thought in his mind.

Rees pulled his scythe from his back and began casting buffs. Green runes glowed softly along the blade.

<Inspect>

[Name: —]

[Race: Wild Agile Boar]

[Level: 9]

[HP: 900/900]

[MP: 600/600]

[Description: Wild Agile Boars are known for their strength and relentless speed. They prey on human children and weaker flesh, preferring easy kills.]

’It’s hesitating,’ Leon thought. ’Maybe because of Rees’s aura.’

He turned. "Rees, step back."

"What?! Are you sure? We don’t even know what we’re deal—"

"I know." Leon’s tone left no room for argument.

"...Yes." Rees stepped back but kept casting buffs.

Leon crouched, holding three exploding beads in one hand, his thumb ready over one.

"Come on... come out."

Suddenly, the bushes rustled.

Oink-oink-oink!

The boar lunged forward with shocking speed, tusks aimed for Leon’s legs.

"Mr. Leon, it’s a Wild Agile Boa—"

Leon flicked the bead toward it and whispered, "Kaboom."

BOOOOOOOOM.

A deafening explosion shook the earth. Snow scattered. Blood painted the white ground crimson.

Leon looked down.

At his feet, the massive boar lay still—half its head obliterated, the rest twitching in its death throes.

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

Rees approached, stunned. "W-What was that?!"

Leon smiled, brushing soot from his coat. "You’re not the only one with hidden magic weapons, Rees."

He turned, walking deeper into the forest.

"Let’s keep going."

"W-What kind of magic is this guy even using ? Even I haven’t seen such a spell that can be activated this fast and without any chants as well." Rees murmured in a low voice as he started following Leon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192: Being Slick huh?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Vinceral Forest, Midnight

The forest was deathly still, cloaked in a heavy darkness that swallowed all light.

Snow blanketed the ground in a cold hush and it is falling down from the sky non-stop. Nothing was visible—but Leon walked forward without hesitation as his skill was activated.

<Adaptive Body>

His breath didn’t fog in the freezing air. His body, unnaturally warm. His vision, sharper than any other humans should be. He was studying his status screen as he walked forward:

---

[Name: Leon Luster]

[Class: Alchemist]

[Race: Human]

[Level: 11]

[Mana: 2300/2300 (+100)]

[HP: 1100/1100]

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (F)], [Inspect (C)], [Adaptive Body (S)], [Minor Healing (F2)], [Trap (F)], [Inventory (F3)], [Blind Spot (F)],

[Touch of Lust (F4)], [Loose Grip (F)], [Adrenaline Rush (F)], [Lustful Thoughts (F)], [Potion Crafter (F {S-Cap})], [Alchemy (F)]

[Glitch Point (F)], [Instant Craft (F1)], [Reverberate (F1)], [Mana Thread (F)], [Life Steal (F)], [Leeching Aura (F)], [Mana Return (F)]

[Efficient Breathing (F)], [Core Bonding (F)], [Dungeon Master (F)], [Silent Steps (F)], [Blast Seal (F)], [Focused Reading (F)], [Data Manager (F)], [Mimic (F)], [Bluff (F)], [Lust Bite (F)], [Pain’s Recovery (F)]

Title: Dungeon Master

____________

’Wow... I made so many skills? And why is my mana double my HP? Wasn’t it the other way around before?’ Leon thought for a moment, then dismissed the screen with a sigh.

’System really works in a mysterious way. Oh well... I just remembered a new skill and I should make it before I forget it again.’ He thought with a smile as he activated the skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Sixth Sense."

[Skill ’Sixth Sense’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A passive skill that remains active all the time and whenever there is danger around the user, this skill will let the user’s mind know where the danger is coming from. Other than that... this skill is completely useless, deals no damage, and doesn’t give any battle advantage to the user," Leon said in a low voice.

"Did you say something, Mr. Leon?" Rees asked with a confused tone as he looked at Leon.

"Huh...? Oh, nothing. I was just talking to myself, I do that sometimes... You don’t have to pay attention to it." Leon replied calmly as he looked at Rees.

"Ah, okay. As you say Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

[Processing...]

’I don’t know about this skill. It’s like I’m shooting arrows in the dark.

From one angle... it’s useless, but in reality, it’s really useful. If I can know where the attack is going to come from, I’ll have an easy time dodging. I should also make an auto-dodge skill and a skill that can keep me alive while I sleep and—’

Before he could finish the thought, another screen popped up in front of his face.

[Description has been accepted.]

[Estimated mana cost: 400]

[Cooldown: 60 minutes after the user intentionally shuts down the skill.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

’Oh... the system got really specific with the notifications, huh?’ Leon thought for a second before whispering the word.

"Learn it."

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Sixth Sense} successfully!]

<Sixth Sense>

As soon as the skill was learned, it activated automatically and a very sharp pain struck Leon’s head.

"Fucking hell..."

*Thud*

Leon dropped to one knee and closed his eyes, grabbing his head with one hand... He placed his other hand on a nearby tree.

"What happened, Mr. Leon? Do you feel cold or tired? Should I take us back to the dungeon?" Rees asked, placing his skeletal hand on Leon’s shoulder.

Suddenly, black-and-white images began flashing through Leon’s mind.

His surroundings became visible, not through sight, but through perception. Everything felt alive. Every fluttering insect, each snowflake brushing his cloak and even the breeze of air—he could feel it all.

"Mr. Leon... can you tell me what happened ? So that I can help you ? Please you are scaring me... If something happened to you, Fruela and Dusk will litreally kill me. Please tell me." Rees asked again in a worried tone.

Leon slowly opened his eyes. The world looked normal again.

"I am alright." Leon replied with a flat expression.

’Was that because of the skill? For that one moment, it felt like I was a part of the forest itself.’ He thought standing up once again.

"S-Should we move forward or go back? I think going back would be a better option since you are-" Before Rees could’ve completed his sentence Leon interrupted him.

"We go forward and don’t worry about me." He said without hesitation.

"Y-Yes."

After walking for about ten minutes, Leon suddenly stopped.

"What is it, Mr. Leon? Do you feel sick again ? Should I-"

"Something’s here..." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he felt it in his brain.

It was as if an alarm went off in his brain... Telling him that something is wrong.

"I see."

Rees pulled out his scythe and began chanting immediately.

"Kekeke..."

A familiar laugh slithered through the darkness and Leon grinned as soon as he recognised the language.

"Goblins..."

He drew Nyxter from his inventory and bound five invisible mana threads to each blade in that very moment.

"Mr. Leon... look, over there on the tree, there is something standing there." Rees said, pointing with his scythe.

Leon looked up and saw a taller, more muscular figure.

<Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Class: HobGoblin]

[Race: Monster]

[Level: 13]

[HP: 5000/5000]

[MP: 300/300]

[Description: A HobGoblin is an evolved form of a normal Goblin. They are taller, stronger, and more intelligent. HobGoblins don’t like to stay in groups; they prefer to rule inferior goblins.

But if found in groups, they are likely working under a superior monster. Who is commanding them to do his bids.]

"A HobGoblin ?" Leon asked with a little bit confused expression.

"Kekekeke.... Kekekeke... Kekekekekekeke..."

"Keekekekek..."

"Keke kekek kekekeke.."

More HobGoblins stepped out of the bushes, wearing leather armor and wielding swords and shields.

"We’re surrounded, Mr. Leon," Rees stated as he stepped back towards Leon and watched the HobGoblins coming towards them slowly.

"I know." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he counted the number of HobGoblins around him.

’1...2...7, 8 and 9. Total nine of them.’ he thought in his mind.

"I haven’t seen this many HobGoblins together unless they’re working under—"

"A superior monster?" Leon finished.

"Yes. Should I use a light spell to distract them so we can run away?" Rees asked as he was ready with the chant.

"Why would we run away ? So much experience points just walked upto me and we should just run away ?" Leon asked, smiling as he grabbed two blades from Nyxter and let three hover around him.

"W-Wait... you don’t mean to fight them, do you ?" Rees asked in a worried voice as he couldn’t understand why Leon wanted to fight them.

"You’re holding a fucking scythe and you know dozens of spells. Can’t you fight off some HobGoblins ?" Leon asked with a smile as he slowly tightened the grip on his blades and selected the target HobGoblin that was walking right in front of him.

"I-I haven’t really fought anyone before. Neither monster nor human. I’m a scholar, Mr. Leon, not a fighter. But I can cast buff spells if that helps or Teleportation spells too." Rees spoke in a worried tone.

"Then get to casting the buff spells and keep the teleportation spells ready as well." Leon ordered.

Rees began chanting immediately.

"Al frendlle... Shlic Grutosrus." As soon as he stopped the chants messages started popping in front of Leon’s face.

[Undead’s Buff has been activated.]

[HP increased by 5000 (Temporary)]

[Defense increased by 30% (Temporary)]

[Speed increased by 50% (Temporary)]

[Stealth increased by 60%(Temporary)]

"Hehehe... this is going to be even more fun now," Leon grinned as a black fog swirled around him.

"You’re dead, motherfucker. Loose Grip..."

<Loose Grip>

The HobGoblin that was walking in front of Leon suddenly felt his sword and shield slip from his grip.

"Kekekeke...?"

*Thud-Thud*

They hit the ground and the HobGoblin’s eyes widened immediately but Instead of retrieving them, it leapt backward.

The HobGoblin understood that if he bent down, Leon will kill him immediately and that’s why he jumped two steps back.

*Jump-Jump*

"Kek—"

*Stab*

But in the middle of the second jump, a dark blade pierced out from it’s chest. As it looked back in horror, the HobGoblin saw Leon’s smiling face.

"Trying to be slick, huh, motherfucker ?" Leon asked with a smile as he slowly twisted the blade.

*Chck*

"Keke-" Before the Goblin could’ve done anything, Leon brought another blade down, decapitating the HobGoblin in one blow.

*Thud*

Its head hit the snow. The others stepped back, visibly shocked from what happened to their partner.

"What happened? Why are you stepping back? Don’t tell me you’re scared already, if you don’t kill me... What are you going to eat tonight.

I am really tasty you know." Leon said, yanking his blade free. The HobGoblin’s body crumpling at his feet.

*Thud*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193: Brothers Kill
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon killed the first HobGoblin, he turned sharply to the left, his eyes locking onto another target stalking the treeline.

"Well... here goes nothing," he muttered with a smirk, confidence radiating from every inch of his posture. He stepped forward with calm precision, the snow crunching beneath his feet.

The HobGoblin ahead twitched nervously, it’s eyes wide. It planted its feet and raised its weapon, preparing to lunge the moment Leon came within reach.

As Leon walked forward... He noticed that the Hobgoblin’s sword was twitching in his hand.

’Ah... He is about to use his sword as soon as I get in his attacking range. Well... This should be fun.’ Leon thought with a smile as he activated his skill.

"Blind Spot,"

In the blink of an eye, his form disappeared from the HobGoblin’s vision.

"Kekek...?!" The creature spun on its heels, swinging its shield in a wide arc, expecting an ambush from behind as he has seen with his friend.

But it was already too late,

*Stab*

Nyxter’s blade erupted cleanly through its chest and as soon as he felt his heart getting punctured by it... His eyes widened in fear.

*Chop*

Before he could’ve turned back... Another dagger decapitated him clean in one blow.

*Thud*

Leon stood behind him, calm and composed, tightening his grip on the Nyxter’s handle. With a single, efficient motion, he twisted the blade and yanked it free from it’s body.

Blood sprayed into the cold night air as the HobGoblin’s lifeless body collapsed to the snow.

Leon shook both blades, flicking crimson droplets to the ground. "You know what...? I should try something else," he said casually.

He released the two blades that he was holding in his hands and all five blades floated above him, spinning silently in formation.

The remaining HobGoblins exchanged hesitant glances. Their discipline cracked as fear slithered into their ranks. Seven of them remained, but none dared stepped forward.

As they were being confused wether to fight or run, one of them roared loudly using his skill.

[Rage Buff]

[All Ally attack damage has been increased by 30%.]

"Keeeekekekekek...!"

It charged forward, his shield raised high in order to protect from any straight forward attacks.

"Now you’re charging head-on ? Bold move, but you see... Even after being so intelligent, you still have the mind of a goblin when in fear.

You think your partners will charge alongside with you but they aren’t." Leon said with a chuckle as he raised his hand, palm open.

Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish!

The blades shot forward with incredible speed. One skewered the HobGoblin’s foot, pinning it to the forest ground. Another struck its shoulder. Two more pierced its chest and skull. The final one shattered its kneecap.

"Kekeke.!!!! Kekekekekekeke !!!!! Ke-" He shouted in pain and misery as if calling his partners to help but none of them dared to step forward.

Stab-Stab-Stab-Stab-Stab!

Thud.

[Congratulations! You have leveled up!]

The monster died before it could even complete his last scream. Its blood steamed in the snow.

Leon tilted his head, inspecting the result with analytical calm. "Still imprecise... I wanted only the foot pinned, rest of the blades were aimed to strike at the chest. They’re responsive, but I need better control.

I am just relieved that all of them hitted the same target."

Rees’s hollow voice cut in. "Mr. Leon... I believe they’re retreating."

Leon looked up. The HobGoblins were inching back into the shadows.

’Knowledge is really a curse huh ? When they were goblins, I am pretty sure they would’ve charged at me at the same time because they were dumb.

But after becoming intelligent... All they have learned is how to save themselves first. Some creatures are better left dumb. But that’s just to my advantage.’ Leon thought for a second as he looked at the HobGoblins.

"They are not retreating Rees... They are running. I wanted to kill all of them but looks like I can only kill one more." he said, disappointed.

With a snap of his fingers, the floating blades converged toward another target.

*Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish!*

The running HobGoblin lifted its shield—but it couldn’t block everything. Leon struck from every open angle and the HobGoblin’s shield couldn’t block them all.

*Stab-Stab-Stab-Stab-Stab!*

Another one dropped down, it’s blood spilling over the ground.

*Thud

Seeing another comrade butchered with surgical ease, the remaining Hobgoblins finally panicked and fled into the dense forest.

Leon recalled the blades, spun them once midair to shake off the blood, then reassembled them into Nyxter and slid the weapon back into its sheath.

"Let’s go forward," he said flatly.

Rees hesitated. "Mr. Leon... the superior monster leading these HobGoblins will be deeper inside. If we keep up with this path, a confrontation is very likely to happen."

Leon paused. ’Those HobGoblins were too easy... but what if the next enemy isn’t?’ he thought with a serious expression.

Rees pointed off-trail. "If we head this way, we can circle the forest’s perimeter. We’ll avoid the deeper zones—for now. What do you say ?"

Leon considered it.. ’He’s right. I shouldn’t underestimate whatever’s ahead. Even dusk says that the deeper zones of this forest aren’t very safe and I won’t let my arrogance fuck me up... let’s just stay out for now.’

"Fine," he said, turning to the right.

"A truly wise decision, Mr. Leon." Rees replied in a happy tone.

As he walked, he glanced down at his bloodstained hand. The sticky crimson blood reminded him of how difficult every battle truly was when he fought the hoblins. He wiped it off on a leaf and moved forward.

...

Meanwhile, in the Weaver mansion’s grand library, tension strangled the air. Justin and Althea sat in heavy silence across the table.

"This... this isn’t good," Althea muttered as she stood up and started walking around the room.

"What happened today will destroy our reputation. Your father entrusted this house to me while he’s gone—and this... this disgrace. He’ll never forgive me." she spoke with a worried expression as she sat down on the couch.

’Hmm... She is right. The reputation of the house will certainly go down if this news made it out.’ Justin thought but didn’t give it much time.

She stood up, pacing once again. "Should I kill all the servants? Silence them? Or... do I kill that shameless whore Emilia instead? What do I do, Justin? Help me you are the smartest kid I have."

Justin’s expression remained unreadable. ’You’re asking me for a solution? You, who ignored me all my life ? What a fucking joke.’

But outwardly, he simply nodded. ’I should say what Mr. Leon told me to say.’

"Mother, I’ve already sent word to Brother Jamie. He’s returning home." Justin spoke without any hesitation as he looked at Althea.

"You WHAT?!" Althea spun toward him, stunned.

"I said—"

*SLAP!*

Justin’s head jerked to the side as Althea slapped him really hard.

"Ouch... Fuck," he cursed, straightening up and looking at Althea with a confused expression.

"You fool! You think he’ll listen to any of us ? Don’t you remember what he did when you stole his toy as a child?!" Althea asked with an angry expression.

Justin’s eyes narrowed. Cold fury boiled to the surface immediately.

"I remember what he did... As clear as day. He stabbed me—with a fucking dagger. Through my fucking hand, Mother." He spoke with a serious expression.

Althea’s face froze.

"And you?" Justin said, his voice low. "You did nothing. You never even checked on me. Just kept pampering him and saving him from father.

Isn’t that what you did, Mother ?"

Althea tried to pull away, but Justin caught her wrist in a vice-like grip.

"Let go! You’re hurting me! Justin I said let go... I am your my mother." Althea shouted as she looked at him.

"I also remember when he killed a maid ten years ago. You helped him cover it up. Burned her body, slaughtered her family. I wonder who gave that order, Mother ?

I hope father forgave you for that incident." Justin spoke with a serious expression.

Althea’s face turned pale.

"You... How do you—?"

"I saw her burn. She was the only one who treated me like a son. Her ashes are still in my room, Mother."

Justin’s tone dropped, deadly calm. "They stay there until I take this house from father. And now... I have the perfect opportunity to become the successor since my dear brother is coming home."

"You... you did this on purpose?" Althea asked, horrified.

"What?" Justin tilted his head.

"Emilia and Jim. You planned it—to make your brothers kill each other! Didn’t you ?" She asked.

Justin smirked. "I didn’t plan it. But I’ll use it the opportunity to it’s fullest."

"You sick bastard. I’ll see to it you never become head of this house!"

Althea stormed out, her footsteps echoing in the marble hall.

Justin sank onto the couch, breathing hard. "Fuck... that took everything out of me. Why the hell did Mr. Leon want me to say all that? What’s his plan?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194: Goblin Champion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Vinceral Forest, northern outer edge.

Leon and Rees pressed forward in the snow-laced gloom, their boots crunching over frozen underbrush. Despite their alerted senses, the forest lay still—too still.

No monsters were in sight. Only the occasional sigh of wind whispered through the trees.

*Swish-Swish*

"Where did all the monsters go? It’s dead here." Leon muttered, his tone edged with confusion.

"The cold is forcing them into hiding, Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Only a few monsters can deal with such a cold weather and even they only come out in the day.

We should return, Mr. Leon it’s worthless to waste anymore time in this place. It’s nearly midnight. I doubt we’ll find anything still roaming." Rees explained as he halted and looked at Leon.

Leon nodded slightly, his gaze scanning the treeline. "Alright... but we’ll walk back to the dungeon."

Rees tilted his skull slightly. "Why walk, when I can—"

"I feel like walking," Leon cut in with a faint smile. "Maybe we’ll find some of those HobGoblins on the way back. I just want to kill one more and then we will return tomorrow morning."

’If I killed one more HobGoblin... I will reach level thirteen and that would be really good.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"As you wish," Rees said, and together they turned back, retracing their path through the frozen woods.

After a moment of silence, Rees spoke again. "Umm... Mr. Leon, may I ask you a question ?"

Leon glanced over with a confused expression, "What kind of question ?"

"Well... when I get bored, I tend to tell riddles. Would you mind if I gave you one? You don’t have to answer if—"

"Go on, ask it... I am also getting bored." Leon said with an amused smirk, cutting him off mid-sentence.

"Ah, very well... I was expecting a negative response, since most of the humans don’t really like riddles-"

"Just ask, Rees." Leon spoke cutting him off once again.

"Yes, The more you take, the more I grow. Invisible trails that always show. I mark your path, but never stay—What am I, that walks away?" Rees asked in a rhyming tone.

"Footsteps, the more I take the more they grow, invisible trails because they are my trails.... They mark my path but disappear after sometime." Leon replied almost immediately as a smile appeared over his face.

"Y-You got that way too fast... Even I couldn’t crack it that fast or—" Rees started speaking but he was interrupted in the middle of his sentence.

"I’m good with riddles, Rees. You choose wrong opponent to pass time with. If you want amusement from me... You will have to take another topic and you were looking at my footsteps when you asked the question." Leon said, smirking.

"I see, Then let’s see how you handle this Mr. Leon.

Born of silence, yet I break it. Seen by none, yet all have met it. I flee the light, embrace the deep, and cradle those who fall asleep. What am I ?"

Leon’s expression darkened. "Danger."

"Incorrect," Rees said. "The correct answer will be—"

But Leon held up a hand. "Something’s coming, Rees. And it’s not just any monster. Get ready."

"Wha-!?"

Suddenly, the forest shook with a deafening roar.

"GRAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!"

Rees’s tone sharpened. "Mr. Leon—above you!"

Leon’s gaze snapped skyward immediately. A massive shadow hurtled toward them, descending down with terrifying speed.

Without wasting another second, Leon jumped back twice.

Jump-Jump!

THUD!

The impact was cataclysmic. Snow exploded outward as the creature landed, leaving a small crater beneath its bulk.

Leon’s eyes narrowed as he spoke in a low voice, "Holy fucking shit..."

Before them stood a hulking figure—nearly nine feet tall, its skin a dark green. Veins bulged beneath its thick, muscular frame. In both hands, it gripped twin axes, each glinting with dried blood.

There was a necklace of HobGoblin heads in it’s neck and golden bracelets in both hands.

Leon wasted no time and used his skill on him.

<Inspect>

[Name: Gruder]

[Class: Goblin Champion]

[Race: Named Monster]

[Level: 20]

[HP: 20,000/20,000]

[MP: 50/50]

[Description: Gruder was named by a mage—after he slaughtered him. Known for his intelligence, strategic brutality, and overwhelming bloodlust, he fights with relentless rage when challenged by a worthy foe or when he is extremely hungry.]

"M-Mr. Leon... that’s a Goblin Champion," Rees warned. "He’s the one commanding the HobGoblins that we met earlier. And I think now he’s come to finish the job himself because I can see their heads hanging in his necklace."

Leon’s expression turned even more serious as he activated another skill.

<Glitch Point>

But to his disappointment, there were no weak points over the Goblin Champion’s body.

’Dammit. How does he not have any weak points ? I should’ve brought Dusk or Fruela.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

Then the monster spoke.

"Which... of you... stronger?"

Leon blinked with an utterly confused expression.

’It can talk ?’ Leon thought as he tightened his grip on the Nyxter’s blades.

"Mr. Leon! I’ve prepared the escape spell. Please—we can still run! Just run over to me." Rees shouted from the other side, a glowing sigil forming under his bony feet.

’He is right... We should return back to the dungeon. Fighting this monster is going to be a very very risky thing.’ Leon thought in his mind.

"If it can speak our language, Rees... it can probably understand it too. Don’t you think, Rees ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

Gruder grinned, revealing sharp yellow teeth as he looked at Leon. "No waste time. I eat... you. Food."

’His speech is broken... limited vocabulary, that means he has hunted less but more than enough humans to learn the language.’ Leon assessed for a moment but dismissed the thought immediately.

"Sorry, motherfucker. I’m not on the menu tonight." Leon whispered in a low voice.

<Blind Spot>

Leon vanished from sight and bolted toward Rees—but he’d barely covered half the distance when something whistled through the air.

THUD!

An axe buried itself in the ground just inches away from Leon’s feet. He skidded to a stop, his eyes wide in shock. Across the clearing, Gruder’s gaze burned with crimson red.

’He can see through Blind Spot...!’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at him.

"Mr. Leo—" Rees began but,

The second axe was already airborne.

"REEES! MOVE!" Leon shouted with all his might.

Rees tried to move but it was too late...

CRACKLE—CRACK!

The blade sheared through his lower torso, scattering the bones across the snow.

"Fucking hell." Leon spoke as his expressions turned grim.

But Rees’s bones quivered, reassembling almost immediately. "I—I’m alright. I am alright Mr. Leon."

"Motherfucker... I thought he died." Leon spoke in a low voice as he turned to look at Gruder.

"DIE, FOOD! DIE!" Gruder roared in a very deep voice, as he charged towards him with terrifying speed, both of his fists raised in the air and over his head.

Leon immediately jumped back—

THUD-THUD!

—barely dodging the double slam.

Then again, Gruder thundered forward.

"GRRRRAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH..."

Same form. Same angle. Same wild fists.

Leon stepped back again, narrowly avoiding the next strike as well but this time... Leon gained some distance between them.

This time, Gruder grabbed an axe and re-aimed it towards Leon.

<Loose Grip>

[Opponent Level Too High. Skill will not function correctly.]

As soon as Leon readed the warning, it was already too late.

The axe spun like a comet toward him.

SWISH—

"Fuck..."

"Le Frozar Walor!"

*GRRRRR*

CRACK!

A shimmering wall of ice erupted in front of Leon in the blink of an eyes, absorbing the strike into itself completely.

"Mr. Leon, are you alright?!" Rees asked in a worried tone.

Leon exhaled. "Yeah. I’m good."

"Phew..."

The wall melted instantly and turned into water.

Gruder charged towards Leon once again, his fists raised in the air just like before. "DIEEEEE!"

Another furious slam came down—

THUD!

Leon danced away, this time a smile appearing over his face.

"Wait..." He spoke.

Again, Gruder raised his fists and came towards Leon to deliver another slam.

THUD!

Leon stepped back, watching Gruder closely this time.

Rees called out, concerned. "Mr. Leon, what are you doing?! We need to escape! Please come to me"

Leon didn’t respond. His eyes were locked on Gruder. Focused. But there was also a smile on his face.

It was as if he had found out something about Gruder.

"GRAAAAAHHHHHHH..."

*THUD*

He brought done another Slam, but this time... Instead of dodging close, Leon jumped back twice... maintaining some distance between them.

*Jump-Jump*

Gruder snarled. "FOOD DON’T RUN!"

He grabbed the axe and curled it towards Leon with full force—

SWISH—THUD!

—Leon stepped aside with perfect timing.

A wide smile spread across his face.

"Now... the fists." He spoke in a low voice.

Gruder bellowed and charged again, fists raised.

Leon’s boots shifted as he sidestepped.

THUD!

"Hahaha... This is fun."

Rees watched from a distance, baffled. "W-What is he doing...?"

Leon’s smirk deepened. ’Motherfucker is repeating the same pattern to attack me again and again.

If I am in close range... he just slams me continously but when I gain some distance, he starts to throw the axe at me in order to close distance, following the same pattern again.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195: Got some Pay back.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"W-What the hell is this guy even doing ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon and the Goblin Champion.

He was throwing fists on Leon and Leon was easily dodging them as if it’s a piece of cake.

There was a mocking smile on Leon’s face that made fun of Gruder for missing everytime.

"GRAAWWWWWWHHHHHHHH..." Gruder roared loudly as he slammed his fists on the ground and Leon dodged to the side very easily.

"Okay... Time to end this." He spoke jumping back a few steps.

"FOOD... ANNOYING." Gruder shouted as he immediately picked up the axe and threw it towards Leon.

Without wasting another second, Leon dodged to the side and inserted his hand inside his pocket.

He slowly grabbed the bead that he prepared in the start with max number of exploding seals on it and pulled it out.

"Come on big guy... Come and get your food." Leon spoke with a smile as he activated his skill.

<Glitch Point>

The skill showed no weakness just like before but Leon’s plan was to create one this time.

"GRAAHHHHHHHHHH..." Gruder roared as he immediately ran towards Leon with his fists in air.

But this time as soon as he opened his mouth, Leon saw a small red glowing dot in front of his eyes.

He immediately placed the bead, right behind the red dot and used his thumb to launch it.

The beads flew directly into Gruder’s throat and he swallowed it.

*THUD*

Leon stepped aside and dodged the smash... He then immediately jumped back twice and hided behind a tree.

"What kind of foolish things is this guy even doing ? Is he mad or what ? I knew trusting a human was a big mistake." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"FOOOD... MUST DIE." Gruder shouted as he immediately grabbed his axe and got ready to threw it at the tree with full power.

"This will go hard... Happy Birthday, Motherfucker. Kaboom." Leon spoke with a wide smile as he immediately covered his ears.

Suddenly, Gruder felt something moving in his stomach.

"FOO-!?"

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

A very huge explosion took place in the vinceral forest. It was so loud that the sound travelled to all the nearby villages.

[Congratulations ! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations ! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations ! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations ! You have received the title {Goblin Family Slayer} !]

[Title: Goblin Slayer]

[Description: You have successfully slayed the ’Goblin Champion’ and as a reward, this title will increase any magical or physical damage dealt to any monster from the Goblin monster family will increase by 2x.]

"Fucking Hell... That was louder than I thought." Leon spoke as he started rubbing his ears with both fingers and stood up.

"Hmm...?" Leon stepped out from behind the tree and noticed that there was a hole where Gruder was standing and the trees are covered in blood.

All the snow from the trees have fallen down and there is a continuous beeping sound in his ears.

"Wow... That was lethal. Although I was expecting his body to explode but I was expecting it to explode from one side or something.

I made only one of that max seal ball-" Suddenly, Leon stopped speaking as he realised something.

’Wait... I spoke the word ’Kaboom’ but the other beads in my pocket are still intact. Only the one that I wanted to explode was inside the Goblin Champion and it exploded.

Is this part of the spell ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Damn I have to be careful next time. Have to put these beads in the inventory and then use them one by one." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he immediately opened the inventory and placed the beads inside it.

"Hmm...?" Suddenly, he noticed something shining brightly purple inside the hole.

As the hole wasn’t that deep, Leon entered inside and started walking towards thr shining object.

After getting closer, he noticed that it was a giant golden bracelet radiating a purple hue around it.

"Now, Now... What kind of artifact are you ?" Leon asked with a smile as he used his skill on it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Bracelet Of Dominance]

[Rank: C]

[Description: A special bracelet, that when it’s activated... It will create a fifteen meter domain around the wearer and as long as the wearer stands inside it, his strength and defence will be increased by 1.8x for 20 seconds.

New Domain can be re-created instantly after the first one ends but if the wearer stepped out of the domain, the bracelet will go on a cooldown.]

[×|§§|π×`×§§]

[Cooldown: 1 Hour]

"Ahh... Now I understand why he was repeating those attacks and when I jumped out of his domain, he threw the axe at me with increased strength because he couldn’t step out of the domain and that was the perfect attacking pattern for him.

But that kind of thing can only work with less intelligent monsters and stupid humans maybe. But, I will take this... Since I can’t wear such a huge thing... I will just sell it. Pretty sure it will fetch a massive price." Leon spoke with a smile as he picked up the big bracelet and to his surprise, the bracelet started vibrating all of a sudden.

"What the-!?" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, the went inside his hand and got adjusted to Leon’s wrist size.

"What the fuck just happened ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he tried to take off of the bracelet but it won’t budge from his hand.

"Fucking hell... Come out... Come out." Leon shouted as he tried to take off the bracelet with full force but it didn’t even more.

"Mr. Leon... Are you alive ? Mr. Leon ?" Suddenly Rees’ voice came from outside.

"Rees... I am here. Can you hear me ?" Leon asked as he looked up.

"Ah... Mr. Leon, what happened ? I remember that Goblin Champion taking his axe and pointing it towards you, but I don’t remember what happened after that." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"I will explain it later... Can you take a look at this bracelet and take it off if you can." Leon spoke as he immediately walked out of the hole and showed the bracelet to Rees.

"Ah... A cursed Artifact." Rees spoke as he looked at the bracelet.

"A fucking What ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"It’s a cursed Artifact, Mr. Leon. These things are rare... Did you find it from the Goblin Champion’s body ?" Rees asked.

"Yes." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"That explains his extreme power. You see... cursed Artifacts are just artifacts that are cursed." Rees replied.

"Wow... That explains it. You fucking idiot, you just said two words and then reversed them. Can you tell me why is it cursed ? Who cursed it ? And what is the curse over it ?" Leon asked with an Irritated expression.

"Ah... I am sorry. Let me see." Rees spoke as he immediately started clicking over the bracelet with his bony fingers.

After tapping for about ten seconds, the bracelet let out a purple hue once again and a red magic circle appeared over it.

The circle started turning white slowly, just like a clock.

"Oops." Rees spoke in a low voice.

"What the fuck do you mean by oops ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"The bracelet was cursed with self-destruction magic and when I interfered with it’s lock, the curse got activated." Rees replied as he looked at Leon.

"Are you fucking kidding me ? Will my hand blow up when this red circle turns completely white ?" Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"No... I don’t think the explosion will be that small. I am pretty sure you will get blown into pieces but I can stop that from happening if I cover your body with a protective barrier." Rees spoke in a hesitated voice.

"What about my hand ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Oh... If will still explode." Rees replied.

"Fucking hell Rees... I don’t want my hand to explode. Do something and save it." Leon spoke in a loud voice.

"We need a curse removing Artifact, Mr. Leon. If you want to save your hand, looking at the timer... You have about four hours." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"Do you have a curse removing Artifact ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Not here but I had one back in my elf kingdom’s dungeon and it was the only thing that wasn’t stolen in the Human raid." Rees spoke with a serious expression.

"How the fuck are we going to get inside the Elf kingdom ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"We need to go back to the dungeon... Maybe Fruela can help us. She is from the Elf kingdom, right ?" Rees asked as he immediately stood up and started casting a teleportation spell on the ground.

’Fucking hell... It didn’t say on this thing’s description that this item is curse-’ Suddenly, Leon remembered something and he immediately re-opened it’s description.

<Inspect>

[Name: Bracelet Of Dominance]

[Rank: C]

[Description: A special bracelet, that when it’s activated... It will create a fifteen meter domain around the wearer and as long as the wearer stands inside it, his strength and defence will be increased by 1.8x for 20 seconds.

New Domain can be re-created instantly after the first one ends but if the wearer stepped out of the domain, the bracelet will go on a cooldown.]

[Cursed By Albino’s Magic.]

[Cooldown: 1 Hour]

"Now I understand why it was written in gibberish." Leon spoke in a low voice as both of them disappeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196: The Frey Stone
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dungeon, Fifth Floor...

Leon and Rees re-appeared inside the dungeon and as soon as Leon looked around, he noticed all the dark Elfs looking at him with confused expressions.

"Where is Fruela ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at one of the dark elf girl.

"I-I don’t know, Sir. Last time we saw her... She was going to the seventh floor in order to meet you." She replied in a hesitated voice.

"I will cast another teleportation-" Before Rees could’ve completed his sentence, Leon touched his hand and both of them disappeared immediately.

...

Seventh Floor,

*Swish*

Leon and Rees re-appeared on the seventh floor, only to notice Fruela talking with Elaine and Selene, while Elis is standing in one corner and watching them.

"Fruela..." Leon spoke as he started walking towards her with a serious expression.

"Master." Fruela spoke as she immediately stood up and started walking towards Leon.

"I greet, my master." Elis spoke as she disappeared and re-appeared right in front of Leon.

Leon ignored her and continued to walk forward.

"Is something wrong, Master ?" Fruela asked as she walked upto Leon and immediately bowed down showing her respect.

"Leo... You are back. We have been waiting for you." Elaine spoke as she immediately stood up and started walking towards him.

’I can’t let her know. She will get worried.’ Leon thought as he an idea came to his mind.

"Mom... I have to take Fruela with me somewhere it’s very urgent. You guys go to sleep. We will not be back till tomorrow morning or afternoon." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"But... Have you eaten something ?" Elaine asked with a worried expression.

"I will eat on the way. Don’t worry." Leon spoke as he immediately placed his hand over Fruela and Rees’ shoulder.

’Take me to the fifth floor.’ He thought in his mind and all three of them disappeared immediately.

"He is so busy all the time... Right ?" Suddenly, a voice came from the other side.

"Hmm...? Who is there ?" Elaine asked with a confused expression.

A naked woman stepped out from the dark corner of the room and as soon as Elaine saw her... A horrified expression appeared over her face.

"O-Oh my god." Elaine shouted as she immediately took two steps back because the woman was none other than Olga herself.

...

*Swish*

Leon, Fruela and Rees re-appeared on the fifth floor and all the dark Elfs turned to look at them with confused expressions.

"Okay... Fruela. I need you to get me inside the Elf kingdom." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at her.

"W-What !? Master... What are you saying ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Mr. Leon said that you need to get us-" Before Rees could’ve completed his sentence, Fruela interrupted him with a serious expression.

"I heard master at once, Skeleton. But... That’s just impossible Master. We were kicked out of that place.

It’s not like we can just walk in there." Fruela spoke as she looked at Leon.

’I don’t have a real heart, but that ’Skeleton’ word really hurted.’ Rees thought as he looked at Fruela.

"There has to be a way... Some secret tunnel or we can bribe the Elfs ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I don’t think there is a secret tunnel into the Elf kingdom, Master. And since we don’t use money in the kingdom that much... I don’t think you can bribe the guards." Fruela spoke with a serious expression.

"Umm... Execuse me." Suddenly, a sound came from behind.

All three of them immediately turned around and noticed a dark Elf girl standing behind them.

"Belça... Do you want something ? Can’t you see that I am talking to master right now ?" Fruela spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I am sorry sister Fruela, but I overheard some of your talk and I-I might’ve a way that you can use to return to the Elf kingdom." Belça spoke with a hesitated expression.

"What ? Really ?" Leon asked with a shocked and surprised expression.

"Y-Yes, Sir." She replied.

"What is it ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression.

"The old travel room." Belça spoke as she looked at Fruela.

"What !? You still have the Frey Stone ?" Fruela asked with a shocked expression.

"What the fuck is a frey stone ? and what is travel room ? Look... I don’t want to rush you guys or anything but my hand will explode in about three hours and fourty minutes.

So, next time you take name of some weird thing, give a small explanation with it." Leon spoke as he he looked at Fruela and Belça.

"Ah... I am sorry master, A travel room is something that all the Elfs use in order to travel throughout the world and a frey stone is used to operate it." Fruela explained immediately.

"That’s one of their greatest achievements... Using Teleportation magic using no mana or casting. Just like you do in the dungeon Mr. Leon.

That thing is one of the major reason for the war after slavery right ?" Rees asked as he looked at Fruela.

"Yes, Humans want that." Fruela replied.

"I just want this bracelet off of my hand. So how can we use that frey stone to get to the Elf kingdom." Leon asked as he looked at Fruela.

"I have to create a magic circle completely identical to the travel room’s magic circle and once we place the frey stone in it... You will be teleported to the selected location." Belça explained as she looked at Leon.

"Just draw the circle on a paper... I will make it myself." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I already have it on paper. Here." Belça spoke as she handed a small paper to Leon.

Leon immediately opened it up and noticed a huge and complex magic circle drawn all over it.

"Wow... Is that a nine circular ?" Rees asked as he look at Belça.

"Eleven... Sir." She replied in a low voice.

"Amazing... You elf people are really advance when it comes to magic." Rees replied in a admiring tone.

"Okay... Where is the stone ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah... Wait a second." Belça spoke as she went back and called out her son, whonwas playing with the other kids.

She then took his pendant and came back to Leon.

"Here Sir." Belça spoke as she gave the green emerald like stone to Leon.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill over it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Frey Stone]

[Rank: ??]

[Description: A magical stone with unknown properties, that is believed to be a very sacred by the elfs and it is used in travel rooms.]

’No rank ?’ Leon thought for second.

"Okay... Thanks. I will not forget this favour." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Belça.

"Ah... No, No... It’s just my gratitude for saving us, Sir. Please use it as you please." Belça spoke as she immediately bowed down to Leon.

"Let’s go Rees..." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over Rees’ shoulder but Fruela interrupted him immediately.

"Please wait Master. Take me with you. I will help you as I know the elf kingdom better from inside." She spoke with a serious expression.

"Good point." Leon spoke as he placed his other hand over Fruela’s shoulder and all three of them disappeared.

....

Fourth floor,

*Swish*

All three of them re-appeared on the fourth floor and as soon as they did... Leon noticed that the room was completely empty but there were still torches shining brightly on the walls.

"Okay... Elis come here." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

*Swish*

"Master. You called ?" Elis appeared in front of Leon and bowed down immediately.

"Can you draw this on the floor...?" Leon asked as he showed the magic circle to Elis.

"As you command, Master." Elis replied as she immediately went down on her knees and placed her hand over the ground.

As soon as she did... The stones on the floor started shifting and rising.

In just a few seconds, the magic circle that was on the paper came into existence over the fourth floor.

"Still amazed by the things she can do. Truly a genius dungeon core." Rees spoke as he looked at Elis.

"Okay... So, according to the paper. I am supposed to place this stone in the middle of the circle right ?" Leon asked as he showed the paper to Rees.

"Ah, Yes... There will be a small chamber in the middle for the stone." Rees explained as he looked at the map closely.

Leon immediately walked upto the middle of the magic circle and noticed a very small hole in the middle.

He slowly placed the frey stone inside it and stepped back.

"What now ? How do we know if it’s working ?" Leon asked as he turned to look at Rees.

"Ah... It’s working. Look Mr. Leon." Rees spoke as he pointed towards the stone.

As soon as Leon turned back around, he noticed the stone floating in the air.

"Woah...."

Suddenly, A bright green light started spreading across the magic circle.

"It’s Activating." Fruela spoke with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197: Who is the girl ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fourth Floor, Dungeon...

*Zzzzzzzzzz*

The fourth floor was shining brightly with green light as the frey crystal powered up the magic circle that was etched into the floor.

"Well... What now ? How do we travel ?" Leon asked as he looked at Rees.

"We are travelling, Mr. Leon." Rees replied as he looked at circle.

"What ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"The moment this circle was made... I noticed a realm travel rune there." Rees spoke as he pointed towards a line written in ancient language that was unreadable.

"What about it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he walked upto the rune and noticed that it was the most glowing part of the circle.

"That means this room is travelling through space between the realms. You can’t get out of here or no one else can enter inside this room." Rees spoke as he walked upto one of the doors and as soon as he touched it... An invisible wall stopped his hand from going out.

"Wait... Wait... Are you telling me that this room has disappeared from the middle of the dungeon ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"That’s a question that even the Elfs don’t know the answer to, Master." Fruela replied with a smile.

"What do you mean ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The answer to your question will be, Yes and No, Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

"What ?"

"You see... We don’t know what that rune really means or what it does but whenever you use it.

The room or should I say an identical copy of this room will take it’s place in our realm while the real room travels to the other places. That’s the only working theory that the Elfs have come up with or that’s what one of my Elf friend told me back then." Rees replied as he looked at Leon.

"Fuck all that... How do you plan to get us to the Elf kingdom and your dungeon ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah yes... The crystal listens to the ancient elven language. I have to guide it by telling the location in that language." Rees spoke as he started walking towards the Frey crystal.

"You know our ancient tongue ? Even I don’t know that." Fruela asked with a confused expression.

"I know every language that’s spoken on this land or that was ever spoken before, Lady. I might not know how to fight physically but if you want to fight me with knowledge, I will always win." Rees spoke with a proud expression as he immediately stopped in front of the frey crystal.

"Rees, would you just do it ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Ah yes, ’Lani udna temao kunida, valtre konesa. Sedrio, fina’. That should do it." Rees spoke as he took a step back and suddenly the green glowing runes turning pink.

*SHAKE-SHAKE*

The whole room shook for a bit but as soon as it stopped, Leon noticed that the runes have turned back to their natural green colour.

"What happened ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

*Sniff-Sniff*

"I can feel It... This is the scent of white fluverbell flowers. They are all around the elf kingdom." Fruela spoke with a smile as she sniffed the air.

"Can we go out ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at the exit door and noticed a white hue covering it.

"Ah, Yes. The room must be on the location now." Rees spoke as he walked upto the exit and slowly placed his hand out.

As soon as he pulled it back in, there was snow over his hand.

"Yes... We are here." He confirmed.

"Good, we are on time." Leon replied as he looked at his wrist that noticed that there were only three hours left.

"Wait... Where was your dungeon again ?" Fruela she asked with a serious expression as she looked at Rees.

"In the middle of the Rangong forest." Rees replied.

"Oh no." Fruela spoke with a serious expression as she immediately withdrew her daggers.

"What ? What’s wrong" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Rangong forest is one of the deadliest forest in our kingdom, Master. As it’s covered in dense poisonous fogs.

The skeleton will be alright since he is already dead, I have a skill that makes me immune to any poisonous effect.... But what about you master ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression.

"I will be alright. Let’s go." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Fruela and activated his skill.

<Adaptive Body>

All three of them stepped out of the room and noticed that it was still snowing but no snow was visible on the ground due to the poisonous green fog floating low.

*Sniff*

[Warning: You have been poisoned.]

[-500 HP]

*Thud*

Suddenly, Leon felt a serious weakness in his body and he immediately fell down to one knee.

"Master."

"Mr. Leon."

Both, Rees and Fruela came to pick him up, but Leon stopped them with a gesture of his hand.

"N-No... Don’t." He spoke with a serious expression.

[Mana pores have been opened up.]

[Posion will be neutralized with mana.]

[Adapting to Poison.]

"B-But, Mr. Leon... You are-" Before Rees could’ve completed his sentence, Leon stood up from the ground and took a deep breath.

*SNIFFFFFFFFFF*

He took in a long breathe and then let it out.

*Fuuuuuuuuuuuu*

"A-Are you okay, master ?" Fruela asked with a worried expression.

"I am good now." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Fruela.

"Your hand... Mr. Leon." Rees spoke as he pointed towards Leon’s hand.

"Hmm...?" As soon as Leon looked down, he noticed that a green liquid was coming out of his hand.

"What’s this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression but before he could’ve used his skill on it, Rees interrupted him.

"Oh my god... Your body is not immune to posion, Mr. Leon-"

"It’s refining the poison out." Fruela completed the sentence.

"Yes... Do you see this ? Isn’t this incredible ?" Rees asked as he pointed towards Leon’s hand.

"It is... In order to achieve such a strong body, one has to meditate under mana rivers for years." Fruela replied with a smile.

"How did you do it, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"I meditated under a mana river. Now, can we go to your dungeon ? Because the body won’t be of much use without my fucking hand." Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Ah... I am sorry. Please follow me. The dungeon is not that far from here." Rees replied as he started walking forward and both of them started following behind him.

After walking for about ten minutes, Rees stopped and started looking around.

"What happened ? Why are you stopping ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"That remel berry tree was towards the north direction and if I take twelve steps to the right... There should be a-" Without speaking Rees tapped on something that was in the woods and suddenly, a clicking and gear shifting noise started coming from inside the ground.

*Click-Click-Click-Click*

After ten seconds, the noises stopped.

"What just happened ? I thought a secret door will open on the ground." Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Rees.

"Oh no, no Mr. Leon. When I built this dungeon... It wasn’t that advance.

OURA." Rees explained as he shouted a weird word.

"What the-"

Suddenly, A magical door made out of mana appeared in front of Leon.

"It was a magical door embedded with physical mechanics. You see when the mechanism is triggered by the-"

"We understand." Fruela and Leon spoke at the same time.

"Well then, come on." Rees spoke as he immediately entered inside the gate, Fruela and Leon stepped inside after him.

As soon as all three of them entered inside, they saw nothing but darkness and the smell of moss.

"Alfien." Rees spoke as he immediately summoned a small ball of light and lightened up the room.

Leon looked around and noticed that the room was really small and it was completely empty.

"Hmm...? I don’t remember this room being empty. Did someone else came to the dungeon after that raid ?" Rees asked in a low voice as he walked upto the exit gate of the room and opened it.

*Click*

As soon as he opened the door, light of burning torches shined brightly on their faces.

Leon closed his eyes for a second.

"Who are you ?" Rees shouted loudly.

Leon immediately opened his eyes and noticed a human girl in her twenties sitting on a desk and pouring some chemicals over a wooden doll.

She had, black hairs, black eyes, a mask over her face and fair skin tone.

"Huh...? KYAAAAAAAAAA... MONSTERRRRRRR." She shouted as soon as her eyes fell over Rees.

"Umm... You are in my dungeon and you are calling me monster. Don’t you think that’s disrespectful ?" Rees asked as he looked at her.

"W-What !? Your dungeon ?" She asked with a shocked and scared expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198: Lenna Afloman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Umm... Can you tell us who you are and how you got down here ? This dungeon is atleast thirty feet down from the surface and very, very far from the Human Kingdom." Rees asked as he looked at the Human Girl.

"M-My name is Leena Afloman. I am the first daughter of the Afloman Household-"

"Afloman Household ? I have read about it... Wait, Wait. Search Afloman." Leon spoke in a low voice as he immediately activated his skill.

[Afloman - 3 results found. Flashing into memory.]

As soon as the memories were flashed into Leon’s mind a serious expression appeared over his face.

"Your house used to be a three star noble household but your father was executed when he was found conspiring against the king and your noble status was ripped off.

That very night... Some assassins killed your whole family but no one tried to raise this issue, right ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Y-You are right." Leena replied with a hesitated and scared expression.

"By that... Isn’t she supposed to be dead, Master ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Please give me a chance to explain... If you aren’t here to kill me that is." Leena spoke as she looked at Leon.

"I don’t have time for your explanation... Rees, Where is that thing ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at Rees.

"Ah, Yes... Little girl have you seen a device that used to be there ?" Rees spoke as he pointed towards the empty wall.

"A device ? Ah... That thing. I placed it inside that room with the other garbage." Leena spoke as she pointed towards a room to the left.

"Nothing... Keep it in mind little girl. Nothing in this dungeon is trash other than you." Rees spoke in a very angry tone.

"Wow man, that was Savage." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Rees.

"That equipment is the most expensive thing that you have ever seen in your life, Girl." Rees spoke as he immediately walked towards the room opened it and went inside.

In just a few seconds, he dragged out a big ’C’ shaped machine made out of rusted iron and magic runes were etched into it’s base.

It was also threatening to break any second.

"Okay... Just give me a moment to set it up, Mr. Leon. I have to clean the rust from over the runes, so that they can work efficiently." Rees spoke as he started scratching the rust using his bony fingers.

Leon looked at the timer on the bracelet and noticed that it had gone half white and half-red.

"Do it fast, Rees. I only have two hours." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"More than enough... Mr. Leon. Don’t worry." Rees spoke as he continued his work.

"What even is this thing ? I-If you don’t mind me asking, Sir Skeleton." Leena asked as she looked at Rees.

"My name is Rees Krambelbar. Don’t call me Skeleton. I hate it whenever someone calls me that." Rees spoke in a neutral voice as he continued to scratch the rust from the runes.

"I-I am sorry, Mr. Krambelbar Sir." Leena spoke as she immediately apologised.

"You don’t seem that much nobleish from the way of your talking." Leon spoke as he looked at Leena.

"Ah...It’s been a while since I met fellow humans. First I thought that the ones who are going to find me will be Elfs but I am really surprised to see you here." Leena spoke with a neutral expression.

"How much time do you think has passed since you are down here ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Umm... About seven years, eleven months and today is the sixteenth day. I think the time out there would be around mid-night, right ?" Leena asked as she looked at Leon.

"Three hours past mid-night." Fruela replied with a neutral expression.

"Ah... My calculations are off by three hours ? That’s a shame." Leena spoke as she placed her hand back on her head.

"How did you survive down here without food or water ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah... Yes, You see... I found this." Leena spoke as she pointed towards a wooden plate that was sitting over the counter.

"Hmm...? A wooden plate ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Not an ordinary wooden plate. It’s a defective magic equipment, if you transfer mana into it... The equipment looks for a random eatable food in a range of four hundred kilometres around it and teleports it to the plate." Rees explained as he continued to do his work.

"Yes." Leena spoke as she nodded slightly.

"That’s food robbery, isn’t it ? What were you even thinking when you made it ? And why did you even make it in the first place ? You are an undead, you don’t need food to survive." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I was trying to make something else, Mr. Leon. As I said, it’s just a defective equipment used to steal food and drinkables. Wasted five years over it." Rees replied.

"What were you trying to make ?" Fruela asked with a neutral expression.

"Something else." Rees replied.

"What is that something else, if I may ask." Fruela spoke as a smile appeared over her face.

"I don’t think, I am obliged to answer that question." Rees spoke as he looked at Fruela.

"Let me guess... You were trying to make a magic plate that would summon you anything you wished from the whole elf kingdom without ever going out of your dungeon.

Am I right ?" Fruela asked with a smile.

Rees remained silent and continued to work.

"Fruela, don’t do it. There are somethings better remain disclosed. We all have our secrets, just like I have never asked you about your past." Leon spoke as he looked at Fruela.

"I-I am sorry, Master." Fruela immediately apologised as she bowed down to Leon.

"One day... When I went out to get somethings from the Elven market. Your Queen’s carriage was supposed to make a round through the kingdom.

I always covered my face with this black robe that I am wearing, everytime. But that day, something slipped from my hands and when I bent down to pick it up, a little elf girl got the glimpse of my face.

She got so scared that she tried to run away, I tried to stop her but at that very unfortunate second, a carriage with twelve shining spirit horses came running through the road and crushed that little girl to her death.

Her mother and father cried their eyes out in front of the whole crowd... Her brother ran to attack the Queen, but the guards pushed him away.

From that day... I never decided to get out of the dungeon. I tried to make a device that can bring me anything I want from the whole elf kingdom but not with the intention of stealing.

Just because I am undead doesn’t mean I don’t have feelings. I have everything a living human has except a living body. So, I am sorry if you think I am a nothing but a petty thief, Dark Elf." Rees spoke as he continued to scratch the rust.

*Sob-Sob-Sob-Sob*

Leon immediately turned to look at Leena and noticed that she is crying.

"Why are you crying ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I-I am sorry, I-I haven’t heard such an emotional story for years." Leena replied as she looked at Leon.

"Okay, It’s done and ready to use, Mr. Leon." Rees spoke as he stood up and looked at Leon.

"What do I need to do ?" Leon asked as he stepped forward.

"Just stand on the platform and I will start it immediately." Rees spoke as he pointed towards the platform.

Leon immediately walked upto the platform started staring at Rees as he took off his robe.

"What are you doing, Rees ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I am undead Mr. Leon. I am the most cursed thing in this whole world since death is the absolute truth and I am something that goes against it.

In order to keep me from turning into a stupid monster, my necroheart helps me. It fights the curse." Rees spoke as he ulled his necroheart out and placed it right over the upper edge of the equipment.

As soon as he did this, the necroheart started hovering right above Leon’s heart.

"Okay... What now ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Now stay still for a moment. Alcusto Opria Furk Mei." Rees spoke as he started chanting and as soon as his chanting ended, the necroheart let out a sharp green coloured beam out of it that went directly into Leon’s head.

After exactly three seconds, it stopped.

"Okay... Is it stopped, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked as he looked at bracelet.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at the bracelet and noticed that there was no timer on it now.

He slowly touched it from the sides and...

*Click*

The bracelet opened up immediately.

"Nice." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Now, I will take back my heart." Rees spoke as he placed his heart back into his rib-cage.

"Shall we head back, Master ?" Fruela asked as she immediately turned around.

"Yes... Let’s go." Leon spoke as all three of them started walking towards the room that came in from.

"Wait please..." Leena shouted from behind.

"Hmm...? What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Can you please take me with you ?" She asked with a hopeful expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199: Shifting Trees
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Can you take me with you, Please ?" Leena asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"You want to come with us ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I-I mean... It’s not the best live, when you are living inside a dungeon. Maybe god sent you to help me out." Leena spoke as she looked at Leon.

"He didn’t believe me and Why should I take you with me ? And aren’t you living peacefully here ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Mister, please... I beg you. I am going crazy down here. You are the first person I have talked to in so many years and I was running from the assassins when I fell into this stupid place...

Please I beg you, take me out of here. If you want, I will even sleep with you. I am still a virgin. You can take my first time as a price for taking me out, Please." Leena spoke as she broke down in tears and grabbed Leon’s hand tightly.

’I knew it... She was acting this whole time. There is no way a human girl can live in this place for the past seven years without going insane.

She was just trying to hide her desperation by keeping her cool. But, the main question is... should I bring her with me ?’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at her.

"Do you know that the forest above this dungeon is infected with a deadly poison ?" Leon asked as he looked at Leena.

"N-No..." Leena spoke as she wiped off her tears and looked at Leon with an innocent expression.

"Even if I take you out there with me... How are you going to survive ? Do you know any spells that can protect you from posion effect ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I-I don’t... But, I can cover my face with a cloth." Leena spoke as she picked up a piece of cloth and started wrapping it around her face.

"Won’t work... The poison is so potent that it will kill you the moment you inhale it." Fruela spoke as she looked at Leena.

"Hah... Well, I guess. There is really no way out for me." Leena spoke with a sad expression as she took off the cloth from her mouth.

"I might have a way to get her to the Room... But, I need to know... How much of my books have you readed until now ?" Rees asked as he walked upto Leena.

"A-About... All of them." Leena spoke as she looked at Rees with a hesitated expression.

"Fucking hell..." Rees cursed as he looked at at Leena.

"The things you worked on for your whole life... Now a human girl has read it all. How do you feel about that Rees ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at him.

"Okay... Mr. Leon, either we have to kill her..." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"N-No... Please don’t kill me. I-I won’t share your findings with anyone, I-I swear on my life." Leena spoke with a scared expression as she looked at Leon.

"...or What ?" Leon asked as he looked at Rees.

"... or we have to take her back to the dungeon and keep her there until I find out a spell that can erase memories.

They are the findings of my lifetime, If I let such knowledge into her hands... I won’t be able to forgive myself.

I turned into a Lich and gave up my human life in order to gain that knowledge and if it fell into wrong hands, I can only imagine what will happen." Rees replied as he looked at Leon.

"Well... You heard him, Darling. What are you going to choose ? Death or staying in my dungeon until he erases some of your memories ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Leena.

"I-I don’t like both of the options..." Leena spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Guess she wants to stay here then... Let’s go." Leon spoke as all three of them turned around and started walking towards the room.

"W-Wait... I-I will choose the second option. Please just don’t leave me here." Leena spoke as she looked at Leon with a desperate expression.

"Good choice. Now... What method do you have Rees ?" Leon asked as he looked at him.

"Hah... I thought you would choose the first option but I forgot that you are also a human and will do anything to survive.

Here hold this in your hand." Rees spoke as he pulled out a golden coin out of his pocket and gave it to Leena.

"A golden coin ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"An enchanted talisman, Mr. Leon. It grants protection from any kind of Poison, Acid and any other effect like Aphrodisiac or whatever." Rees explained as he looked at Leon.

"You can make them ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"No, It was gift from a dear friend when I was alive... But, it only grants the protection for about four to five minutes.

So, we have to be quick." Rees explained as he looked at Leena.

"I-I understand." Leena spoke as she looked at Rees.

"Well then... Let’s go. I have to sleep as well. It’s been two days since I have gotten any good sleep." Leon spoke as all four them walked inside the teleportation room.

"OURA." Rees spoke as gears shifted above them and the same magical gate appeared in front of them.

All of them immediately exited through the gate and noticed that they were out in the forest again.

"That way..." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the south direction and all four of them started walking behind him.

"Wait... I don’t think, it was the way that we came from, Master." Fruela spoke with a confused expression as she immediately turned around and noticed something odd.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at her with a confused expression.

"That tree... It wasn’t there when I counted the steps from the gate." Rees spoke as he pointed towards the tree.

"There is no snow over the trees... But, when we entered inside the dungeon, they were covered in snow." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he immediately withdrew his sword from his inventory.

Fruela immediately activated her skill and scanned the forest.

"I can’t sense the room around us, Master." Fruela spoke as she also withdrew her daggers.

"W-What is happening ?" Leena asked with a scared and confused expression as she immediately hided behind Leon.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill on one of the trees.

<Inspect>

[Name: Mephlim Tree]

[Class: Tree]

[Race: Monster]

[Description: Due to the demonic poison mist, this tree has mutated into a demonic tree and they shift continuously around the forest like a living maze in order to deceive their prey until they are dead from exhaustion, poison or starvation.]

"The trees have mutated from the poisonous mist. They are shifting their location in order to confused us and keep us here until we die... So that they can consume us." Leon spoke as he looked at Rees.

"That’s a very good explanation but how do you know, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"I don’t think that matters right now Rees. Can you figure a way out ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"I will search for a way out from above." Fruela spoke as she started walking towards a tree.

"Don’t... The trees will try to separate us from each other. Stay with me, I will take care of this." Leon spoke as he used his skill.

"Yes, Master." Fruela spoke as she immediately stopped.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Compass of Heart." Leon spoke in a low voice.

’I saw this thing in a pirate movie back on earth. I wonder if it will work.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

[Skill ’Compass of Heart.’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"Enchantes any object with magic and wherever the user wishes to go, the object will simply point towards it’s direction." Leon spoke in a low voice and all three of them looked at him with confused expressions.

"Mr. Leon ? Are you alright ? Because I think we should start moving towards any random direction and we will find a way out sooner or later." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

[Processing....]

[Error: Define the time that the object will stay enchanted.]

"One hour." Leon spoke in a low voice.

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the rank.]

"Fuck... Fifty Five minutes."

[Error:....]

"Fourth Five minutes."

[Error:....]

"Thirty Minutes." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

[Description has been accepted.]

’Fuck yes.’ He thought with a wide smile.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Compass of Heart}.]

"Show me the way." Leon spoke as a smirk appeared over his face.

[Chant ’Show me the way’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 300 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 2 hours after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Learn it." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Compass Of Heart.}]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200: That would Help
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mr. Leon... should we start walking north? I think we should, north is a good place if we have to choose." Rees suggested, glancing at Leon with uncertainty.

"No need," Leon replied calmly as he stepped forward, picking up a small stick from the forest floor.

"Show me the way," he whispered under his breath activating the skill.

<Compass of Heart>

As the skill activated, the stick shimmered briefly in a golden light before returning to normal.

’Take me to the dungeon room,’ Leon commanded as he closed his eyes for a second.

He then placed the stick on the ground vertically and let go of it.

*Thud*

The stick fell immediately, pointing due south.

"This way," Leon said, already starting to move towards south.

"W-Wha—!?" Rees stammered, completely thrown off. "Mr. Leon, you can’t be serious!"

"I am... follow me." Leon spoke and continued to walk forward.

"Let’s go," Fruela said to Leena, and the two of them followed Leon without questions.

"Sigh..." With no better alternative, Rees sighed and trailed behind them.

After walking for a while, the group reached a split in the path—three diverging trails lay ahead.

"We should keep heading south since we took the—"

Thud.

Before Rees could finish, Leon dropped the stick once more. This time, it pointed towards west.

"This way, follow me..." Leon declared, changing direction instantly.

"Mr. Leon, you can’t seriously be letting a stick decide our path, if this continued... we will get lost so deep in the forest that there will be no going back from there." Rees objected, catching up to him.

Leon stopped and turned to face him with a cold stare.

"Rees... I’m not forcing you to follow me. I am just getting out of this forest." Leon spoke with a flat voice.

"I-I’m sorry, I was only suggesting—"

"How about this," Leon interrupted, his voice steady. "Let’s make a bet. If I can’t get us out of here within the next thirty minutes, I’ll give you everything I know—every secret, every discovery. Knowledge that would take you a thousand years to learn on your own. What do you say ?"

Rees got startled by such a bold move all of a sudden and he didn’t knew what to say, that’s when these words came out, "W-What if I lose ?"

"Then you’ll work under me for life. Teach me everything I want to know. Nothing in exchange, no conditions. You’ll follow every order I give you without asking any questions." Leon spoke as he smiled faintly.

’He’ll say yes. He can’t resist the bait. And once he does... he’ll be my little pet, I can use him to teleport from one place to another and get his knowledge without giving anything in exchange . Hehehe...’

"B-But—"

"I have so much knowledge that you will not be able to believe, Rees." Leon spoke as he looked at Rees and tried to bait him even more.

"I-I was thinking-"

"Yes or no, Rees?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"...Okay. I accept."

’There’s no way a stick is going to lead us out. If he is giving away free knowledge, why should I say no to that ?’ Rees nodded confidently.

"Good. Keep up then." Leon spoke with a smile as he resumed walking.

Fruela gave Rees a sidelong glance and smirked. "Idiot skeleton."

"W-What?" Rees asked in a confused expression as he looked at her.

---

Five minutes later...

"Ahh... W-What’s... Cough–Cough happening to me?" Leena gasped, collapsing to the ground in a fit of coughs.

"Are you alright ?" Fruela asked as she grabbed her shoulders tightly.

"C-Can’t Breathe..." Leena replied in a low voice as her body started turning green.

"The talisman! It needs mana—Mr. Leon, you have to recharge it!" Rees called out as he looked at Leon.

Leon stepped forward and pressed his hand on the golden coin clutched in Leena’s hand.

[-800 MP]

[-800 MP]

[-800 MP]

...

"This thing is consuming so much mana," Leon muttered with a neutral expression.

"It’s a mana barrier talisman. Offers heavy protection in exchange for a heavy amount of mana.

That’s why I told you to recharge it... because it takes about three to four days in order to recharge on it’s own." Rees explained as the coin regained its golden glow.

Leon stood up. "Let’s move. We don’t have much time."

The group pushed forward for fifteen more minutes before something caught Leon’s eye.

Shhhh—

"That tree... It just moved," he said, pointing towards the tree. "You all saw that, right ?"

"Yes," Fruela nodded with a grin. "That means we’re near the exit, Master. The trees shift to trap intruders. But since we are really close to the exit... they must be moving in panic even in front of us."

Leon turned towards Rees and smirked at him. He then started walking forward once again.

As they were walking forward, Leon started thinking about the bet he made with Leon.

’Damn it. What have I done? That bet—he must have known something from the start. It’s got to be a skill, but what kind of skill guides you with a damn stick !? Fuck... if we made it to the dungeon room in—’

"Rees," Leon interrupted, snapping him out of his thoughts.

"Y-Yes ?" Rees looked up and noticed Leon has stopped moving.

"We’re at our destination." Rees turned—and froze. A massive cubical dungeon room stood before them.

"Get in and take us back," Leon ordered with a with a wide smile.

’Fuck... I lost the bet.’ Rees thought in his mind.

"Y-Yes, Sir." Rees entered the room without hesitation, followed by Leon, Fruela, and Leena.

Inside, the Frey Crystal began to glow green as ancient runes across the floor shimmered to life once again.

"Whoa... What is this place?" Leena asked in awe as she looked around the room and at the magic circle on the ground.

"Didn’t you read my journals ? I have written it there on how to read runic language." Rees replied as he looked at Leena.

"I did and I can read most of the runes in this circle... but what’s that rune ? I can’t read even a single incantation of it." She pointed to a single line beneath the crystal.

"Don’t bother. Even I can’t read it, it’s written in an unknown or very, very ancient language." Rees said, stepping toward the Frey Crystal—only to catch Fruela’s mocking smile.

"What ?" He asked stopping for a second.

"Master is intelligent, Skeleton. When he bet with that confidence... I knew he already had a way out. And yet, you still accepted the bet. Some scholar you are.

Stupid."

’I swear I’m never betting again... not against Mr. Leon. He really knows how to bend his words. He tempted me into the bet by showing me a dumb way to get out.

But, everytime that stick landed on the ground, it showed the correct path... how is that possible ?’ Rees groaned mentally as he couldn’t understand how Leon got them to the dungeon room.

But putting that aside, He began chanting in the ancient Elven tongue:

"Lani udna temao kunida, valtre omas. Sedrio, neni Kilma." As soon as he finished his sentence, the room rumbled as the runes flared up.

*Grrrrrrr—*

"Whoa! What’s going on !?" Leena asked with a confused and worried expression.

Suddenly, silence covered the whole room.

"We’re back," Leon said, approaching the door and noticing the stone stairs going down to the next floor.

"Mr. Leon, take the Frey Crystal with you. It’s too dangerous to leave it behind," Rees advised as he looked at Leon.

"Right," Leon said as he immediately ran upto it, picked it up and slipped it into his pocket.

"Oh, and Rees..." He turned with a smirk. "You lost the bet, remember ?"

"I remember that master Leon. I’ll honor the bet. Ask me anything. I’ll obey and answer without questions or asking for anything in exchange."

"Good, but you are still free to do whatever you want." Leo spoke as he vanished in an instant.

"H-How did he-!?" Leena asked as she turned around and looked at Fruela.

"Ask him... You are his problem now." Fruela spoke as she pointed towards Rees.

"Ugh..." Rees groaned as he looked at Leena.

---

Seventh Floor...

Swish!

Leon reappeared, spotting Elaine and Selene mid-discussion.

"Hello, girls. What are you—"

"YOU." Elaine shot to her feet, fuming as she marched toward him.

"This doesn’t look good," Leon muttered.

"Why is she here?" Elaine demanded, pointing behind him.

Leon turned—only to find Olga, completely naked, stepping up behind him. Her massive boobs bounced as she pressed herself into him, cupping his dick.

"Hello, Leon..." she purred with a smile.

"Hello... Olga." Leon spoke with a smile as his erection surged up, nearly ripping through his pants.

"Oh my god," Elaine growled. "You’re trying to fuck my son now? First you killed your own husband and child, and now this? Leon—step away from this slut."

"Uhm... I might have left out a few more details in the explanation that I have you before," Leon said, slowly turning to her.

"What ?"

"Should I give you a blowjob while you explain it to her ?" Olga asked sweetly, already untying his pants.

"That would help," Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201: The Elf Queen
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Kingdom, Royal Castle, Queen’s Chamber...

"Is it really true, Rendall ?" An Elf woman sitting in a dark corner of the dimly lit room asked as she readed a piece of paper.

"Yes, My Queen. I saw it with my own eyes." A voice came from above.

As soon as she looked up, she noticed a man hanging on the ceiling his eyes shining brightly green.

"Very well then... Call the first Prince to the conference room. Tell her that his mother wants to have a conversation with him." The Queen spoke with a smile.

"As you command, My Queen." The man replied as he started crawling on the wall like a spider and went out of the window.

The Queen slowly opened the piece of paper and looked at it again.

...And the words written over the paper were, ’Southern Border is completely Unprotected. Attack Fast.’

"This will be fun..." The Queen spoke with as she stood up and stepped into the light.

Long blonde hairs coming down to her hips, blue shiny eyes, a very smooth and fair skin tone.

She had huge boobs and a big pair of ass cheeks that can make any man mad with lust.

She wore a royal white and yellow gown and different magical rings in all ten fingers.

...

Ten minutes later, Confrence Room...

The Queen stood near the window and looked outside with a neutral expression.

*Knock-Knock*

"Come in." She replied in a low voice.

*Click*

The door opened up and a young Elf male entered inside the room. He had blonde hairs, blue eyes and a very attractive charisma, just like the Queen.

He immediately went down on one knee and greeted, "Good evening, My Queen."

"You don’t have to do that, Alfon. I haven’t summoned you here as your Queen." She spoke turning around with a smile.

"I see... How can I help you then, Mother ?" Alfon asked as he stood up and looked at her with a smile.

"Your third brother tried to attack a Human outpost a couple days ago... You may know about it, right ?" She asked with a neutral expression.

"I heard about it. He failed and turned into an even bigger disappointment." Alfon spoke as he looked at her.

"Yes... That’s right. He failed to prove himself and now it’s your turn, Alfon. Here is your chance... The southern border of the Human Kingdom is completely unprotected and if you attacked right now, I am pretty sure you can easily get inside the kingdom without much effort.

But, I don’t believe it... There is a very good chance that this can be a trap at last. So I will leave you with this information now.

Use it however you want, share it with your brothers or don’t share it... Take an army and attack the border or just go back and sleep, I don’t really care. I am going to go and sleep.

I will leave it to you." The Queen spoke as she immediately walked out of the room.

"Yes, Mother. Have a good night." Alfon spoke as a smile appeared over his face.

"Troy." He spoke in a low voice and suddenly, A man in black clothes appeared behind him.

"Master... You called ?"

"Go and give this to my stupid third brother for me and prepare our armies too." Alfon spoke as he handed over a paper slip to troy.

"As you command, Master." Troy spoke as he immediately disappeared once again.

*Swish*

"How can I go into battlefield without a shield ?" Alfon spoke with an evil smile as he turned around and walked out of the room.

...

Serandor Virelliam’s room,

Serandor is sitting on the bed and looking at the map of the human kingdom with a serious expression.

"If this line is secured with this many people... Then there has to be a blind spot on this forest corner.

No, No, No... What if there is a-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, he heard something near the door.

*Slide*

"Hmm...?" As soon as Serandor stood up, he noticed a letter that was slided under his door.

He immediately walked upto the letter and picked it up from the ground.

As soon as he opened the letter, the words over it were,

[The southern border of the Human Kingdom is empty and most vulnerable right now. Attack fast if you want absolute win.

- Someone who cares about you.]

"What non-sense ? That’s not possible. Why would the humans leave one of their biggest border open for attack ?" Serandor asked with a confused expression.

"Because they are humans, Master." Suddenly, a voice came from behind.

"Hmm...? Are you sure, Troy ?" Serandor asked as he immediately turned around with a serious expression.

"I have confirmed the news with my own eyes, Master. It will be a perfect time to strike." Troy replied in a confident tone.

"Very well... If that’s how they want to loose, then that’s how I will give it to them. Prepare a army of five hundred soldiers.

Two hundred Mages, Two hundred Archers and Hundred Healers. We will move immediately." Serandor spoke with a serious expression.

"As you command, Master." Troy spoke as he disappeared.

"It’s time to prove myself to mother." Serandor spoke with a serious expression as he immediately walked out of the room and noticed Alfon passing through his room.

"Hello, Little brother. You off to somewhere ? It’s about to be night you know." Alfon asked with a fake smile.

"Don’t that with me... Brother. I know who you are, so when you talk to me... Better take off that stupid innocent mask from your face.

You might not know this, but I have a really big news and you will hear it in about two hours. Just because I failed once... Don’t think I am out of the race for the crown." Serandor spoke with a serious expression.

"I see... Well, I will see you after two hours then. I am really sleepy after today’s work. Good night." Alfon spoke as he walked away.

"Night won’t be good for you, brother." Serandor spoke as he immediately started walking towards the exit gate.

...

30 minutes later,

Outside the Royal Castle, five hundred Elven soldiers mounted on their horses waited for the moving command.

*Clip-Clop-Clip-Clop*

Suddenly, A huge white shining horse with a spectral aura around it, stepped out from back and Serandor was riding on it’s back.

"MY SOLDIERS... TODAY, EITHER WE WILL KILL THE HUMANS OR-" Suddenly, he stopped speaking as a confused expression appeared over his face.

"Or What sir ?" The mage general asked with a confused expression.

"OR WE WILL KILL THE HUMANS. THAT’S THE ONLY ONE OPTION WE HAVE TONIGHT. LET’S GO." Serandor shouted as he touched his feet against the horse’s stomach and it started running forward.

The other soldiers immediately started following him without any questions.

*Clip-Clop-Clip-Clop*

*Clip-Clop-Clip-Clop*

*Clip-Clop-Clip-Clop*

...

"Why was he shouting so loudly at night ? He didn’t even give a good speech to motivate his soldiers.

What a dumbass." Alfon murmured with a smile as he watched everything from above.

"Master... Your army is ready at the backside of the castle. Would you like me to take out your spirit horse as well ?" Troy asked with a neutral expression.

"Let me ask you something, Troy. Where does your loyalty really stands ?" Alfon asked with a smile as he looked at Troy.

"With the Queen... Sir." Troy replied without any hesitation.

"I see... Go and bring me my horse then." Alfon spoke as his smile grew wider.

"Yes, Master." Troy spoke as he immediately disappeared.

"Bastard." Alfon spoke with a smile.

...

40 minutes later, Somewhere in the depths of the Vinceral Forest,

A human like figure was sleeping peacefully on the branch of a very huge tree.

*Flap-Flap*

Suddenly an owl that had eyes all over his head, landed on the branch right next to the sleeping figure.

"Elfs... Elfs... Elfs... El-" The owl started shouting repeatedly but suddenly the man woke up and grabbed the own by it’s neck.

*Flap-Flap*

The owl started flapping his wings in order to get out of his grip but all it’s efforts were useless.

"Where ?" The man asked in a very deep and scary voice.

"B-Border... S-Southern Border." The owl spoke as he didn’t dared to look into the man’s eyes even though he had eyes all over his head, he just closed all of them.

"Elven Flesh... It will be delicious, right ?" The man asked as he looked at the Owl.

"Y-Yes... Very tasty and Smooth. B-But they have big numbers... About five hundred of them." The owl informed as he immediately flew away after that.

*Flap-Flap-Flap*

"So less ? I have to eat every part then." The man spoke as he let go of the owl’s neck and stood up.

*Yawwwnn*

"Food... I want soft food." He spoke with a very wide and monstrous smile, while licking the corners of his mouth.

*Hup*

As soon as he jumped down from the tree... His figure started to get distorted and before he could’ve hitted the ground... He disappeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202: Mikael
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Southern Border, Human Kingdom...

Clip-Clop. Clip-Clop. Clip-Clop.

The heavy sound of hooves echoed across the open plains as hundreds of armored soldiers rode forward in formation.

"SOLDIERS!" Serandor’s voice boomed from atop his spirit horse. "TODAY IS THE DAY WE TAKE DOWN THESE IMBECILES AND RECLAIM THE LAND THEY’VE CURSED WITH THEIR WRONGDOINGS!"

With his bow raised high, he looked ahead toward the Truvale Checkpost. But what he saw made his proud expression stiffen.

The entire outpost was silent. No fires. No guards. No movement. Only a chilling stillness.

The soldiers, however, erupted in celebration the moment they noticed the absence of defenders.

"YEAHHHHHHHHHHHH!" They roared in unison, their morale surging at the sight of what appeared to be a deserted outpost.

Serandor narrowed his eyes. ’The reports were true... but why? Why would they abandon this checkpoint without a fight?’

His thoughts churned, but his mount did not slow. The rhythmic pounding of hooves continued, pulling him deeper into the quiet checkpost.

---

Behind Serandor’s army, Alfon’s battalion moved in eerie silence. Their disciplined march contrasted with the noisy excitement ahead.

Alfon watched calmly, his eyes sharp.

"Hmm... They’re already that far in. If the humans had laid any traps, they should’ve been triggered by now."

He paused, voice flat and expression unreadable.

"Looks like humans have truly gone dumb from fucking each other."

He raised his hand in a casual gesture. The army responded instantly, continuing forward with not a single word uttered.

---

As Serandor passed through the gates of the Truvale Checkpost, he noticed figures lying along the sides of the path—long queues of corpses covered in white clothes.

His instincts flared.

"STOP!" he barked, yanking back on his reins. His spirit horse skidded to a halt, snorting in frustration.

*Creeeeak*

The army halted behind him like a steel wave crashing into a wall.

A general approached, his brow furrowed.

"Sir... is something wrong ? Shouldn’t we charge forward ? The border is open."

Serandor’s eyes remained locked on the shrouded bodies.

"Something is wrong, Almus" he muttered with a serious expression.

Serandor dismounted swiftly, reached behind his back, and pulled his bow free. Without a word, he notched an invisible arrow, magic crackling at his fingertips.

As he drew the string, a wind arrow formed between his fingers, glowing faintly.

"Udna... Hulo."

Swish.

The arrow soared forward, not to strike, but to disturb. It released a strong wind current as it flew just above the corpses, tearing away the white sheets that covered them.

The moment the cloth was blown away, Serandor’s face twisted in horror.

"What in the name of the Gods happened here...?" he whispered, slowly stepping closer to one of the corpses.

The body was mutilated beyond recognition. The eyes were gouged out, the stomach ripped open, and the jaw snapped clean off. It wasn’t just murder—it was desecration.

Behind him, the general froze mid-sentence as he caught sight of the same gruesome scene.

"Sir... What is—" He cut off abruptly, stumbling back a step.

"W-What happened to them?" he asked, his voice cracking with disbelief.

Serandor stood back up, his face serious and grim.

"Even monsters wouldn’t commit such brutality, General we need to-" he said. As he turned to address the general—

But stopped cold.

There, standing directly behind the general, was a dark figure.

"General! Behind you!" Serandor shouted, pulling back his bowstring once again. A glowing green arrow sparked to life between his fingers. He aimed it immediately.

But the general didn’t turn around. He didn’t even blink. He just stared forward—eyes wide, frozen.

"General, are you—"

Before Serandor could finish, a thin red line appeared across the general’s throat. A heartbeat later, blood sprayed out as his head slid from his shoulders.

THUD—THUD.

The head hit the dirt. The body collapsed next to it.

"Fucking hell..." Serandor hissed. "Take this!"

He didn’t hesitate.

"Kilma Shoun—Invincible Death!" he chanted as glowing sigils raced down the shaft of his arrow. He loosed it.

Swish.

The arrow sliced through the air at blinding speed, a projectile empowered by advanced magic—designed to pierce through anything.

But the man didn’t move. He simply lifted his hand with even more incredible speed—

*Catch*

He caught the arrow like it was nothing and broke it.

*Stitch*

"...What the fuck?" Serandor muttered, lowering his bow in disbelief.

"WHO ARE YOU?!" he roared. "IDENTIFY YOURSELF!"

Hearing his voice, soldiers rushed over from the flank, dismounting quickly.

"What’s going on?" one of them asked.

"Something’s wrong. Might be an ambush—get ready!" another one barked.

The soldiers fell into formation instantly. Archers drew their bows. Mages began chanting. Healers stood at the ready to heal any injured.

But as they approached and saw the scene clearly, they stopped.

There was no enemy army. No monsters. No ambush.

Just one man. One single man.

Standing calmly in front of Serandor, and beside him, the mutilated corpse of their general.

The archers aimed. The mages activated buffs in order to make the arrows even more powerful. Everyone prepared for a deadly attack.

But, the man didn’t even flinch.

*Badump*

Serandor suddenly felt something as he immediately pulled his string again. This time, a red arrow formed—its glow so intense it cast light across the entire checkpost.

---

Far behind, Alfon’s eyes widened.

"HALT!" he shouted, raising his hand.

The soldiers behind him froze.

’That light... The Arrow of Juliana? Serandor may be reckless, but he wouldn’t unleash that unless he truly felt his life was in danger.’ Alfon stared at the distant glow with a hardened expression.

---

"This is your last chance," Serandor said, voice cold, bow trembling. "This isn’t just an ordinary arrow. If it touches you—you’re dead. So I’ll ask again. Who are you? What is going on here? Are you even human?"

The man finally moved.

"Do it."

"...What?" Serandor asked with a serious expression.

"Shoot the arrow. I want to die." The man replied. His voice was low. Calm. Unbothered.

He raised his head, revealing glowing, milky white eyes and a face partly hidden by an untamed beard. But most terrifying of all... was his smile. A wide, wicked grin stretching unnaturally across his face, it was if his smile was going all the way back to his ears.

Serandor’s hands began to tremble.

’W-Why are my hands shaking? Who the hell is this guy...?’

His instincts screamed at him to fire now—now—but he couldn’t.

The man tilted his head.

"Is it true?"

"W-What?" Serandor asked, still watching his own trembling hands.

"I heard Elven flesh is soft... and tender."

The man smiled wider, revealing jagged, monstrous teeth.

"KILL HIM!" Serandor roared.

The archers released a storm of arrows.

The man slowly turned toward them. Still smiling.

He opened his arms, welcoming the rain of arrows.

Stab. Stab. Stab. Stab. Stab. Stab.

His body was covered in arrows—from skull to leg. Dozens of them. No hesitation. No scream. Just stabbing sounds.

He didn’t fall even though all the enchanted and buffed arrows hitted their mark.

"Ah... Still nothing." He looked down at the arrows in his body. "Mikael... you still don’t feel anything."

His hand grabbed a bundle of arrows and yanked them out in one clean motion. The holes hissed, releasing steam as his body regenerated instantly.

The soldiers stared—some frozen, others trembling.

"SOLDIERS, HOLD YOUR GROUND!" Serandor shouted. "PREPARE URNA’S ARROWS! MAGES—SHIELDS, NOW!"

The archers began forming blue-glowing arrows.

> [Name: Urna’s Arrows.]

[Description: A cursed arrow. On impact, it explodes and temporarily disables the target’s ability to use or absorb magic.]

The mages responded, layering magical shields over the formation. A new wave of discipline replaced the fear.

Meanwhile, Mikael simply sat down, crossing his legs and resting his chin on his hand. Watching them. Smiling. Enjoying the fear in their eyes.

"SHOOT!" Serandor barked. He still held the Arrow of Juliana, pointed at Mikael’s back—ready to fire at a moment’s notice.

Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish—Swish

Stab—Stab—Stab—Stab—Stab

BOOM—BOOM—BOOM—BOOM—BOOM—BOOM

A wave of explosions rocked the checkpost. Blue smoke erupted from every detonation, thick and blinding.

---

From the rear, Alfon looked on, stunned.

"What in the hell is going on? Who are they fighting?! That’s not a skirmish... it’s a full-scale barrage! Are they ambushed ?"

He clenched his teeth.

"Dismount! Prepare for combat! We willove on foot from here!"

Step. Step. Step. Step.

His soldiers obeyed immediately, pulling out weapons and chanting spells as they marched forward.

"Bless me, Mother of All... I summon you—Sword of Justice, Oletta!" Alfon raised both hands skyward. A golden blade descended into his grasp, gleaming with divine light.

---

Cough. Cough.

As the smoke slowly cleared from the center of the checkpost, the archers’ eyes widened.

Mikael was still there.

Sitting.

Smiling.

Not a single wound on his body. Not a single drop of blood spilled.

Only his clothes were torn apart from the explosions.

"W-What is wrong with this... h-human?" Serandor stammered, sweat rolling down his face. "Why isn’t he dying?"

Mikael chuckled.

"Hehehehe... Now that the prey knows it can’t escape... it makes the hunt more fun."

He stood up slowly and began walking toward the formation of elf soldiers.

He reached the mage barrier shielding the archers and stopped in front of a kneeling female elf.

He smiled down at her.

"You look sweet... Hehehe."

He raised his hand, made a fist brought it down on the magic barrier with full force—then suddenly stopped right before it could’ve landed.

Instead, he extended his middle finger and—

Flick.

Crack.

Hairline fractures splintered across the barrier like glass with just a click of his fingers.

"No... NOOOOOOOOO!" Serandor screamed as his eyes widened in realisation—

And he released the Arrow of Juliana.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203: Dinner: The elven feast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"No... NOOOOOOOO!" Serandor screamed, his voice cracking with panic as he let go of the Arrow.

The sacred projectile burst forth with an explosive howl, moving faster than sound, flames raging from every angle like a meteor of divine wrath. The air distorted around it, heat shimmering violently.

But just as it reached Mikael—mere inches from impact with his back—

Crack

Catch.

With a casual flick of his wrist, Mikael twisted his hand backward in a creepy way and caught the burning arrow mid-flight without even looking at it.

He stared at it, unimpressed, as if it were some stupid kid’s toy.

"Hmm...? This is interesting, I can’t feel the heat as well." Mikael muttered, inspecting the sacred arrow of Juliana like it was a dull stone.

Serandor’s legs buckled slightly.

"W-W-What kind of c-creature are y-you...?" he stammered, eyes wide with absolute terror. Sweat poured from his forehead, and he instinctively stepped back, his bow trembling in his hands.

Mikael raised his head slowly. His expression twisted—not in amusement, but in pure disdain. "I’m not a creature." His tone dropped, his voice laced with fury. "My name is Mikael."

He began walking toward Serandor—slow, deliberate steps that made the ground feel heavier with each one.

Serandor’s breath hitched. "N-No... Stay away from me! S-Stay away!"

His fingers scrambled for control as he tried to draw his bow again and chant a teleportation spell, last desperate attempt to escape. But before he could even release the string—

Stab.

The very same arrow—his arrow—pierced straight through his palm and fingers. Mikael drove it in, locking Serandor’s hand to the bowstring.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Serandor screamed, voice echoing across the checkpost. Blood erupted from his palm, the arrow burning it from within. The pain was unbearable—like his nerves were on fire, his bones melting under divine heat.

From behind, the elf soldiers could only stare—frozen. Not one of them dared move. Not one of them breathed too loudly. All they could do was watch in horror as their prince writhed in pain.

Mikael leaned in close, his face emotionless, eyes glowing faintly.

"I said I’m not a creature," he whispered coldly. "Don’t ever call me a fucking creature again. My name... is Mikael. Understand that, you fucking elf ?"

Serandor’s entire body trembled. He couldn’t even scream anymore.

"I-I-I understand... M-Mikael..." he choked out, tears mixing with blood on his face.

"Good."

Without another word, Mikael raised his arm to chest level, his fingers stiffening like claws.

And then—

STAB.

CRACK.

He drove his hand straight through Serandor’s armor. Not a punch. Not a blow. Just his hand—piercing metal, flesh, and bone like paper.

"Gwahhh—!" Serandor gagged, spitting out blood as his eyes rolled back. His ribs shattered under the force. Mikael’s fingers wrapped around his beating heart.

"You will not kill the Lopez family," Mikael said calmly. "Only I will. I am the only one who will kill them."

Pull.

"W-Wha—"

Before Serandor could even finish the sentence, Mikael tore his heart out with a savage yank. The elf prince’s body slumped to the ground, lifeless, collapsing with a dull thud.

Mikael raised the still-beating heart, glowing with fading life essence.

He placed it into his mouth.

*Munch-Munch-Munch*

"Mnnnhhh~ Very delicious meat," he growled with a sick smile. Blood coated his lips as he lifted his foot and stomped down on Serandor’s corpse.

CRACK.

His boot shattered the elf’s skull—crushing the lower half of his face into a grotesque pulp.

Then, with animalistic glee, he reached down, ripped open the top of the skull, and pulled the brain out, chewing it like a delicacy.

The remaining soldiers stood paralyzed. Fear rooted them in place. Their hands shook. Some soiled themselves. And without a single word, they began to run—not scream, not shout—just run.

Silently, desperately, like prey escaping a predator.

But as they neared the checkpost’s exit—

Alfon appeared, flanked by his own troops.

"What the hell is happening here? Where is Serandor? Why are you running?!" he barked at the approaching elves.

One of the healers tripped forward. His face was pale, eyes hollow.

"S-Sir... Serandor is dead..." he whimpered.

"What?! Is the human army still inside?!" Alfon demanded, rushing to the healer.

"I-I have to run... I have to run..." the healer stammered, wide-eyed with panic. He shoved past Alfon and bolted in the opposite direction.

"What the—?! Catch him!" Alfon barked.

His guards surged forward, tackling the panicked healer. He kicked and flailed like a madman.

"No—no! You don’t understand! He’s a MONSTER! Please—I have a family—"

BITE.

In the blink of an eye, Mikael appeared behind him.

His maw opened unnaturally wide and clamped down on the healer’s neck with terrifying force. One bite—and half his neck was gone.

The crack of bone. The gush of blood. The healer died in a twitching mess, his body collapsing like a puppet with cut strings.

The blood splattered onto the surrounding soldiers—painting their faces, their armor. They staggered back in horror.

Alfon’s eyes locked onto Mikael.

"What in the bloody fucking hell are you...?" he growled.

Mikael didn’t answer. He simply kept chewing—tearing into the healer’s corpse like a starving beast, gnawing on organs, snapping bones between his teeth.

"Sir... should we kill him?" one of the soldiers whispered, trembling as he took aim.

"No." Alfon’s voice was cold. "Step aside. I want to see him... up close."

"B-But sir—"

"Step. Aside."

"Y-Yes, sir." The soldiers obeyed, reluctantly stepping back but keeping their arrows nocked.

Alfon walked forward, kneeling beside the horrifying sight. Mikael was elbow-deep in the elf’s chest, pulling out intestines and chewing them like ropes of meat.

"Do you have any idea what you’ve done... you stupid human?" Alfon asked, his voice low and sharp.

Munch. Munch. Munch.

Mikael didn’t respond.

Swish.

Alfon raised his holy sword, pointing it at Mikael’s heart.

"You have a heart, don’t you? Let’s see how you—"

STAB.

Without warning, Mikael grabbed the sword with both hands... and shoved it into his own chest.

The blade plunged straight through—front to back.

"Wha—what?!" Alfon stumbled back, eyes wide with shock.

"Nothing... useless," Mikael muttered, pulling the blade out casually.

SSSSSSHHHHH.

The wound sealed shut instantly, his body regenerating like clay reshaped by unseen hands.

He exhaled slowly.

"Fuuuuuuuuu~" A long breath escaped his mouth, releasing a hot plume of steam like a dragon awakening from slumber.

Alfon stood and backed away.

The truth was clear now—Serandor was dead, and this thing in front of him was no man.

’What is he...? He looks human, but acts like a demon. No—no, even demons have rules. This thing is... chaos made out of flesh.’

He gritted his teeth.

’I have to escape. To do that, I must sacrifice the soldiers.’

---

Mikael stood up, licking the blood from his fingers.

"Kekekeke... Elven meat is divine. So tender, so sweet. I might get addicted..."

He grinned.

"But now... I want to eat a female."

A cold wind blew through the ranks. Every elf soldier felt it—a freezing chill down their spines. Some dropped their weapons in fear.

"What do you want?" Alfon asked, forcing composure. "I’m the prince of the Elf Kingdom. I can give you anything with just a flick of my fingers."

Mikael looked at him and laughed.

"You speak big words for food." His voice was cold and condescending.

"But can’t you see? There’s nothing you can offer. All of you are mine. Tonight, I’ll feast. Then I’ll sleep."

Alfon’s disgust twisted into rage.

"You’re fucking sick. I’ll kill you tonight."

But inside, he was screaming: ’I need to get out. I can’t keep this bluff up much longer.’

Mikael’s eyes gleamed.

"You have guts. I’ll pull them out—slowly."

He paused.

"But... I’m not heartless. I’ll give you all one chance to survive."

He turned to the soldiers.

"Run. I’ll hunt you. Maybe... some of you will live."

He grinned.

"Kekekeke..."

The soldiers broke. No command. No hesitation. Just pure panic.

They turned and bolted in every direction.

Swish.

But before the second step—they froze.

Red lines slashed across their legs—clean, precise.

Then—collapse.

Every one of them dropped as their legs separated from their bodies.

"NOOOOOOOOO!"

"MY LEGS!"

"PLEASE DON’T KILL ME!"

"I CAN’T FEEL MY—AGHHHHHH!"

The snow turned crimson as their blood soaked into the ground. Their screams echoed across the mountains, sharp and desperate.

Some tried to crawl away with just their arms, dragging bloodied stumps behind them.

"Still crawling? Like worms? Hah... They aren’t even making as much sound, just like the humans did." Mikael said, watching with amusement.

"Now... what was that about killing me?"

Alfon clenched his fists.

"SOLDIERS! ATTACK HIM! KILL HIM!"

"YES, SIR!" The archers fired instantly, releasing a hailstorm of magical arrows.

Mikael looked at them—and smiled.

He turned to face the volley—

And closed his eyes.

STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB.

The arrows sank into his body. Again. And again.

Still standing.

"Hmm...? Is that all you—"

He stopped.

Alfon was gone.

"Ah... He ran?" Mikael muttered, licking blood from his lips. "Well... time to eat."

He strolled toward one of the surviving soldiers.

Without a sound, he shoved all five fingers into the man’s chest.

"N-No—No—NOOOOOO!" the elf screamed.

"Yes."

RIIIIIP.

The chest split apart like wet paper. Mikael pulled out the heart and devoured it instantly.

Then, he looked toward a nearby female soldier.

"You..." he said with a wide, bloody grin.

"Fuck... no." she whispered.

Thud.

She dropped her bow and ran.

She glanced back—he was still standing there. Smiling.

She turned again, heart pounding—only to feel a sudden sharpness in her chest.

Stab.

She looked up.

Mikael was in front of her.

"Are you going somewhere?" he asked softly.

And ripped her heart out in one swift motion.

THUD.

Nom-nom.

He began to eat her heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204: Will you leave us ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dungeon, Seventh Floor...

The torchlight danced along the stone walls, but nothing in the room was still.

Leon sat with his legs wide open, his thick, hard cock buried deep in Olga’s throat. He didn’t flinch. Didn’t groan. Just sat there like a king.

GWAK—GWAK—GWAK—GWAK—GWAK.

Olga’s face slammed down again and again, her slobber-slick lips stretching around his fat shaft. Her nose pressed against his pubic hairs, her jaw aching, but she didn’t stop. Her throat bulged, spit poured from her mouth, and her eyes streamed with tears.

She was tired but as Leon’s pre-cum mixed into her mouth... It kept making her greedy for his thick milk.

Her tits—big, soft, heavy—bounced wildly with every thrust. Drool and precum dripped down her chin and onto those tits, soaking them and making drops on the tips of her nipples.

Both her hands were stuffed between her legs, fingers furiously working her dripping pussy like she was trying to make herself squirt, just from the smell and taste of Leon’s cum.

Across from them, Elaine and Selene sat side by side—watching everything.

Selene stared at Olga, her legs crossed, voice slow and thick with disbelief and arousal.

"So... you’re telling me," she said, licking her bottom lip, "this bitch used to be village chief’s wife... and that stupid brat’s mother..."

She tilted her head slightly, eyes locked on Olga’s throat stretching around Leon’s cock.

"And now she’s down there choking on your dick like a useless cum-hungry slut ? How is she even taking it so deep into her throat ? That’s amazing." Selene continued with a serious expression.

Leon didn’t even blink. "That’s right. She is the village chief’s wife and that fat pig’s mother."

Selene raised a brow. "And she gave herself to you, why ?"

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Leon looked down. Olga moaned loud and slutty, trying to take him even deeper. Her face was red, tears dripping onto her fat, bouncing tits. Her soaked pussy squelched with every motion of her fingers, and her thighs were shaking with need.

A small thread of pre-cum was connecting the ground to her pussy.

"She begged," Leon said with a perverted smile. "Said she’d give me her body. Said she wanted nothing more than to be my cock sleeve. You can ask her if you want..."

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Olga gagged hard, then moaned as Leon shoved her head down and held her there, choking her for just a second longer.

Selene’s pussy clenched. She felt the arousal striking hard on her womb. Her nipples were hard, and her pussy was really soaked.

"Why did you kill her husband and her son, Leon ?" Elaine asked with a confused expression.

"You remember those assassins that visited us that night ?" Leon asked as he looked at Elaine.

"How can I forget them ? One of those bastards placed a fucking knife to my throat." Selene cut in but her eyes remained focused on Leon’ cock.

"I brought those assassins here and killed them. Before dying one of them told me that the Village Chief sent them to kill me.

I went to their house, killed both of them. It was simple. If they were thinking of killing me... It’s only fair for me to kill them because they failed." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yeah... I didn’t like her son. He used to look at me with weird eyes when he passed by the house." Selene spoke.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

Olga slammed her face down harder, her tits slapping against her chest, moaning like a desperate whore. She was fucking herself with her fingers at full speed now, grinding her thumb into her clit, trying to cum while her mouth was stuffed full of cock.

"How many have you killed Leo ?" Elaine asked with a worried expression.

"I don’t know... About five maybe." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Will you kill more ?" She asked in a worried tone.

"I will have to, but all I can promise you is that I won’t kill any innocent guy. I have future plans that will definitely require killing more people." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"What if something happened to you ?" Elaine asked.

"Oh... You don’t have to worry about that, Mom. You can trust me on this." Leon replied with a smile.

Selene shifted, letting her robe slide up her thighs. Her legs opened slightly, and the wet spot on her panties was impossible to ignore.

"How many more women are you going to fuck, brother ?" she asked, biting her lip as she looked at Leon with a perverted expression.

Leon smirked. "Oh... many more and I think some more woman will come to live down here."

"Will you stop fucking us then ?" Selene asked as she started sucking down on her middle finger.

Elaine leaned forward, voice shaking. "Yes, will you leave us for other woman ?"

Leon turned to her immediately.

"Why would I ?" he said. "You two? With your thick tits, wet little pussies, and fleshy asses ? You belong to me and I will never stop fucking you."

Selene shivered. Her hand slipped down and pressed against her pussy, right through the soaked fabric. She moaned loudly.

"Anhhh~ and will you... fuck us tonight?" she asked. "Please tell me you’re going to fuck us. I need that cock inside my pussy, I really can’t take much more."

She spread her legs all the way, her panties pulled aside to reveal her bare, soaking-wet pussy. It was pink, puffy, and leaking. Her fingers slid through her folds, collecting her juices before slipping inside. Her other hand groped her boob through the thin bodice, pinching her hard nipple.

"I’ve been wet since the moment I saw her choking on you," she groaned. "But you guys are talking so seriously, I couldn’t say anything.

But, enough is enough... I want that fat cock to fuck my pussy. Please fuck me."

"Oh well... since it’s already wet, maybe I will fuck you." Leon spoke with a smile, his cock twitching in Olga’s throat. Her gagging got louder, and her moans more frantic. She was finger-fucking her pussy so hard now, she was slapping wet noises into the stone floor.

Leon’s voice dropped. Dark. Commanding.

"Oh my would you look at this stupid bitch, she started sucking me even harder as soon as she realised that I am going to take it out from her mouth-pussy." Leon replied with a perverted smile as he started pulling his cock out of Olga’s mouth.

But she was really grabbing onto his cock with full force of her mouth. It was as if a vaccum cleaner was attached to it.

"Let go... Fucking Cum-Dump." Leon spoke as he forced his cock out and a popping sound rang inside the room as soon as it popped out.

"Anhhh~ More cock... I need more cock... Please Leon, I want more of this cock. I-I was about to cum... Please don’t do this to me." Olga spoke as she tried to take Leon’s cock back inside her mouth but Leon stopped her by tightly squeezing and twisting her nipples.

"Stupid bitch... Take this."

*Squeeze*

*Twist*

"Anhhhhhhh~ CUMMMINNGGGGG~" Olga shouted as she made an Ahegao face, her tongue rolling out, her eyes crossing in the middle and her nostrils getting bigger.

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTT*

She squirted like a broken fountain and released her cum shower on the ground.

"Anhhhh~ Yesss..." Olga spoke before she went unconscious again.

"Oopse..." Leon immediately caught her falling body while grabbing her thick fluffy tits into his hands from behind.

"I-Is she alright ?" Elaine asked with a worried expression as she looked at Olga.

"Don’t worry... She is new to sex and she does this very often. Infact, the last time I fucked her... She went unconscious and just woke up now." Leon spoke as he placed her on a stone bed.

"Elis." He spoke with a neutral expression.

"Master ?" Elis immediately appeared in front of Leon and bowed down to him.

"Take Olga back to the corner." Leon ordered.

"As you command, Master." The stone bed started moving towards the corner of the room once again.

"Hey Leon... Don’t you want to fuck your older sister’s pussy with that throbbing cock of yours and empty that milk inside my womb that can’t be impregnated ?" Selene spoke with a perverted tone as she looked at Leon and opened her pussy for him with her own fingers.

She placed one of her tit inside her mouth and squeezed it a little with her teeth, only to saw him the milk drops coming out.

"You know... There is still milk left in my cow like tits. I thought you wanted to drink some before going to bed and maybe while you drink it-"

"That’s enough." Leon spoke as he couldn’t control himself anymore and ran upto Selene.

He then placed his cock in front of her pussy’s opening and without any warnings, just rammed it inside.

*SLAP*

"ANHHHH~ Yessss~ My brother’s cock is inside my womb at last." Selene moaned as Leon grabbed both of her boobs and inserted them in his mouth.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhh~"

He then started fucking her like a male bunny rabbit. But suddenly, he felt a warm feeling around his balls.

"What the-!?" As soon as Leon looked down, he noticed Elaine sucking on his balls.

"Fucking Hell... I am fucking your brains out tonight." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he increased the pounding speed even more.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP -SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Yesssss... Keep fucking your sister’s slutty, bitch pussy. Turn me into your Cum-Dump as welllll~ ANNNNNNNNHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~" Selene shouted as she came a little.

Follow current novels on freewe(b)novel.c(o)m

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205: Choke me Daddy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dungeon, Seventh Floor...

SLAP—SLAP—SLAP—SLAP

"Ahhhh—AHHH—Fuck! Yes! More! Fuck me! Fuck my pussy!" Selene was on all fours, face down on the stone, ass up high, and Leon’s cock was wrecking her.

He was deep in her pussy, pounding her from behind like a beast. His cock slammed into her over and over, fat and heavy, driving all the way to her womb—smacking her insides raw.

Her tits bounced like crazy under her, thick and heavy, leaking milk with every slam of his hips. Leon had his hands on them, squeezing hard, using them like handles. Milk sprayed out in short bursts, splashing onto the stone bed below.

Selene’s moans were wild. Her eyes were rolling back. Her tongue hung out, drool dripping down her chin.

"You love this cock, don’t you?" Leon asked with a perverted smile, dragging his milk-covered hands up her throat.

She tried to answer, but her voice cracked. "Ahhh—Y-Yes—Fuck yes! I love it! I love my brother’s huge cock!"

He grabbed her throat and choked her, cutting off her scream. Her back arched, pussy clenching tight, her moans muffled as she shook under him.

He leaned in closer, his breath hot in her ear. "You’re just a slut. A filthy little bitch begging to get stuffed with my cum, aren’t you ?"

"Guhh—Yes—Yes—please—fuck me harder—" she moaned, barely able to speak.

SLAP—SLAP—SLAP

Her pussy was completely soaked and choked. The noises can be heard from the other corner of the chamber. Wet, messy, sucking sounds every time his cock slammed into her.

Off to the side, Elaine was watching both of them—her legs spread wide, rubbing her pussy like a little slut looking at her prize. Her fingers were soaked, dripping wet as she pumped them in and out of herself.

She was panting, eyes locked on Leon’s cock and thinking something in her mind while making a desperate face, ’Fuck... Look at that thing. Look at how deep he’s going... gods, I wanna feel that too in my pussy.

I want him to choke me like her, open my legs and fuck me with everything he has.’

"Oh fuck... I am going to cum." Leon spoke as he increased the speed of pounding immediately.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Leon grunted. His hands getting tighter on her hips now, slamming into her harder, rougher.

"Take this you slut." Leon spoke as he released his thick load of white cum inside her womb and forced more and more of it inside her, this time instead of pulling out his dick out, he pushed it in and since there was no place for it to escape, the cum started to expand the size of her womb like a balloon.

"Oh, Fuck Fuck Fuck... I am also cummminnggggg~" Selene came hard as her womb started to expand from all the cum, her scream echoing off the dungeon walls. Her pussy clenched around his cock, squirting all over his balls, dripping down her legs.

"Holy fuck." Leon spoke as he finally pulled his cock out of her pussy and noticed his cum squirting out of her pussy immediately.

"Phew... That was good." Leon spoke as he tapped his cock twice on her pussy before stepped down from the bed.

Selene on the other hand had already gone unconscious from such a powerful orgasm, her tongue is rolled out and her eyes rolled back like some broken slut.

"Now, Now... Who is next ?" Leon asked as he pointed his cock towards Elaine, who is standing on the side watching his dick like a cock hungry slut.

"I-I am... I want your cock... Please give it to me. I-I can’t wait anymore." Elaine spoke as she immediately took off all her clothes and got completely naked.

She immediately walked upto Leon, pressed her boobs against his chest and grabbed his cock in between her warm, soft, fleshy thighs and right below her pussy lips.

"My, My... What is this ?" Leon asked with a perverted smile as he looked at Elaine.

"This is my pussy rubbing your cock before you insert it inside me and chock me just like her. You will chock me, right ?" Elaine asked with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Oh I will chock you even harder... But, now that your thighs have already have my cock in-between them.

Why don’t you wipe off that semen from it...?" Leon asked with a twisted smile.

"What semen ? The one that you just filled my daughter’s womb with ?" Elaine asked with a perverted smile as she clenched her thighs tighter around his cock.

’Holy fuck... Her thighs can really squeeze good, even though they looked so soft and fleshy.’ Leon thought as his cock twitched a little.

"Here you go... Use my pussy and thighs as your cock cleaner." Elaine spoke with a smile as she slided her ass-cheeks back and wiped off all the semen covering Leon’s dick at once.

Even sqeezed out some leftover from his urethra.

"Fucking hell... You have become one perverted slut, mom ?" Leon spoke with a smile.

"Well... If I have to keep up with all these other woman that you are going to fuck in the future. I will have to think like a perverted slut.

In order to please you and your dick... Mommy will do anything. Just don’t stop fucking me... Do you understand ?" Elaine asked with a neutral expression as she placed her hand over Leon’s cheek and brought her lips closer to his.

*CHUUUUUU*

Leon crashed his lips onto hers and rammed his tongue inside her mouth immediately.

Elaine and Leon’s tongue immediately started playing around with each other as he groped her ass cheeks.

Her pussy lips continued to lick Leon’s dick as if they were trying to gulp it up without Elaine’s permission.

Suddenly, Leon grabbed her nipples and started pinching them tightly.

*Pinch-Pinch*

"Mnffff~ Mnhhh~" Elaine tried to moan but her moans were held back by Leon’s mouth.

"Hah... Well, haven’t you learned to kiss properly ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"You have kissed me enough and now I know what you like... Don’t I ?" Elaine asked with a smile as she immediately clenched her thighs around his dick’s tip.

*Clench*

"F-Fuck... Believe me, Mom. No other woman can catch upto you. Now, do you want me to cum in your thighs or-" before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Elaine placed her fingers over his lips.

"How can I waste such precious cum on my stupid thighs ? I want you to cum in my mouth, then in my pussy and then cum in between my boobs so that I can lick them off once I wake up tomorrow morning." Elaine spoke with a perverted smile.

But as soon as Leon heard this... His cock started twitching like crazy.

"I can’t take this anymore... You are one slutty mother. Open your pussy.... No, don’t bother. My dick will take care of it." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately pulled his dick out and inserted it inside her thighs once again, this time facing upwards.

"How are you going to find my hole without-" Before Elaine could’ve completed her sentence, she felt Leon’s dick touching her entrance.

"What were you saying ?" Leon asked with a perverted smirk as he gave a sudden thrust and rammed his cock directly up and inside her womb.

*SLAP*

"Anhhhhh~ I-It’s in my womb, It’s in my womb." Elaine moaned as she placed both of her hands over Leon’s chest in order to regain her balance.

"I know... I can feel the entrance ring of your womb around my dick’s tip and some of it is still outside." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Oh don’t-" Before she could’ve completed his sentence, Leon gave one more thrust and touched the back wall of her womb with his dick’s tip.

*Slap*

"F-Fuck... *Huff-Huff* I-I think... I am cumming. It’s like you are pushing all the air out of my lungs using your dick." Elaine spoke as she started huffing.

"Well... You wanted me to choke your pussy. That’s how it feels to get your pussy choked by my dick." Leon spoke with a smile

"Don’t pull it out... Grab my neck just like you grabbed her neck and bring your slutty mother to the bed just-"

"Say no more." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately grabbed her throat and started choking her hard.

"Anhhh~" Elaine moaned as she felt the air trapped in her body with Leon’s cock and she felt so good that she actually came a little from this.

*Squirt*

"Walk you filthy squirting slutty mother..." Leon spoke with a twisted smile as he pulled his cock out of her womb.

*Step*

As soon as Elaine took a small step to the side, Leon pounded his dick back into her womb’s back wall, making her stand on her tip toes.

"Anhhhhh~" Elaine moaned but her moans were getting low as she was enjoying Leon’s dick more and more but his hand was also choking her.

’Woman in this world are really not that great with sex. Most of them want a partner that can show them their place... A man who can dominate them and I am going to give them just that.’ Leon thought with a smile as he kissed her on open lips, while slapping his dick in and out of her womb.

*Chuu*

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

[Author: From this point, I will be uploading around 3-4 Chapters daily. There will be tons of woman that Leon is going to fuck.

Although the sex scenes will be a little shorter with the females that he is never going to have sex again. But those that he is going to fuck more in the future, sex scenes will remain same. It’s time to fasten the story pace a little.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206: The Map
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day, Afternoon...

"...ter."

"...aster."

"Master... Master."

*Blink-Blink*

"Hmm...?" Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed Elis standing besides him with a neutral expression on her face.

"I am up, Elis. What happened ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he woke up and started wearing his clothes.

"The bathtub is ready master." Elis replied.

"Hmm...? It is ?" Leon immediately stopped wearing the clothes and took off the ones he had already wore.

"Yes, Master... It’s in that corner of the room." Elis spoke as she started walking towards the corner.

Leon followed behind and noticed that the pool was in the east corner of the room.

It was completely inside the floor just like a hot spring and filled with warm water.

"You warmed up the water too ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Elis.

"Yes Master... That’s what you told me before. Should I make it cooler ?" Elis asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Hell no." Leon replied with a smile as he immediately walked forward and jumped into the pool.

*Splash*

"Fucking Hell... This is heaven." Leon spoke as he immediately sat down on one corner of the bathtub and started to enjoy the warm water.

But the splashing and his voice, woke up Olga, Reina, Elaine and Selene.

"Hmm...? What’s that sound ?" Olag asked with a confused expression as she looked at Reina.

"I-I don’t know." Reina replied with a confused expression.

"Hey... That’s Leon, right ?" Olga asked as she noticed Leon sitting inside the bathtub from a distance.

...

"Mom... Wake up, Did you hear the voices ?" Selene asked as she immediately woke up Elaine.

*Blink-Blink*

"Hmm... ? What happened ?" Elaine asked waking up with a confused expression.

"I think, I heard Leon’s voice coming from that corner." Selene spoke as she pointed towards the east corner of the room.

"I can’t see anything clearly... This place is so big." Elaine spoke as she narrowed her eyes and tried to look for Leon but failed to see anything clearly.

"Want to go there ? We haven’t been to that side since we came here. Maybe there is another women he is hiding in that place ?" Selene asked with a smile as she looked at Elaine.

"I don’t think there is another woman there, other than Olga." Elaine spoke with a smile as she immediately stood up and started walking towards the corner.

...

Meanwhile Leon just sat inside the hot bathtub and enjoyed himself to the fullest.

’Hah... This is the first bath that I have taken in the last month and it feels fucking amazing.’ Leon thought as he closed his eyes for a second but as soon as he opened them again... Olga was standing in front of him with a confused expression on her face and she is completely naked.

"What are you doing ?" Olga asked as she looked at Leon with a confused smile.

"Nothing... Just enjoying my hot bathtub." Leon replied with a smile.

"Hot bathtub ? What’s that ?" Olga asked with a confused expression.

"Why don’t you girls get in and see for yourself ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Oh... Okay." Olag replied with a smile as she immediately jumped into the bathtub.

*Splash*

"Hot Hot Hot... It’s so hot." Olga spoke as she immediately tried to get out of the bathtub.

"Calm down, darling. That’s why it’s called a hot bathtub... Now sit your ass down and let the water sooth your body." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Olga.

"But it burns." Olag spoke with an uncomfortable expression.

"It will at first then you will start to enjoy it." Leon explained as he looked at Reina and noticed that she is also looking at the water with a hesitated expression.

"Come on then... What are you waiting for ?" Leon asked.

"Y-Yes." Reina replied with a hesitated expression as she slowly stepped inside and surprisingly, she made a satisfied face with a big smile.

"You like it ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"It’s like I am in-"

"Heaven ?" Leon interrupted.

"Yes." Reina replied as she closed her eyes.

"We would also like to feel heaven." Elaine’s voice came from the other side.

Leon looked up and noticed Elaine and Selene are standing behind Reina with serious expression on their faces.

"Hello, Mom... Selene." Leon replied with a smile.

"Leon... Who is this woman ?" Elaine asked as she pointed towards Reina.

"Ah... Intresting story. I will tell you about her some other time. Right now... I have to go somewhere.

You guys enjoy the bath." Leon spoke as he stood up and walked out of the bath.

"I am going in then." Selene spoke as she immediately jumped inside the bathtub.

*Spalsh*

"Hey... Take care out there." Elaine spoke as she grabbed Leon’s hand and kissed him on the lips.

*Chuuuu*

"I will." Leon replied with a smile as he walked away after that.

"Hey mom... Get in here. It’s soooo good." Selene spoke with a smile as she looked at Elaine.

"Really ?" Elaine asked with a smile as she immediately jumped inside the bathtub.

*Splash*

"Hah... I need to get new clothes for myself and everyone else as well." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at his clothes.

After getting dressed up, he started walking towards the sixth floor.

...

As soon as Leon reached on the sixth floor... He noticed that Rees is sitting on the floor and he is staring at some of kind of paper.

"What are you doing Rees ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah... Mr. Leon, your timing can’t be better than this. I wanted to give you this." Rees spoke as he immediately stood up and walked upto Leon with the paper.

"Here." He then handed it over to Leon.

Leon took the paper and looked at it with a confused expression.

It looked like a map with a forest forest that was upside-down in front of a lake and there were white dots over the lake.

Following the dots to the right... There was an ’X’ mark made with red ink.

"What’s this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s a treasure map, Mr. Leon." Rees spoke.

"What kind of treasure ? And this map looks more like a five year old just drew it." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Snatched this map out of a dead corpse’s hand on a battlefield. It was a great war between the Dwarfs and Demonic Necromancers." Rees replied immediately.

"Necromancers ? Demons also know necromancy ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Oh... They know almost every magic we do. They have their own magic academies and power mages in preparation." Rees explained.

"In preparation for what ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"To attack all the other kingdoms and take over the world." Rees explained in a neutral tone.

"You speak it like it’s not big deal." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It will be several years before that happens, Mr. Leon. You don’t even have to worry about it.

All you need to worry about is this treasure... According to the dwarfs, this is the place where the body of the most powerful necromancer ’Regnor’ is buried and inside his body is his necroheart.

If you can find this necroheart... You will become the strongest Necromancer that ever existed in this world, Mr. Leon." Rees spoke in a very excited tone.

"Why do you say that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Because of your mana, Mr. Leon. Do you know why necromancers can’t grow strong ?

Because of their mana, you see... When you turn a corpse into an undead, it takes quite a lot of mana while re-animating.

The strength of an undead depends on how much mana the necromancer has invested in it’s corpse, while turning it into an undead.

You see when a necromancer turns a corpse into an undead, most of the times they just insert all of their mana into them because it can only be done once because they have a specific amount of mana on them.

So their undead can’t surpass them in power.

That wouldn’t be a problem with you since you have infinite mana... You can make infinite undeads with infinite power.

You can rule the world with this, Mr. Leon. I never really found a good use for this before but when I saw it today... The first thing I remembered was you.

If you can find it... I can’t tell you what you can do with it, but the problem is that no one has found it until this very day.

Some says that bloodlines of dwarfs and demons are still trying to find this thing." Rees explained.

Leon looked at the map and a smile appeared over his face.

"Control over the world you say ?" Leon asked as a smirk appeared over his face.

"Yes, Yes... Would you like to search for it ?" Rees asked in an excited tone.

"I will be back." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the exit door.

"Where are you going, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"To take care of somethings and get a stick. Pack your things... We will be leaving tonight." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Rees.

"As you command, Sir." Rees replied as he got excited.

’An army of undead... Wonder if I can fit them inside the dungeon.’ Leon thought with a smile before leaving.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207: Slave collar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After walking upto the fifth floor, Leon noticed that the dark elf women are making lunch and the kids are playing in the other corner of the room.

"Something smells good." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at them.

"I greet you, Master." Fruela spoke as she appeared in front of Leon and immediately went down on her knees.

"Hello, Darling. I am going to the weaver household and I want you to come with me." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Ah... Absolutely Master." Fruela spoke as she immediately started following Leon.

"Where is Dusk ? I haven’t seen him for the past two days." Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Fruela.

"I don’t know, Master. I think he was on the third floor, when I last saw him." Fruela replied with a neutral expression.

"Take me to the third floor." Leon spoke as he touched Fruela’s shoulder and both of them disappeared instantly.

*Swish*

....

Third Floor,

As soon as Leon appeared on the third floor, he immediately felt a sharp sensation on the back of his head.

*Swish*

"Step back." Leon spoke as he pushed Fruela aside and a volley of very sharp needles passed from the same spot that they just landed on.

*Tink-Tink-Tink-Tink*

All the needles hitted the front wall and broke on contact. But as soon as they broke, a green liquid flowed out of them.

"What the fuck was that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

*Swish*

Suddenly, Elis appeared in front of Leon.

"Master... These are the traps that you ordered me and Sir Rees to set up." She explained.

"Why are they going off on me, Elis ? I am the dungeon master." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"These traps are set to go off as soon as anything enters inside the room, Master.

Since they are still in testing, they might’ve triggered even by your presence. I will immediately disable them, Master." Elsi spoke as she placed her hand on the ground and disabled all the traps.

"What are the other traps in this room ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"As soon as the target enters inside the room and steps on any of those starting three stone slides, this trap will be triggered." Elis spoke as she pointed towards the room’s entrance.

*Slide*

One of the three tiles near the entering area, went inside the ground and suddenly, a big blade that was hidden in the gate’s frame dropped down with an extreme speed.

*THUD*

"Fucking... Hell. That’s leathal for enemies who aren’t using any defensive spells." Leon spoke with an amused smile.

"There is one near that wall as well master... If you can just step aside." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon.

"What is it ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"It’s one of the most extreme traps we have placed on this floor, Master." Elis replied as she looked at Leon.

"Okay... Don’t tell me what it is. Just activate the trap, I want to see if I can survive it." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Elis.

"As you command Master." Elis spoke as she immediately raised her hand and a dim blue light appeared on the other side of the room.

"What the-!?" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he noticed a magic enchanted coming towards him with full speed but it wasn’t fast enough to hit Leon.

*Step*

He just simply stepped aside and dodged it with ease.

"Was that it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he turned to look at Elis.

But as soon as he turned, he noticed that the same arrow is coming at him from the back this time.

"What the..!?" Leon took a step back once again and dodged the arrow but as soon as he stepped back... A tile under his leg slided down.

"Fuck." Leon spoke as he immediately looked around and noticed that nothing had happened.

"Will it activate once I take my leg off of this stone tile ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Elis.

"No master... It’s already activated." Elis replied as she looked at the left wall of the room.

Leon and Fruela also turned to the left and noticed that the wall that was mounted over the wall was coming closer to them very fast.

"This-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, both of the room’s side walls closed in on him with full speed and stopped just inches away from his shoulders.

"Obviously if this was an enemy... He would’ve been already dead, Master." Elis replied as she flicked her hand and both of the walls immediately started moving back to their original positions.

"Walls that can move really fast and easily crush the enemies. That’s a good one." Leon replied with a smile.

"I will evolve soon master... Once I do, we will be able to install more traps and you will also gain a significantly higher level of power inside the dungeon." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Well then... Evolve fast, Darling. Now... I have some work to do, so we will be leaving for now." Leon spoke as he looked at Elis.

"I will be awaiting your return, Master." Elis spoke as she immediately bowed down to him.

"Take me out of the dungeon." Leon spoke as he touched Fruela’s shoulder and both of them disappeared immediately.

...

Outside the dungeon, even though it was afternoon... The weather was dark and snow was falling heavily.

*Swish*

Leon and Fruela appeared outside the dungeon and they were knee-deep buried in the snow.

"This fucking weather." Leon spoke as he immediately walked out of the snow. Fruela did the same and both of them started walking towards the kingdom.

Although there were some carriages still running in the harsh weather, but most of them were private and they had to walk all the way to the kingdom.

After entering inside the kingdom, Leon noticed that all the shops were closed and no one was in the market.

"Hmm... The market isn’t open in the afternoon ? That’s odd." Leon thought with a confused expression as he looked around and noticed an old man walking towards the frozen fountain with two candles in his hand.

"Umm... Excuse me ?" Leon asked as he immediately walked upto him.

"Hmm...?" The old man looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Why is the market closed ?" Leon asked.

"Don’t you know ? Most of our soldiers have died on the Truvale Checkpost yesterday, due to a monster wave.

Two of my sons were there... I am going to light candles for them at the fountain." The old man spoke as he looked at Leon and moved forward.

’A monster wave ? I have seen them in comics and games. Didn’t knew that they existed in this world.

But, it’s a magical world... I guess anything can happen. But... Dusk said that most of the monsters go into hiding when winter arrives.

Then how come a monster wave attack us and how big was it that killed most of the soldiers ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Master... Should we go ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Yes." Leon replied as he started walking towards the noble street.

’I should ask Justin about this... He should be able to tell me something.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

...

After walking for about ten minutes, both of them reached near the entrance of the noble streets.

Fruela immediately disappeared and Leon walked upto the gates.

"Kid you should really wear something heavy over those clothes. The weather is getting really cold these days." One of the guard spoke as he looked at Leon and opened the gates.

"Thanks for the concern. I will buy something to wear over it." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Good for you." The guard replied.

...

Leon entered inside and Fruela re-appeared behind him just like a shadow.

"Is that stealth ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Fruela.

"Shadow Walking, Master. Kind of a stealth skill." She replied with a neutral expression.

"Good." Leon replied with a smile.

...

After walking for about five minutes, Both of them reached in front of the weaver household.

Fruela disappeared once again and only re-appeared when Leon had entered inside the house from the backdoor.

*Chop-Chop-Chop*

*Tink-Tink-Tink-Tink*

...

As soon as he entered inside the house... He noticed that the Chefs in the kitchen looked very scared and they were working really fast.

’What the hell happened to them ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

Suddenly Leon noticed something over the neck of a maid, he slowly walked upto her from behind and gave it a closer look.

The thing in her neck was none other than a slave collar.

"Fucking hell..." Leon spoke in a low voice and the maid got scared immediately.

"N-No, N-No... Please don’t hurt me." She shouted loudly dropping the pot of hot soup on the floor.

*TANG*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208: Selfish Mother.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, Hey, Hey... Calm down. Who did this to-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Adeline walked into the kitchen with a serious expression on her face.

"Leon Luster... You are coming with me. Now." She spoke in a loud and serious tone.

As soon as Leon heard this a serious expression appeared over his face.

"Yes." He replied as he started walking towards Adeline.

As soon as they get out of the kitchen, Adeline looked both sides in the corridor then turned around to look at Leon.

"Things are fucked up, Leon." Adeline spoke with a worried expression.

"Okay two things... First of all, if you ever shouted like that on me ever again, I will do something that you will not like and secondly... I think I might have a vague idea of what happened.

Justin’s mother forced all the servants to wear slave collars, so that she can prevent the news from leaking outside, right ?" Leon asked with a calm expression.

"She gave them a choice... Either leave or stay alive while wearing the collars. She promised that there will be no other limitations but they will be prohibited from saying a word about what they saw today and their families will stay healthy too." Adeline explained as she looked at Leon.

"She is given hidden threats in not a very hidden way, huh ?" Leon asked as a smile appeared over his face.

"What are you smiling about ? These people haven’t gone home for the last twenty four hours.

They have to leave sometime, don’t they ? And once they do, their families will ask why they have a fucking slave collar in their necks.

If questions started to rise... I am pretty sure she will get them all and I mean their families as well, killed." Adeline spoke with a serious expression.

"It’s not like me smiling affects the situation. How come you don’t have a slave collar ?" Leon asked with a confused smile.

"She walked upto me with wide and crazy eyes and asked me in a very serious and scary tone, ’Adeline... Can I trust you ?’ and I had to say ’yes, ma’am. You can trust me.’ because I think she was holding a fucking knife behind her back and if I had said something else, she would’ve stabbed me with it.

So, I didn’t get one of those slave collar things, but now she thinks I am her bitch and I will do everything she tells me to do." Adeline spoke with a serious expression.

"Isn’t that what headmaids do ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"That’s not the point, Leon. Please do something about this... These servants are afraid that as soon as they leave the mansion there will an assassin waiting for them outside." Adeline spoke with a worried expression.

"Fine, Fine... I will do something." Leon replied with a smile as he started walking towards the first floor.

"Wait... Where are you going ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression.

"To talk to Justin and his stupid mother." Leon replied as he immediately started walking up the stairs.

...

As soon as Leon reached on the first floor, he immediately entered inside Justin’s room without knocking.

*Click*

*Thud*

After entering Leon closed the door and noticed that Justin was sitting on the ground in a lotus position and seven fireballs were hovering around his body.

"Well... Looks like you have mastered something huh ?" Leon asked with a smile as he walked upto Justin.

"Hah..." Justin let out a warm breath from his mouth and suddenly all the fireballs disappeared.

"I was trying to learn a three circle spell, Mr. Leon. Magic is really hard and nothing like it’s written in the books." Justin spoke as he stood up and looked at Leon with an exhausted expression.

"I just heard what your mother did to the servants." Leon spoke as he looked at Justin with a neutral expressions.

"Yeah... My brother is coming home today and she doesn’t want the news to get out at any cost.

I did exactly what you told me to do and said all the same things, but I think she is probably going to tell my brother that it was all my plan." Justin replied as he looked at Leon with a calm expression.

"It’s good that now you can keep your calm while talking. Two days ago you were just a pussy." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yeah... All this mana flowing through my body and the spells that I learned in the past two days have given me some real good confidence.

It feels really good." Justin replied with a smile.

"Good... come, let’s have a talk with your mother." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the door.

"But what do I have to say ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"I will do the talking today." Leon replied with a neutral expression as both of them exited the room and started walking towards the right side of the corridor.

...

"This one right ?" Leon asked as he pointed towards Justin’s parent’s room.

"Yep, that’s the one." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

*Knock-Knock*

"Mrs. Weaver... are you home ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Who is it ?" An angry voice came from inside.

"I might have a solution to all your problems. If you open the gate-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence...

*Click*

... She opened the gate and noticed that Leon and Justin ate standing outside the room.

"What the hell do you want ?" She asked Justin with a serious expression.

"Nothing... Mr. Leon here wanted to have a talk with you, Mother." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"Mr. Leon ? You mean this butler ? I don’t want to talk to stupid goddamn butlers, I am way to busy for this.

Go to Adeline and she will give you your collar and tell you the terms of-" Before she could’ve closed the door, Leon placed his feet in between the door and stopped it from closed.

*Thud*

"What the hell do you think you are doing ?" Althea asked with a serious expression.

"I will kill Jamie Weaver if you closed that door in my face old bitch." Leon spoke while maintaining a neutral smile on his face but Justin chuckled a little under his breath.

<Bluff>

"What the hell did you say to me ? Do you have any idea who you are talking to right-" As soon as Althea’s voice started to get louder, Leon’s expression turned serious.

"If you don’t let us in immediately... I will take this news to the Royal Castle and tell the king about what you did to the servants." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Are you going to let this imbecile talk to your mother like this ?" Althea asked as she looked at Justin.

Justin didn’t speak anything and continued to stare at her with a neutral expression.

"You think the king cares about the Commoners ? He will just ignore you." Althea spoke as she looked at Leon with a serious expression.

"Oh... I won’t be the one to report this. Justin will be the one and I am pretty sure the words in his letter will be, ’My mother has gone mad and enslaved every servant in the house, removing the boundary that the king settled between commoners and slaves.’

Your husband will throw you out like garbage and your noble status will be ripped off. You will sell your body in some brothel like a cheap old whore." Leon spoke in a dark tone and his words sounded even more real from before because of the skill <Bluff>.

Althea’s heart started beating faster as the fear of words started crawling inside her.

"So... Can we come in now ?" Leon asked as his creepy smile returned once again.

Althea stepped aside but didn’t speak anything.

Leon and Justin immediately entered inside the room and closed the door behind them.

*Click*

"What do you want ?" Althea asked with a serious expression.

"You will free all the servants from the slave collars." Leon spoke maintaining his smile.

"I can’t do that... They will spread the news everywhere. Jamie’s reputation will be ruined.

He is the successor of this house and his reputation is Weaver Household’s reputation." She replied with a serious expression.

"You are one selfish mother you know. You only want Jamie to succeed because you trained him for this day from childhood.

Once he becomes the leader of this house, you will declare Weaver Household’s alliance to Yumer House or should I say your brother’s two star noble House.

You are just using Jamie as a tool to do that." Leon spoke with a smile.

"T-That’s non-sense... D-Do you anything to prove your words ?"

"Your breaking words are more than enough as proof but I will get some real ones from your brother.

Now, I am not interested in that... Because I am more interested in seeing what are the thoughts of Mr. Weaver, on this thing." Leon replied with a smile.

"H-He will never b-believe the words of a stupid butler." She replied with a serious expression as she sat down on the couch and took a sip of water.

Sweat started accumulating over her forehead and her hands started shaking.

"He will believe his son’s words." Justin spoke up from behind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209: I am not stupid kid.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"He will believe my words." Justin spoke up from behind.

Althea didn’t speak anything, she just turned to look at Justin with a serious and hateful expression.

"I am used to those eyes, mother." Justin replied with a smile.

"He is manipulating you, Justin. Can’t you see it ? Are you fucking blind ?" Althea shouted as she stood up from the couch.

Justin didn’t reply and continued to stare at her with a neutral expression.

"Switch sides..." Leon spoke as he looked at Althea.
NovelFire

"What ?" Althea asked with a confused expression.

"Justin will become the successor of this house with or without your support but if you take his side right now.

You can announce the alliance to your brother’s house once he becomes the leader, I don’t care about that." Leon spoke as he looked at Althea.

"Jamie will kill him once he comes home." Althea spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

’Well, she was easy to bag.’ Leon thought as a smirk appeared over his face.

"Well, he fucked his wife... That’s just fair." Leon replied with a smile.

"I don’t want the reputation of this house going down before declaring the alliance." Althea spoke with a serious expression.

"Well... I can take care of that and make sure to free the servants." Leon spoke as he stood up and started walking towards the door.

"Wait..."

"Hmm...?" Leon turned around and looked at Althea with a confused expression.

"What’s your name again ?" She asked with a serious expression.

"Leon... Leon Luster." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

Leon just smiled and exited the room with him.

*Click*

*Thud*

...

"Wow... That was amazing Mr. Leon. I haven’t seen my mother get dominated like this, not even by my father." Justin spoke with a smile.

"Once you become the leader... We will dispose of your mother by telling her little secret to your father." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Justin.

"What ? Why ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"Just like she said, we don’t want this house’s reputation to go down and if you declared alliance to a two star house, your reputation is bound to go down.

Now go and rest. I will be back soon and did you sent the letter to your father ?" Leon asked as he looked at Justin.

"Yeah, my father would be coming home any minute now." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"Good... Today, you will become the successor of your house. So, get wear good clothes... I want you in your best attire today." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Yes, Mr. Leon." Justin replied with a smile as he immediately went back into his room.

After this Leon started walking towards Emilia’s room.

But suddenly, Adeline grabbed his hand and pulled him onto the stairs.

"Enough of this..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he immediately grabbed her hand tightly and pinned her to walls.

*Thud*

"H-Hey... W-What are you doing !?" Adeline asked with a flushed expression as she looked at Leon.

"Well... If you can pull me to the sides anytime, why can’t I do this ?" Leon asked with a perverted smile.

"A-Are you going to do s-something with me ?" Adeline asked as her heart started racing and her ears started to rune crimson red in embarrassment.

"No, I am just kidding. What’s up ?" Leon spoke with a smile as he let go of Adeline.

"You jerk. I want to kill you so badly." Adeline spoke as she immediately covered her red face with her hand.

"Hey, if you are going to pull me like that... I will do this everytime. Now, why did you pull me ?" Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"What happened inside that room ? I heard some loud noises when you were outside and then you went inside.

Are the servants free to go ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah, the servants are free to leave and you can also remove the collars from their necks." Leon replied with a smile.

"Phew... That’s such a relief. Thank you Leon." Adeline spoke as she immediately went on her toes and kissed Leon on the left cheek before going down the stairs.

*Chu*

*step-step-step-step-step*

"What’s wrong with her ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he turned back and continued walking towards Emilia’s room.

...

After stopping in front of her room, Leon slowly raised his hand and knocked in a certain pattern.

*Knock-Knock*

*Knock-Knock-Knock*

*Knock-Knock*

"Come in... It’s open." Emilia’s voice came from inside the room.

*Click*

He opened the door and entered inside with a neutral expression on his face.

"Hello, Emilia." Leon spoke with a smile as he noticed Emilia sitting on the bed and reading a book.

"Hello, Leon." Emilia replied with a smile as she stood up and started walking towards him.

"I hope, I have done my part right." Emilia spoke as she walked upto Leon and placed her hands over his shoulder.

....

Two days ago, Emilia’s room...

Leon placed the tea in front of Emilia.

*Sip*

"Hmm...? This smells different. Not my usual tea ?" Emilia asked as she looked at Leon.
NovelFire

"Ma’am... This is a new kind of tea made from a rare plant named Olfer’s Drought." Leon replied with a smile.

"Olfer’s Drought huh ?" Emilia asked with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Yes, Ma’am." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Odd... I haven’t heard the name of this herb or plant and I know all the plants. Even the ones you used to make moonrush aphrodisiac and placed it inside this tea.

I am not stupid Mr. Butler kid. Even though I may look like one, but I am not." Emilia replied with a smile.

"Now... Would you like to tell me why you wanted me to drink this tea that will turn me into a sex crazed woman ?

I am pretty sure, you aren’t here to have sex with me. You just want me to drink the tea... But why ?" Emilia asked with a confused and calm expression.

"Because I want you to get fucked by Jim weaver." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Emilia.

"Wow... Such bold words coming from a kid. You are not ordinary butler, huh ?" Emilia asked with a smile.

"Why aren’t you scared ? Any other woman would’ve been calling the guards by now." Leon asked with a smile.

"You are holding a weapon behind you and I am pretty sure you will not hesitate to use it if I tried to call the guards.

As I said, kid... I am not an idiot." Emilia replied with a smile.

Leon slowly brought his hand forward and showed one of the Nyxter’s blade that was hovering over his palm.

"So... Why do you want me to make physical relationships with Jim weaver ?" Emilia asked.

"To take him out of the successor’s race and your husband too. But, looks like I have to make another plan." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he placed the blade of Nyxter back into the inventory.

"You want to make Justin the leader of weaver household ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Yes." Leon replied.

"Why ?" She asked with a confused expression.

"Because I have given my word." Leon replied as he started to stare at her cleavage.

"I hope my husband had just a little of your honour." Emilia replied with a smile.

"Hmm...?" Leon immediately looked at her with a confused expression.

"Yeah, he is having relations with some whore on the border." Emilia replied with a neutral expression.

"Haha..." Leon chuckled a little as he looked at the floor.

"Why are you laughing ?" Emilia asked with a confused smile.

"I knew he was having an affair... I mean, how can someone leave such an amazing and beautiful woman to go and heal some stupid soldiers on the border." Leon replied with a smile.

"Well... Aren’t you one cute guy ?" Emilia asked with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"I am ? I just tried to give you Moonrush aphrodisiac." Leon asked with a smile.

"Look... I want out of this stupid mansion. I was married to Jamie against my will and that stupid son of mine doesn’t even come home to meet me.

I am looking at those stupid flowers for the last three years. I want to do something useful with my life." Emilia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"I mean, you can just sleep with Jim and I am pretty sure they will throw you right out." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Emilia.

"I don’t want to sleep with that stupid guy. He is being controlled by a charmer.

I mean what’s the point of being son of such a big Household if you can’t even keep yourself safe from a stupid charmer bitch." Emilia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Well then... I am out of ideas and I am pretty sure Jim will be here soon." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Hey... I have an idea. That can make both of our plan work." Emilia replied with an excited expression.

"Hmm...?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210: Gregory Weaver
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What’s the idea ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Emilia.

"I have something, wait here." Emilia spoke as she went to the balcony of her room and brought back a small purple coloured plant.

Leon immediately used his skill on the plant,

<Inspect>

[Name: Renre Glove]

[Rank: D]

[Description: A rare plant only found in the forests of Demon kingdom or Inside realm gates. If the leafs of this plant are burned they will release a special odourless essence that can create extremely real hallucinations in the minds of nearby targets.]

"This is-"

"Renre Glove... A special plant that can only be found in Demon Kingdom or Inside realm gates. It can create extremely real hallucinations once it’s leafs are on fire." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately understood her plan.

"Wow... You really know a lot about plants huh ?" Emilia asked with surprised a smile.

"So, when he comes in your area going to hallucinate him into thinking that he is having sex with you, is that correct ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes, exactly but how were you planning to prove this to my husband ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Do you know how to fake moan ? Loudly." Leon asked with a wicked smile.

"Wow, you are one evil man." Emilia replied with a smile.

....

Back to present,

"So... What happens now ?" Emilia asked with a smile as she walked upto Leon.

"Your husband will come home and I really hope you have a good enough speech ready for him." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Oh I have the best of the best ready for him. But the thing is once I get kicked out of this house... I will have no money or a place to stay." Emilia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"I have a big enough place for you to stay. But, things get heated down there... So, you will have trouble in sleeping." Leon replied with a perverted smile.

"Hmm... You know I may not be young and slim like those magic academy girls. But, I can easily tell that you really want to bury your face in my cleavage and if you give me a place to stay, you might really get to do it." Emilia spoke with a seductive smile as she pulled her blouse down and revealed more of her cleavage in front of Leon.

"Hah..." Leon sighed as he shaked his head.

"What ? Don’t tell me you aren’t interested in me." Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Do you really think, I am a virgin ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I just made a fool of myself, didn’t I ?" Emilia asked as she looked at Leon.

"Don’t worry... I am still very interested in your body." Leon replied with a smile as he wrapped his hands around her waist in a very smooth way.

"Wow... That was-"

*Pull"

"Anhhh~x

Before she could’ve completed her sentence, he pulled her in and looked at her with a smile.

"Jamie must be one stupid son of a bitch to never return to such a beautiful woman." Leon spoke with a smile as he slowly placed his hand on her cheek and slided it all the way back to her nape.

*Thump-Thump-Thump-Thump*

Suddenly, Emilia’s heart started pounding at an incredible speed, her face started to turn red and she felt love juices dripping her panties wet.

"Master... They are here." Suddenly, a voice came from above.

Leon and Emilia both looked up and noticed Fruela standing upside-down on the ceiling.

"A dark Elf ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"She is with me. Both of them are here ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes, Master. Both carriages have arrived just now." Fruela replied.

"Well then... Time for some action." Leon replied with a smile as he let go of Emilia and started walking towards the exit door.

"What if he starts to hit me ?" Emilia asked as she looked at Leon.

"That’s why she will stay here with you. Darling, if her husband tried to touch her... You know what to do right ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes, Master." Fruela replied with a serious expression.

"Good." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately left the room.

*Click*

"What are you going to do with him if he tried to hit me ?" Emilia asked as she looked at Fruela with a confused expression.

"Cut his hand or his dick maybe." Fruela replied with a neutral expression as she pulled her purple blades out and showed them to Emilia.

"Wow... You are one serious piece of work." Emilia spoke with a serious expression as she went back to the bed.

...

As soon as Leon exited the room, he walked through the first floor’s corridor and noticed the head of Weaver Household, Gregory Weaver walking inside the house with a serious and angry expression on his face.

"Althea, Where are you ?" Gregory shouted in a loud voice as he looked up at his room.
NovelFire

*Click*

"D-Dear... Y-You are back !?" Althea asked in a broken voice as her heart skipped a beat from fear.

"Come down here right now, Jim and Justin... You too." Gregory shouted loudly with an angry expression on his face.

"WHERE IS THAT FUCKING BITCH ?" Suddenly a loud voice thunderd from the front gate as they opened up.

A man in his thirties with long red hairs to his shoulder, fair skin tone, a pair of goggles on his eyes and a shining sword in his hand, entered inside the house.

He was very furious and emitted a very powerful aura from his body.

"Jamie... S-Son, wait... Don’t do something rash. I am coming down." Althea spoke with a worried expression as she immediately started running towards the stairs but as soon as she noticed Leon standing on the other side of the corridor, a disgusted expression appeared over her face.

A smirk appeared over Leon’s face and he winked at her.

*Wink*

"Fucking Bastard." Althea cursed under her breath as she started descending down.

"What are you doing here, Jamie ? And why are you holding a sword in your hand ?" Gregory asked with a serious expression as he looked at Jamie.

"Father. I have been betrayed Emilia and I am going to kill that bitch today." Jamie spoke as he immediately started walking towards the stairs but before he could’ve placed his foot on the first stair, a deadly aura burst out from Gregory’s body.

*BOOOOOOOOM*

’What the fuck is wrong with his aura ? I can barely stand and breathe. Now, I understand why the weaver household is a five star household.

This old man is not a normal guy.’ Leon thought as he immediately used his skill on him.

<Inspect>

[Name: Gregory Weaver]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 300,000/300,000]

[MP: 650,000/650,000]

[Description: Gregory Weaver is one of the strongest mages in the whole human kingdom. He is also known as the Gentle Sage.]

[Title: {Admired Demon Slayer} { The Calm one.} {Wrath Killer} {Oath Keeper}]

’What a fucking monster. That’s why Althea fears him so much.’ Leon thought as his eyes widened in surprise.

"Put... Your weapon down, Jamie. There will be no deaths in this house today." Gregory commanded as his eyes shined brightly red.

It was as if flames are glowing inside his eyes.

"B-But... Father. S-She bet-" Before Jamie could’ve completed his sentence, Gregory raised his hand towards him.

*Tang*

"I-I am sorry, F-Father." Before Gregory could’ve done anything, Jamie immediately dropped the sword and went down on his knees.

"That’s why I fear him so much." A low voice came from behind.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed Justin standing behind him with sweat on his forehead.

"Why are you sweating, Justin ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Didn’t you see that ? He didn’t even use any skills, just with his aura... He controlled my brother’s will.

My father is no ordinary man, Mr. Leon. The thing that we are going to do today can cost us our life if something goes wrong." Justin spoke with a serious expression.

"Well then... We won’t let anything go wrong. Let’s go down." Leon spoke with a serious expression as both of them started heading downstairs.

In just a minute, Jim, Jamie, Althea, Justin and Leon all were standing in front of Gregory.

Although Leon was standing behind Justin as his butler.

Jim was looking at the ground with a very serious and scared expression on his face.

Sweat can be seen dropping down from his forehead.

"Tell me from the start... What the hell happened when I was gone ?" Gregory asked as he looked at Althea.

"Y-Yes, Darling."

....

For the next ten minutes, Althea explained everything that had happened in the past four days.

"So your wife cheated on you with Jim ? Is that right Jamie ?" Gregory asked as he looked at Jamie.

"Yes, Father." Jamie replied with an angry expression as he looked at Jim.

But, Jim was too nervous and scared to look at any of them.

"Very well... Jim, Do you accept your mistake ?" Gregory asked as he looked at Jim.

"Y-Y-Yes... Father." Jim replied accepting his mistake immediately.

"Good... Jim weaver. You are no longer a part of the weaver household and you will get out of this house right now.

I can’t have a son like you in this house who disgraced the name of this family by having a shameful relationship with his own brother’s wife. It should be punishable by death but that should do it.

Althea you have disappointed me, failing to manage the house in my absence. Your punishment will be decided later.

Jamie, you will go and talk to your wife. I don’t care what you do with her, Kill her or Kick her out of the house, but there will be no blood spilled in this house. Do you understand ?" Gregory asked as he looked at Jamie.

"I-I understand, Father." Jamie replied as he left immediately.

"Justin, come to the library with me. Without the butler, we will have a talk." Gregory spoke as he immediately turned around and left.

*Thud*

Jim fell down to his knees and started crying as he grabbed the carpet tightly.

’Phew... Now if Justin executes the next phase of the plan. This will be over fast.’ Leon thought as he looked at Jim with a neutral expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211: My plan went to shit ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weaver Household, Library...

Justin is standing in front of Gregory with a serious expression on his face.

"So... Justin. I can sense mana in your body, that means you can use magic once again ?" Gregory asked with a neutral expression as he looked at him.

"Yes, Father. I just felt it inside my body about three days ago and suddenly, I was able to use magic again." Justin replied as he looked at Gregory with a neutral expression.

"Well that’s good for you. I am sure that you’ve had the thought of getting back in the successor race of this house." Gregory spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Justin.

As soon as Justin heard this... He felt his heart skipping a beat but he immediately calmed himself down and focused.

"That thought really entered inside my mind, Father," Justin spoke as he looked at Gregory with a neutral expression.

"Hmm... I know-"

"But, I don’t think I want it as much as brother Jamie and as the oldest brother, he should get it.

I am thinking of going out of the house for a while and find out my potential. The things that I can do after I have gained back my ability to use magic." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"Intresting... Why would you want Jamie to be the leader of this house ? Didn’t you see what he just did outside ?" Gregory asked with a confused expression.

"Well, he is a a bit hot headed and he did try to kill his wife but he is the only and the best option you have right now, Father.

Since you have already kicked out second brother, third brother is also not eligible and I don’t want to become the family head.

So, that only leaves you with one choice and that is Jamie." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"What makes you think, I won’t make you the Family head just because you don’t want to ?" Gregory asked as he looked at Justin with a smile.

"Because I don’t want to become the family head, Father. I mean, why would you make me the family head when you have three other sons before me ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"As you said, first one is a hot head, second one is out of the house, third one is just a stupid drunk and that leaves only one choice... The fourth son and that’s you, Justin." Gregory spoke as he looked at Justin.

"Umm... Are you making me the Family Head, right now sir ?" Justin asked with a confused expression.

"I am old... I can’t manage this house forever, Son. When I released all that Aura out of my body, all my bones started to feel sore and pain started to build up.

Age is catching upto me and I had no choice but to make either Jamie or Jim the leader of this house.

But, listening to your wise talk about your brothers and your confidence in front of me today has totally changed my mind.

You were always the smart one Justin, it was your physical condition that was stopping you from becoming the perfect candidate for the successor’s position.

So, Yes... On the first day of the upcoming spring, you will be announced as the new head of the weaver household and you will also be engaged to the first daughter of the Vanguard Household.

Now, I don’t want you to go around and spreading this news. Keep it to yourself and you also did a very good job in sending me that letter today. I am proud of you son and I expect you to do your best in managing this Household and maintaining it’s glory." Gregory spoke with a smile as he placed his hand over Justin’s left shoulder and left the room after that.
NovelFire

*Click*

As soon as Gregory exited the room, he noticed Leon standing outside with a neutral expression on his face.

"Who are you, Kid ?" Gregory asked with a confused expression.

"I am master Justin’s new butler, Sir." Leon replied as he slightly bowed to him.

"Hmm... I see." Gregory replied as he walked away immediately.

’Hmm...? Did he suspected something ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

*Click*

"Mr. Leon, come in fast." Justin spoke in a low voice as he opened the library’s gate.

"Hmm...?" Leon immediately stepped inside the library and Justin closed the gates.

"I am not really that type of guy, Justin. I am more interested in girls if-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Justin started dancing in a very weird way.

"Okay... That’s even more weird. What the fuck happened here ? Did you tell your father about Jim’s girlfriend and that she has seen everything with her own eyes and your mother too ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"My father will make me the leader of this house on the first day of upcoming spring about one and a half month from now on, Mr. Leon.

I am also getting engaged to the first daughter of the Vanguard Household. Oh, I am so happy... It’s like my heart is about to explode." Justin spoke as he continued his dance.

"Wait... So, the rest of my plan went to shit ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Umm... I guess so. I was talking Just like you taught me, but before I could’ve completed my part, my father started talking... one thing led to another and now I will be the leader of the weaver household.

I am really Happy, Mr. Leon. It was something impossible without you. I can never thank you enough. Can I hug you ? I am really excited." Justin spoke as he opened his hands to hug Leon, but Leon immediately stopped him.

"Men don’t hug unless one of them is dead or they just came out from death’s grasp. You understand that ?" Leon replied with a serious expression.

"I-I see." Justin spoke as he immediately stepped back and calmed down a bit.

"You can’t get too excited about this, Justin. Don’t forget that if this news leaks to Jamie or anyone else, you will be on target.

People will try to kidnap you or even kill you. So, keep your face’s expressions calm." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I understand, Sir." Justin replied with a serious expression.

"Good... Since I am done with you for now. I will see you on the day of your wedding or if I need some favour.

Until then, keep your life safe and send me a letter if you feel something wrong with you or around you." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Yes, Sir." Justin replied with a serious expression.

"Now... I will take my leave." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the door.

"Mr. Leon..." Justin called from behind.
NovelFire

"What ?" Leon asked turning around with a confused expression.

"You are no less than a big brother to me. Please don’t hesitate to ask me any number of favours." Justin spoke with a smile.

’Hah... He still can’t understand that I only made him the leader of this house for my own profit.

Well, whatever.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he nodded his head and started to leave but suddenly he remembered something.

"Hey Justin... Do you know something about the incident that happened on the truvale checkpost a while ago ?" Leon asked as he looked at Justin.

"Truvale Checkpost ? Oh you mean the mass murder of the soldiers by some unknown entity." Justin replied.

"Unknown entity ? What do you mean by that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Oh you see... The Royal family has covered that incident by saying that it was monster wave that killed all of them but in one of the letters that I read somedays ago, my father has written that the mass murder of those soldiers was done by an unknown identity." Justin explained.

"An unknown entity huh ? Do you know something about this entity ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Unfortunately not, Sir Leon. But maybe the Royal Family knows something about it." Justin replied with a neutral expression.

"Fine... I will see you on the first day of spring. Alive, I hope." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he left the room after that.

*Click*

*Thud*

As soon as Leon left the room, Justin started doing his weird dance once again.

...

Leon went to the kitchen and noticed Adeline taking off the the collars from the servant’s necks.

"Tch... Tch." Leon let out a small voice from his voice.

Adeline immediately turned around and noticed Leon standing outside the kitchen.

"Wait a second... I will be back." Adeline spoke as she immediately walked outside the kitchen.

"What happened ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression.

"Keep an eye on Justin until spring comes." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"What ? Why ?" Adeline asked with a confused expression.

"I will tell you later." Leon spoke as he left through the kitchen’s backdoor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212: Elis... You Evolved ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After stepping out of the house, Leon turned toward the front gate—just in time to see Emilia exiting through it.

"Don’t you dare show your filthy face near this house or anywhere in this district again, you bitch!" Jamie’s voice thundered as he slammed the gate shut behind her.

"Madam Emilia." Romas quickly bowed with respect.

"You don’t have to do that anymore, Romas," Emilia replied with a soft smile. "I’m no longer a noble woman."

With quiet grace, she stepped away from the mansion’s gates and spotted Leon waiting nearby, a calm smile playing on his lips.

"Emilia no-longer a weaver I guess." Leon spoke with a smirk.

"Hello, Mr. Leon," she greeted, matching his expression.

Leon’s eyes flicked across her face. "No bruises. So I’m guessing your husband didn’t try to force you into anything huh ?"

Emilia chuckled. "Oh no, quite the opposite. The moment I told him I’d expose his little affair on the border—with that Elf bitch—he started begging. Said he’d do anything to keep my mouth shut."

Leon raised an eyebrow. "Elf bitch?"

She waved it off casually. "It’s a long story, will tell you later. And it’s getting really cold out here. Where’s that place you were talking about ?"

"Come on," Leon said simply, turning as the two of them began walking toward the wagon station.

Unseen, Fruela followed them from a distance, completely concealed in the falling snow.

"Don’t you feel cold ? You are wearing such thin clothes." Emilia asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"A little bit." Leon replied with a smile.

...

After walking for about ten minutes, three of them finally reached the wagon station.

Despite the heavy snowfall, a few wagons were still making their rounds through the rough weather. Leon and Emilia climbed into one, while Fruela silently perched atop the wagon roof.

"Vernon Village," Leon told the driver.

"Two coppers each, it’s bad weather man. So the rates are double." the man said, glancing over his shoulder.

Leon nodded with a neutral expression . "Okay, I will pay it, since you have already bargained so much from both the sides by yourself."

"Very well. Let’s go."

The driver cracked the reins, and the horses slowly began trudging through the snow-covered path.

"You live in Vernon Village? Isn’t that—" Before Emilia could finish, Leon pulled a handkerchief from his coat and held it out to her.

"Cover your eyes, Darling." Leon spoke with a smile.

Emilia blinked. "Why ?"

"I have trust issues." Leon replied immediately.

"...Okay." Though puzzled, she didn’t argue. She took the handkerchief and tied it around her eyes.

Thirty minutes later, the wagon pulled up to the north edge of Vinceral Forest.

"We’ll get off here," Leon said as he looked at the wagon driver.

The driver stared at him, baffled. "Here ? In the middle of nowhere ?"

"You ask too many questions. Here is your money." Leon dropped six copper coins into the man’s hand and hopped off the wagon.

The driver stared at the coins. "Wait, aren’t they only two people? Why six coppers...? Maybe he saw how hard I was working, What a generous guy," he muttered as he turned the wagon around.

Fruela silently leapt down from the wagon’s top and rejoined them without a sound.

...

"Are we... inside Vinceral Forest?" Emilia asked softly, still blindfolded. "I can smell some familiar herbs."

"Yes," Leon replied calmly as the trio continued through the snow-covered woods.

After a few minutes, they arrived at the base of a massive oak tree.

Leon walked up to where the dungeon gate was hidden beneath the snow. He lifted his leg and drove his foot downward with full force, expecting to hit the familiar stone staircase. But what he struck wasn’t stone—it was metal.

*Thud!*

"FUCK! my leg. What the hell ?" Leon muttered, quickly pulling his foot back. A metallic clink echoed from beneath the snow.

"Is everything alright?" Emilia asked, her voice laced with concern.

"Yeah... everything’s fine." Leon crouched and brushed aside the snow. His eyes narrowed at what he saw—metal. Two reinforced gates now covered the dungeon’s entrance.

*Grrrrrrrrrrrrr...*

Suddenly, the metallic gates groaned and began to open on their own, pushing the snow aside with mechanical ease.

Leon stared in stunned silence as the entrance widened before him.

"What in the actual hell...?" he whispered, eyes locked on the now-transformed dungeon entrance. It was no longer the same passage he had left just hours ago—it had doubled in size and was fortified like never before.

"Come on." Leon spoke as he looked at them.

Fruela guided Emilia to the dungeon’s entrance and all three of them entered inside the dungeon.

*GRRRRRRRRRR*

As soon as they were inside, The gates got closed on their own.

*Boop-Boop-Boop-Boop*

Torches mounted on the walls lit up on their own.

"Can I take off my blindfold now ? It feels so warm. We are there right ?" Emilia asked with a smile.

"Yeah... Sure." Leon replied as he continued to observe the dungeon with a surprised expression.

*Blink-Blink*

"Wow... What is this place ?" Emilia asked with a surprised expression as she looked back and noticed the metallic gates.

"That’s what I am wondering." Leon spoke in a low voice.

*Swish*

"I greet my master." Suddenly, A figure made out of blue Aura appeared in front of Leon.

She was none other than Elis herself but her body looked really different. She now looked very similar to an 18 year old girl.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill on her.

<Inspect>

[Name: Elis]

[Race: Unknown]

[Class: Dungeon Core]

[Rank: D]

[Master: Leon Luster]

[HP: 18000/18000]

[MP: 8900799/9000000000]

[Description: Elis is a Dungeon Core, binded to Leon Luster. She can store an enormous amount of mana inside her body and change the nature of dungeon accordingly with it.

She can control, All four elements(Fire, water, air, earth) inside the dungeon. Elis can also extract elements like iron and copper from ground to use them in dungeon reinforcement.

Power of the title {Dungeon Master} has been increased significantly and Elis’s intelligence as well.]

"Elis... You Evolved ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213: Twenty Floors
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You evolved, Elis." Leon spoke with a smile as he readed her status.

"Yes, Master." Elis spoke as she bowed down to him, showing respect.

"You look really... Evolved." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at her body and something felt different about her.

"Who is this girl and why can I see right through her ? Please tell me she is not a ghost." Emilia asked with a smile.

"She is Elis... The dungeon core of this dungeon." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Oh, we are inside a dungeon right now ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... It’s my dungeon." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"My, My... You own a dungeon ? Don’t tell me you also have monsters down here with you." Emilia spoke with a smile because she was thinking that Leon was just kidding with her.

"Elis... How many floors have been added ?" Leon asked with a smile as all of them started going down to the first floor.

"The dungeon now has a total of twenty floors, Master." Elis replied with a smile.

’Wait... She is smiling ? I haven’t seen her express any emotions before. Looks like her intelligence is really increased by a lot.’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Are you thinking something, Mr. Leon ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Huh... Oh, no no it’s nothing. Let’s go." Leon replied as he immediately started walking down the stairs.

As he walked down the stairs... Leon noticed that the torches they were passed through were automatically being blown out with guests of wind.

As soon all of them reached on the first floor, Leon looked around the first floor and his eyes widened from surprise.

The first floor looked as big as the seventh floor. It was just a little bit bigger than the seventh floor.

"Wow... This is one big place huh ?" Emilia spoke with a smile.

"It is." Leon replied with a smile.

"So... Will I live in this room ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Do you want to live alone ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"No, No... Some company would be good. If I wanted to stay alone, I would’ve stayed in that house." Emilia spoke immediately as she looked at Leon.

"Good... Then you won’t be living in this room." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as all of them started walking towards the next room’s stairs.

"Master... All the upper floors are empty. I have shifted everyone to the lower levels just like before, except the slimes." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon with a smile.

’Well... Isn’t she more useful now. Since she can take good decisions on her own. I won’t have to manage basic things around the dungeon.’ Leon thought with a smile.

"Why not the slimes ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"They insisted on staying on the second floor, Master." Elis replied.

"Wait... Slimes as in real slime monsters ?" Emilia asked with a serious expression.

"Come." Leon spoke as he started walking down to the second floor.

Fruela, Elis and Emilia followed him without any delays.

...

As soon as they reached on the second floor, Leon noticed the slimes jumping around the floor.

"Oh my god... You really do have monsters in here and the rare ones." Emilia spoke with a serious expression as she looked at slimes.

"Eh... They help in cleaning around the dungeon. It’s a big place." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I saw one of these guys when I was five year old. He was really bouncy and cute." Emilia spoke with a smile as she walked upto one of the slime and started patting it.

*Pat-Pat-Pat*

"Hello, little slime." She spoke in a cute voice.

*Boing-Boing*

The slime enjoyed her pats and started jumping.

"The room is so big that the slimes look less now. Slimes... You can start to reproduce again." Leon ordered as he looked at the slimes.

*Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing*

All the slimes started jumping in excitement as soon as they heard Leon’s words.

"Let’s go to the next floor... Before they start having sex or seperating themselves into two." Leon spoke as he looked at Emilia.

"Oh okay." Emilia spoke as she immediately stood up from the floor.

"Grab my hand." Leon spoke as he raised his hand towards her.

"Shouldn’t we find a bed for that first ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression as she grabbed Leon’s hand.

"Calm down woman." Leon spoke with a smile as he placed his other hand over Fruela’s shoulder.

"Take me to the-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he vanished from the floor.

...

Eighteenth Floor,

*Swish*

Leon, Fruela and Emilia re-appeared on the floor and noticed the dark elfs doing their daily chores.

’Wait... I didn’t even completed my sentence and I got teleported here ?’ Leon thought for a second.

"Sir Leon." A kid walked upto Leon and immediately bowed down to him in a formal manner.

"Sir Leon." His mother came from behind and bowed down to Leon as well.

"Wow... You really have all kind of dark secrets down here, huh ?" Emilia spoke with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Long story. Will tell you later." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked around the room and noticed that it has also gotten really big.

The kids were running around the whole room, some were dueling using wooden swords and some of them were making bows out of branches.

"These kids are really serious about their future, huh ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Fruela.

"Dark Elfs are trained from birth to fight, Master." Fruela replied with a neutral expression.

"Mr. Leon... Mr. Leon." Suddenly, a small girl ran upto Leon.

"Hmm..?" Leon looked at her with a confused expression.

"Please marry me." She spoke as she raised a pink flower towards Leon with both of her hands.

"Eh...?" Leon got surprised as soon as he heard this.

"Hah... This again, Heli ? You can’t marry Mr. Leon. Now go and make a bow out ofbthe branches." Fruela spoke as she walked upto the girl and took the flower from her hands.

"B-But... Okay." Heli looked down with a sad expression on her face and started walking away.

"Hey Heli... How about you grow up to Fruela’s size and then we can get married." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Really, Mr. Leon ?" Heli asked as a wide smile spread across her face.

"Sure." Leon replied with a smile.

"Okay... You can get married to sister Fruela until then." Heli spoke as she ran away immediately.

"Let’s go..." Leon spoke with a smile as he started walking towards the stairs but he didn’t noticed the flushed red face of Fruela.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214: Kidnapped ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

19th Floor, Dungeon...

As soon as Leon, Fruela and Emilia came down to 19th floor... They noticed Rees working on his table with full seriousness.

"That’s Rees... Now, he is a little different from what you have seen so far, just remember that he is not hostile and you don’t have to be afraid of him." Leon spoke as he looked at Emilia.

"Why ? Is he an angry guy ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Ah... Mr. Leon, You are back. I will not be-" Rees started speaking as he turned around to look at Leon, but stopped as soon as he looked at Emilia.

*Grab*

As soon as Emilia saw Rees... Her heart started beating faster and she immediately grabbed Leon’s hand.

"W-What is that ?" Emilia asked with a scared expression.

"Who is she ?" Rees asked as he pointed towards Emilia.

"Calm down, Emilia. He is a friend. You don’t have to fear him." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"B-But... He is an undead." Emilia spoke with a very feared expression.

’Why is she behaving like this ? Even the dark elfs weren’t this afraid of Rees ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Okay... Let’s move onto the next floor." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the stairs.

"Mr. Leon... I don’t think, I will be able to accompany you in the search for that necroheart.

I have to go help a friend. Just received his message." Rees spoke as he showed a small paper to Leon.

All that was written over the paper was ’Help Me, Ikon.’ in a very rough language.

"What does this mean ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

’How the fuck an undead have friends ? Well... It’s a world filled with magic, I guess everything is possible.’ Leon thought for a second then dismissed the thought.

" ’Ikon’ is a secret word that only the two of us know. This means that the danger is really big. I really have to go Mr. Leon." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"Fine... Go. Try not to die out there." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"I will not and congratulations that your core has evolved... It’s an ’Once in a Lifetime event.’ Very rare." Rees spoke as he turned around and started walking towards the other stairs.

"Elis... Take him out of the dungeon or he will die by walking up so many floors." Leon ordered with a smile.

"As you command, Master." Elis replied as she immediately raised her hand towards Rees and he disappeared.

"You can teleport things around the dungeon without touching them ?" Leon asked with a surprised expression.

"I can do many more things master. I can’t wait to tell you all about it." Elis replied with a excited smile.

"Oh okay. Let’s go to the last floor and then we will have a talk." Leon spoke as he started walking down the stairs to the last floor.

Emilia regained her composer and stepped away from Leon.

"I-I am sorry for before. I just don’t like undead monsters, even if they are friendly." Emilia replied as she looked at Leon.

’Looks like Rees wasn’t the first undead she came across. But, now that Rees is gone... I will have to go and find that necroheart on my own.

Well... it’s been a while since I am just going back and forth to the dungeon and kingdom. A solo adventure will be really good.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as all four of them reached on the last floor.

...

"Woah..." Leon looked around the last floor and he was left stunned. The last floor of the dungeon was half the size of Vernon Village.

It was so huge that seeing the other wall of the room was very challenging, even from the middle.

The throne that was in the middle of the room, was floating three feet up in the air.

"What the hell ? Elis... I suppose you know that I can’t fly, right ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at the throne.

’Although I can make a skill for that... Hey, why didn’t I think of that idea before ? I should make a skill for that before I forget the idea.’ Leon thought as he immediately activated the skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Master... Please walk closer to the throne." Elis spoke with a smile.

"Okay." Leon replied as he walked closer to the throne and it automatically came down.

"Nice." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately sat down on throne and it started floating back into the air.

’I hope you like it, Master.’ Suddenly, Elis’ voice rang inside Leon’s head.

"What ?" Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at Elis.

’We can contact through magic now master.’ Elis’ voice rang inside his head once again.

’Can you hear me ?’ Leon asked.

’Yes master. I can hear you very clearly.’ Elis replied with a smile.

’This is very good, Elis. Good work.’ Leon thought with a smile.

’Thank you very much master. I hope to serve you even better in the future.’ Elis replied as she bowed down again.

"Hey... Why is she bowing down again and again ? Leon is way over there." Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"She is showing respect." Fruela spoke with a neutral expression.

"I-I see." Emilia replied with a confused expression.

...

"Hah... This feels good, having-" Leon thought with a smile as he looked around the room but before he could’ve completed his sentence, another screen popped up in front of him.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

’Ah I forgot about this. I will be needing minimum two skills in order to fly, because I can’t make a flying skill directly.

System is smart enough to figure out what I am trying to do. So, I have to make a weight reducing skill first.’ Leon thought with a smile.

"Feather Weight."

[Skill ’Feather weight’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A minor weight reducing skill that can reduce 1% of user’s total weight using hundred mana for one second.

Skill can be re-casted upto hundred times but the mana consumption will increase by hundred mana on every use and stop there.

The hundreth recast will continue until the skill is stopped manually and mana consumption will go on."

[Processing....]

’Hmm... If my calculations are correct the 100th cast will consume around 500000 mana, but I don’t care since I am regenerating way more mana.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

[Description has been accepted.]

’Veey good.’ Leon thought with a smile.

[Please select the chant for the skill {Feather Weight}.]

"Feather." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

[Chant ’Feather’ has been selected.]

’The chant won’t matter that much since I will make a ’Multi-cast skill or Skill combiner’, after this and once I make that.

I will be able to cast more than skills together without taking any penalty on my body. I hope it works.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at the floating screen in front of him.

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 100 mana/recast.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 40 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

’Cooldown is good.’ Leon thought with a smile as he immediately learned the skill.

"Learn it."

[Congratulations ! You have successfully learned the skill {Feather Weight}.]

"Leo... Is that you ?" Suddenly, Elaine’s voice came from below.

Leon slowly turned his head to the side and noticed, Elaine and Selene standing under the throne and looking at him with a smile.

"Down." Leon spoke and the throne immediately started moving down.

*Thud*

As soon as the throne touched the ground, Leon noticed Emilia looking at Elaine with a smile.

"So... You are his mother huh ? I am Emilia." Emilia spoke as she immediately raised a hand for handshake.

"Yes, I am Elaine. It’s a pleasure to meet you." Elaine spoke as she Shaked hands with Elaine.

"Those clothes are expensive and not just expensive. There is a purple flower on the neck of that blouse... Oh my god, that’s the most expensive blouse ’The Revera Bodice.’" Selene spoke with a shocked expression as she immediately walked upto Emilia.

*Sniff-Sniff*

She started sniffing Emilia like a dog and a suspicious expression appeared over her face.

"You are smelling like flowers too. Your skin is too smooth and these big boobs are also really squishy." Selene spoke as she immediately grabbed Emilia’s boobs from behind.

"Anhhh~ M-Mr. Leon... What is this girl doing to me ?" Emilia asked as she immediately stepped aside.

"I was actually enjoying that for a second. Look Selene... She is a guest here and you can’t do that to her. Now apologize." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Hmm... Why do I get the feeling that you have kidnapped her from a noble household ?" Selene spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

"Eh...?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215: I can also learn
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"WHAT !? Leon you started kidnapping women ?" Elaine asked with a shocked expression.

"No... I haven’t kidnapped her. She is here on her own will. Tell them." Leon replied with a serious expression as he looked at Emilia.

"Yeah... I am here because I want to be here. He didn’t kidnapped me. Wait... Did he kidnapped you ?" Emilia asked with a confused expression.

"Okay... I will leave you guys to your talk for now, Emilia will explain everything. Elis, take us to the fifteenth floor." Leon spoke as he immediately walked away.

"Yes, Master." Elis spoke as she raised her hand and both of them disappeared immediately.

"Hey, sorry about squeezing your boobs. I just did it to see your reaction and your reaction was really... Noble like." Selene spoke as she looked at Selene.

"You could’ve asked me that." Emilia replied with a neutral expression.

"I am sorry for my daughter’s behaviour. Please take a seat." Elaine spoke as she guided Emilia to the beds.

....

Fifteenth Floor,

*Swish*

Leon and Elis appeared on the floor and almost immediately all the torches mounted on the walls came to life as soon as they appeared inside the room.

"So, Elis... What else you have that you need to show me ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Master... Try to attack me, physically." Elis spoke with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"I can’t touch you. Won’t my attacks just go through your body ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"No master... After the last evolution, I can now materialize my mana and touch physical things." Elis replied with a smile.

’Hmm... If she can do so many things only at rank-d, I wonder what she will be capable of doing once she reaches A or S-rank.’ Leon thought as he slowly walked upto her and made his fist into a punch.

Leon loosely threw the punch in her direction but before the punch could’ve touched her... Elis grabbed Leon’s hand and tapped on his wrist in a weird pattern.

*Hang*

"What the fuck !?" Leon spoke with a confused expression as his hand relaxed all of a sudden and he couldn’t feel it anymore.

"What did you do to my hand, Elis ?" Leon asked with a confused but calm expression as he looked at her.

"I-I am sorry, Master. M-My body just did that on it’s own... I-I will immediately fix it." Elis spoke with a worried expression as she immediately touched Leon’s wrist and it started moving once again.

"Was that acupuncture ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he started swinging his hand to test if it’s moving fine or not.

"I-I just saw so many mana lines inside your body master and as soon as I touched your wrist... I blocked the mana flow in your hand.

But, I really don’t know why your hand stopped moving, Master. I-I am very very sorry master. Please forgive me." Elis apologized with a worried expression as she immediately went down on both of her knees and did a very respectful bow.

"Because mana flows in everyone’s blood... If you blocked my mana that means you blocked my nerves as well and if blood doesn’t get to my fingers... I won’t be able to use them." Leon replied with a smile as an idea came to his mind.

’That’s a very useful skill... I can use it in hand-to-hand combat against living beings. If I activate it with glitch point... I will be able to locate the acupuncture points of my enemy easily.’ Leon thought as he looked at his hand.

"Stand up Elis... Tell me, what else can you do in combat ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"In combat ? I also have a very sharp memory now, Master. I can remember your fighting style and counter it while fighting you." Elis replied as she looked at Leon.

"Really ? Show me." Leon spoke as he took a step back.

Elis also took a step back and opened both of her arms, attaining a weird stance.

"Are you ready ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, Master. You can start attacking me anytime you want." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Okay. Just remember... I won’t be coming slow like before." Leon replied as he immediately walked forward and threw a sharp punch into Elis’ stomach.

*Thud*

The punch hitted her and she immediately fell down to the ground.

"Shit... are you alright, Elis ? Does it hurts ?" Leon asked as he immediately walked upto her.

"Oh... No master, I can’t feel anything. I can touch things around me with the thick layer of mana around my body, but I can’t feel anything." Elis replied with a neutral expression.

’Ah... Right, I forgot that her body is just made out of mana.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Again master. Hit me again." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Okay... But, why you aren’t dodging my attacks ?" Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Elis.

"I don’t have to master... I have to see your attacking pattern then I will learn to dodge them and counter-attack." Elis explained with a neutral expression.

’Ah... That’s a nice skill. I will make that as well, it will help me figure out the fighting patterns of an enemy in hand-to-hand combat.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

He then walked upto Elis once again, made his fist into a punch and aimed for her stomach, but this time before he could’ve touched her... Elis turned exactly ninety degrees to the left side and dodged the move.

Not only did she dodged the punch, but raised her hand, made it into a fist and tried to land a punch in Leon’s back.

<Sixth Sense>

But before the punch could’ve landed, Leon felt it coming because of the passive skill that got activated automatically.

*Roll*

Leon immediately rolled down to the other side and dodged the attack.

’Okay... She learned, dodged and countered. It’s like I am training a robot to fight and the more she learns... The more it will help me get better in combat.’ Leon thought as he removed his coat and dropped it down on the floor.

He then folded his sleeves and removed his boots.

"Well... Let’s get serious, Elis." Leon spoke with a smile as he rolled his sleeves.

"As you command, Master." Elis spoke as she changed her stance this time.

*Step-step-step-step-step*

Leon ran towards her with full speed and threw a punch into her stomach again.

Elis turned to the left side once again dodging the attack once again, but Leon immediately opened his hand and grabbed her leg.

He turned around and made her fall onto the ground.

*Thud*

Elis immediately stood up once again and took a different stance this time.

Leon ran towards her threw the punch once again, Elis turned to the side but this time as soon as he grabbed her leg... Elis grabbed Leon’s hand and pressed it down with full force, breaking the grip at once.

*Jump*

Leon immediately jumped back and looked at Elis with a smile.

’That was an impressive way to break my grip over her leg.’ Leon thought as he started running towards her once again, but this time instead of punching... He raised his leg in order to land a kick on her left shoulder.

*Thud*

But, Elis immediately raised her hand in a ’V’ shape and soaked most of his kick’s force with her wrist.

*Grab*

But she didn’t stop there... using her right hand, she immediately grabbed Leon’s leg and spinned his whole body mid-air.

"Shit-"

*Thud*

Leon immediately fell down on the floor, but he didn’t waste another second in standing up and turning towards Elis with a serious expression this time.

’She is a fast learner. I haven’t even performed that much attacks and she already knows how to block them and counter.’ Leon thought in his mind but before he could’ve thought of something else, his eyes widened in shock as he looked at Elis.

Elis turned to the right and raised her left hand towards Leon. Her stance was very similar to a kung-fu fighter.

’She is changing her stance everytime after observing my stance. It’s like she can see all the openings I have and what attack I am going to perform.’ Leon thought as he immediately started running towards Elis.

"Dodge this..." Leon spoke as he threw a punch at her face.

Elis immediately turned her face to the side in order to dodge it but Leon immediately kicked her in the right leg and she went off-balance.

He didn’t stop there... As soon as she lost her balance, Leon raised both of his hands up in the air brought it down upon her.

*THUD*

Elis hitted the ground with a loud thud, but without wasting another second... She immediately grabbed Leon’s leg and tried to imbalance him.

But Leon grabbed her hand and pushed it down with full force breaking her grip immediately.

*Jump*

He jumped back and looked at her with a smile.

"I can also learn from you, Darling."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216: Multi-cast
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One Hour later...

*Huff-Huff*

Leon’s whole body is sweating, his white shirt is covered with dust and there is a very serious expression on his face.

Elis is standing in front of him with a calm and collected expression on her face and her stance looks a little weird but there are no openings in it.

’In the last one hour... I have won thirteen times and lost fifteen times. She learned all of my opening moves and now she is countering them like a child’s play.

I have to use my full attention, if I want to defeat her.’ Leon thought in his mind as he used his skill.

<Glitch Point>

As soon as he used the skill... He saw only a single dot in the middle of her body and that was her core.

’Fuck... This skill is useless in front of her. If I attacked her core, she will die immediately.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Master... Shall we take some rest ? My mana is getting low. If I continued to fight you, I will not be able to manage the dungeon efficiently." Elis spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Haa... Sure." Leon replied as he let out a sight and immediately sat down on the ground.

"Master you are sweating... this should help." Elis spoke as she slowly raised her hand and swinged it.

*Swisssshhhhhh*

Suddenly, cool airs filled the whole room and Leon felt a soothing feeling.

"It’s good that I didn’t turn you into a weapon, Elis." Leon spoke in a low voice as a smile appeared over his face.

"Master... Can I please take mana from your body ?" Elis asked as she walked upto Leon.

"Sure... fill yourself up because I will be going out tomorrow and won’t be back for a few days." Leon spoke as he looked at Elis.

"Understood, Master." Elis replied as she immediately placed her hand over Leon’s hand and started sucking mana out of his body.

[-2000 MP]

[+899765 MP]

[-2000 MP]

[+899766 MP]

....

’Well... Since she is doing this. I should make some skills.’ Leon thought as he immediately activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Multi-cast"

[Skill ’Multi-cast’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

’Okay... This is going to be a mess.’ Leon thought in his mind as he searched for words.

"A unique skill that can support the cast of multiple ’F’ ranked skills at once without adding any toll on the user’s body or mind." Leon spoke as he kept it simple for starting.

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

’As expected... It’s not easy to make a complicated skill like this.’ He thought with a serious expression activating another skill.

<Glitch Point>

As soon as he activated the skill, one sentence and one word was marked red on the screen.

’Multiple’ and ’Without adding any toll on the user’s body or mind.’

’Okay... First error is on the number of skills cast, I can’t use the word multiple that means I have to limit the number of skills that I can use at once.

Secondly, the system will not let me use this skill until I add some kind of toll on it. But... The good thing is that I can choose the toll.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Okay... So, a unique passive skill that can support the cast of fifteen ’F’ ranked active skills at once, but the more skills are casted together... user will feel a sharp pain in his head." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at the screen.

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

This time... Only one word was marked red on the screen, ’Fifteen.’

’Okay... That’s good. System has accepted the toll that means I only need to lower the number of skills that can be casted together and I can easily encounter the toll by using adaptive body.’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

"How about ’fourteen skills at a time’ ?" Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Thirteen..."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Twelve..."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Eleven..."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Ten..."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Oh come on... Give me ten skills at least." Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at the screen.

"Nine..."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Eight..."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Seven..."

[Processing....]

This time only the processing window hovered in front of him and a smile appeared over Leon’s face.

’Hah... Finally. Now since my body doesn’t take any toll until I cast more than three skills together that means, I can cast upto ten skills at once with just some pain in my head.

Phew... after this, I will have to complete that flying skill. I will also have to make a skill set of combat skills that I can just activate all at once and they will help me significantly in a fight.

One skill set for hand-to-hand combat and one skill set for Magic combat. I can make other skills sets as well but for now I will have to focus on these two.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at the screen.

[Description has been accepted.]

[Note: Skill will be activated automatically, once the user casts more than four skills. Exceeding the limit of ’Multi-cast’ will result in base system penalties.]

[Note: Skill will be turned off automatically after five minutes if no active skills are detected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 100 additional mana/ skill casted.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 90 seconds.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

’Hmm... System is giving ’Notes’ now huh ? Oh well, it’s not like they are some really big conditions.’ Leon thought for a second but then dismissed the thought immediately.

"Learn it." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

[You have successfully learned the skill {Multi-Cast.}]

’Phew... I can rest for sometime now.’ Leon thought as he laid down on the floor and closed his eyes.

Elis slowly touched the ground and a stone bed formed under Leon, picking him up from the ground.

A smile appeared over Elis’ face as she looked at Leon’s sleeping face.

...

One hour later,

"...ter."

"...ster."

"...aster."

*Blink-Blink*

"Hmm....?" Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed Elis standing right next to him.

"Master... I am full and madam Emilia is searching for you in the dungeon." Elis spoke.

"How much time passed ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he stood up from the bed.

"One hour, Master." Elis replied with a neutral expression.

"Take me to Emilia." Leon spoke and he immediately disappeared.

...

Eleventh floor,

"Leon... Are you here ?" Emilia asked as she entered on the floor and all the torches around the room came to life.

*Swish*

"Leo-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon appeared right in front of her.

"Kyaaa..." Emilia shouted in a weird way as she got scared.

"What do you want, Emilia ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Emilia.

"W-Why are you scaring me like that ? Do you want to kill me or something ?" Emilia asked with a serious expression as she placed her hand over her chest.

"Look Emilia... I have to go somewhere tomorrow. So, I was trying to take a good night’s sleep. Now... If you continued to wander inside this dungeon, you will eventually hit a floor filled with traps and die." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"I didn’t knew there were traps in this dungeon and I wanted to see you because..." Suddenly, her tone became seductive as she walked upto Leon with a perverted smile and placed both of her hands over his chest.

"Hmm... Because ?" A smirk spread across Leon’s face as soon as he looked at Emilia.

"... Because, I wanted to thank you for getting me out of that stupid house and letting me stay with your family and dungeon monsters.

I heard from your step-sister and step-mother that you are a beast in bed ? Is that true ?" Emilia asked with a perverted smile as her hands started slipping down.

"You want to test it out ?" Leon asked with a smile as he grabbed Emilia’s ass-cheeks with both of his hands and gave them a good, tight squeeze.

*Squeeze-Squeeze*

"Anhhh~ Hey... Be gentle with me. I haven’t been with any man for a very long time." Emilia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"You enjoyed that... I can tell by the moan. Didn’t you ?" Leon asked with a smile as he closed the distance between their faces.

"Maybe, I did... A little-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon’s lips crashed against her lips.

*Chuuuuuuuuuuu*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217: Touch the wall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon slowly sucked on Emilia’s lower lip, dragging it between his teeth, savoring the softness as if he were tasting some kind of sweet fruit. Each wet pull of his lips sent shivers down her spine, flooding her body with heat and raw arousal.

Suck... Suck... Suck... Suck...

As his mouth played with her lip, his hands moved down and around her chest, cupping the heavy swell of her boobs through the fabric.

Squeeze... Squeeze...

They were large, plush, and impossibly soft—like two perfect globes made to be groped. He gave them a greedy squeeze, his fingers sinking into her flesh, feeling them spill over his palms with satisfying weight.

Through the gown, her nipples were already hard, straining against the thin fabric.

"Mmh~" Emilia whimpered, her breath hitching as Leon’s thumbs slid over the stiff peaks, tracing slow circles around her areolas, that made her whole chest burn.

Her nipples, though small, stood tall—tight and sensitive. They throbbed beneath the gown, rubbing against the inside of the fabric, begging for more attention.

’What is happening to me...? He’s barely touched me and I already feel like I’m going to melt. My nipples... they’re so sensitive it hurts but also feels good at the same time.

They feel like they’re about to tear right through this gown. Jamie never made me feel like this... but Leon...’

Her inner thoughts dissolved as Leon pinched both nipples gently through the cloth, making her hips twitch and her legs clench together.

He teased and fondled her mercilessly, circling, pinching, tugging, playing with the shape and bounce of her breasts until her lips finally parted from his.

"Hah... Hope you enjoyed that gentle kiss," he said with a cocky smirk, fingers still pressing against her boobs.

"I-I can’t say it was gentle... y-your hands were really rough with my breasts," she whispered breathlessly, her cheeks flushed red, nipples visibly poking through the fabric, achingly hard.

"Then maybe it’s time to let them out." Leon leaned in close and, without waiting, slipped both hands under the gown’s neckline. In one smooth pull, he yanked the gown down past her chest.

Pull

Boing—Boing—Boing—Boing

Her breasts spilled free in a wild, bouncing release. They were huge—perfectly round, pale with a faint rosy tint, the skin smooth and supple. Her nipples stood out—tight, perky, and flushed pink—surrounded by petite, dusky areolas that made them look even more enticing.

They bounced for two seconds straight before settling, jiggling with the slightest movement, so heavy yet so soft they looked like they’d melt in his hands.

Emilia gasped and immediately covered her face with both hands, trembling with embarrassment and arousal.

"Oh my god..."

"Come here, pink babies," Leon said with a lustful grin, pulling her closer. He latched onto her left nipple with his mouth, sucking eagerly, while his other hand kneaded the right boov—his fingers spreading wide, sinking deep into the pliant flesh like he a stress ball made out of marshmallows.

Suck... Suck... Suck... Suck...

"Anhhhhh~ A-Anhh~ W-What are you doing to my boobs Leon... A-Anhhh~ It feels so goood~" Emilia cried out, her whole body reacting. Her knees gave in, her back arched toward him, and her eyes rolled back in bliss.

Her juices were soaking her panties, spreading warmth between her thighs, her body aching for more—more of his hands and his tongue.

Leon suddenly switched his mouth to her right nipple, latching on with a deep, wet suck, while his hand slid over to the left breast, kneading the soft, heavy mound like dough.

Meanwhile, his other hand kept fondling and squeezing the same breast his mouth was working on, letting her feel his full attention from all angles.

Suck—Suck—Suck—Suck—Suck

"Oh my god... This feels so gooood~ anhhhhh~ k-keep sucking them... pleaseeeeee~!" Emilia moaned shamelessly, her voice breaking as her arms flew around Leon’s head, pulling him tightly into her chest, burying his face between her trembling boobs.

Encouraged by her desperation, Leon grazed her sensitive nipple lightly with his teeth.

*Bite*

Her reaction came instantly.

"Anhhhhhh~ O-Oh my god~ S-Something is—C-Cumminggggggggg~!" Emilia screamed, her back arching violently as her whole body began to shake like crazy, it was as if she is cumming for the first time.

Squirrrrrt!

A sharp stream of warm, slick arousal shot through her soaked panties and splashed against the floor with a wet slap.

Leon pulled back from her chest, licking his lips with a grin. "Tsk... How dare you cum before me? Looks like your naughty pussy needs to be punished," he spoke playfully, his hands snapping back to her breasts.

He grabbed both of her stiff, swollen nipples and gave them a sharp tug, stretching them upwards.

"Ahhhhhhh~ N-Nooooooo~!" Emilia wailed, trembling as another wave of orgasmic pleasure surged through her. More of her juices spilled from her panties, dripping down her thighs uncontrollably.

Leon chuckled darkly. "Wow... You really are a filthy little slut hiding behind that wise mask of yours, aren’t you?" he teased, before grabbing her face with both hands.

*Pull*

*CHUUUUUU*

He yanked her head forward and crashed his mouth against hers, his tongue thrusting deep into her mouth in a messy, hungry kiss. Their tongues tangled wildly, wet and desperate, swirling together with lewd slaps and moans.

As they kissed, Leon’s hands slid down her body, tugging her gown further down. One hand trailed over her slick, soaked panties, pressing against the heat between her legs, rubbing her pulsing pussy through the thin fabric.

Her skin was hot—feverish—and smooth under his palms. Leon’s fingers traced down to her ass, slipping underneath and grabbing both cheeks firmly.

SQUEEZE

He gripped them hard, fingers sinking deep into the thick, jiggling flesh. The squeeze was so intense that Emilia’s heels left the ground—she went up on her toes instantly, overwhelmed by the sensation.

"Mmnnhhhfff~!" she tried to moan, but Leon’s tongue kept her mouth stuffed and sealed. The only sounds escaping were muffled whimpers and breathless gasps.

He kept squeezing, kneading her thick ass like he was molding it to fit his hands, each squeeze pulling another moan from deep in her chest.

SQUEEZE

Her body trembled with every touch. Her soaked panties clung to her like a second skin, showing off every curve, every outline of her dripping slit.

After the deep kiss and fondling countinued for the next two minutes, Leon finally let go of her mouth.

"Y-You... are a beast." Emilia spoke as her eyes barely opened from continuously cumming and feeling very light headed.

"Don’t get to appreciations so fast, Darling." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately slapped her ass cheek and turned her around.

"Anhhhh~" Emilia moaned as she felt arousal with just Leon’s slap.

"Bend down... I have to check what’s wrong with your leaking pussy." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he hooked both of his fingers into her panty and pulled them down to her ankles at once.

Leon then noticed the smooth, no pubic hairs, thick pussy in front of him and without any further wait... He locked his arms around her lower back and started sucking her pussy.

"Ohhhhhhhh~" Emilia’s eyes got crossed as soon as she felt Leon’s tongue licking her pussy lips furiously.

Her lips turned into ’O’ shape and her back arched like crazy.

"Place your hands on the wall and try not to cum." Leon spoke with with a smile as he went back to sucking her pussy.

*Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck*

"B-But... T-The Annnhhhh~ wall is over Annnhhhh~ there." Emilia spoke as she pointed towards the closest wall.

"Well then... Go on start walking. You don’t want to fall down while cumming do you ?" Leon asked with a smile as he started licking her clit.

"Anhhhhh~ N-No... Anhhh~ I feel something-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon stopped licking her clit.

"You are not cumming this easily..." Leon spoke with a smile as he went back to sucking on her pussy lips.

"Y-You can’t do this to me..." Emilia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Oh... You are inside my dungeon now and in here, I do whatever I want to do with girls like you.

So, better start moving or..." Leon spoke as he immediately gave another lick on her clit.

*Lick*

"Anhhhhhhh~ Nooooo~ I-I will start moving." Emilia spoke as she took a step forward and felt Leon’s face rubbing against her thighs and his tongue grinding against her pussy lips without any rest.

*Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick*

Emilia took another step and as soon as she took the step, her pussy lips opened up.

Leon didn’t miss the opportunity and immediately rammed his tongue into her pussy.

*Rub-Rub*

He then started rubbing the inside the office her pussy with his tongue.

"O-Oh noooo~" Emilia moaned as she tightened her thighs around Leon’s face but Leon immediately pulled his tongue out of her pussy and started kissing her pussy lips once again.

"L-Leon... Y-You are torturing me." Emilia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Fine, Fine... If you touched that wall. I will make you cum like a crazy whore slut that you will never be able to forget." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Emilia.

Emilia looked at the wall and took another step towards it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218: Dusk’s real power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Emilia’s back is up-against the wall, with one of her leg over Leon’s shoulder and his cock is pounding her pussy mercilessly.

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhhh~"

"You like that huh ?" Leon asked with a smile as he slapped her boobs.

*SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhhh~ Yesss Yess Yess... I love it~" Emilia shouted as she immediately kissed Leon and started sucking on his tongue.

*Chuuuuuuuuuuu*

"Fuck!!! I am cumming." Leon spoke as he immediately grabbed her waist tightly and pulled her in.

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Mee toooo~" Emilia shouted as her eyes started flickering like crazy.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Take thisss..." Leon spoke as he grabbed her ass-cheeks tightly and released his thick semen inside her pussy.

"Anhhhhhhhhhhh~" Emilia moaned loudly as her legs started shaking and she also squirted at the same time, releasing a fountain of cum out of her pussy.

"Y-Your cum is filling up my insides... I-I can feel it rushing upto my womb." Emilia spoke as she hugged Leon tightly and felt his cum crawling up her pussy.

"Well... We are going to go for another rou-" before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he felt Emilia’s body loosing balance.

"Hmm...?" As soon as he looked at her, he noticed that Emilia has gone unconscious.

’Well... It was her first time having real sex, but it’s a good thing that she remained conscious until I came.’ Leon thought with a smile as he immediately picked her up in his arms.

"Elis." Leon called out.

*Swish*

"Master." Elis immediately appeared in front of him.

"Make a bed for her." Leon ordered.

"As you wish, Master." Elis replied as she raised her hand and a stone bed rose up from the ground.

"Let her sleep." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Elis.

"As you command, Master." Elis replied as she immediately moved her bed to the other side of the room.

"What time is it, Elis ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s been three hours since we had our last talk, Master." Elis replied with a neutral expression.

"Ah... I did so many things with her body that I completely forgot about time. Bring me my clothes Elis." Leon ordered.

"Here master." Elis replied as she immediately raised both of her hands towards Leon and his clothes appeared in them.

"You have become really useful, Elis." Leon replied with a smile as he took the clothes and started wearing them.

"Master... Please wait." Elis spoke as she stopped him from wearing the clothes.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Please stand straight for a moment, Master." Elis spoke with a smile.

"Okay..." Leon replied as he stopped wearing the clothes.

Elis slowly moved her hand upwards and all the moisture inside the room formed a thin layer around Leon’s body.

It moved around his whole body with an incredible speed, cleaning most of his body in just a few seconds.

Elis waved her hand once again and warm winds dried up all the remaining water on Leon’s body.

"Do you feel better now, Master ?" Elis asked with a smile.

"Where did you learn to do that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Madam Selene and Madam Elaine asked me to do this to them, Master. I thought you will like it as well." Elis spoke with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Good work, Elis." Leon replied as he walked upto her and patted on her head.

*Pat-Pat-Pat*

"T-Thank you, master." Elis smiled as she clearly enjoyed the pats, even though she couldn’t feel them.

"Now... I will be leaving the dungeon and won’t be back for some time, maybe some days or something weeks.

Tell Mom and Selene not to worry about me when they wake up. I would’ve told them myself, but they must be sleeping right now.

Try not to use all of your mana, since I won’t be around to fill it up, you understand ?" Leon asked as he looked at Elis.

"I understand, Master." Elis replied with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon.

"Good..." Leon spoke as he disappeared immediately.

...

Eighteenth Floor,

*Swish*

Leon re-appeared on the Dark Elfs’ floor and noticed that all of them are sleeping peacefully on their stone beds.

But as soon as he turned around, Fruela was bowing down to him.

"Master." Fruela spoke in a low voice.

"When did you !?" Leon asked with a surprised expression as he looked at Fruela.

"I woke up-"

"Shhh..." Leon immediately stopped her from speaking as he placed his hand over her shoulder and both of them disappeared.

....

Fifteenth Floor,

*Swish*

Leon and Fruela re-appeared on the fifteenth floor.

"Okay... Fruela, I am going to leave the dungeon and won’t be back for days or weeks.

So you have to take care of everything here. Do you understand ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"But... I want to come with you master. I swore to protect you with my life, Sir." Fruela spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

"I know you did and that’s why I am leaving to protect the one thing that I hold very close to my heart, this dungeon.

Keep it safe and the people inside it. Don’t worry... I will be-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, He felt something behind him.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed Dusk slowly sneaking inside the room.

"Is something wrong master ?" Fruela asked as she looked at the door with a confused expression.

"Dusk... Where the fuck have you been for the last four days ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Hahaha... Master, you see. It’s my mating season and that’s why I had to go deep into the forest in order to search for a suitable partner." Dusk replied in a little embarrassed tone as he revealed himself to Fruela.

"You went out to fuck in such a cold weather ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes, master. This is best time for Shadow Velmoras to reproduce." Dusk replied immediately.

"Well... If you are done mating, get ready. We are moving out soon." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Where are we going, master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"I don’t know." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I-I see..." Dusk replied in low tone as he looked at Leon.

"Master... You can leave dusk here and take me." Fruela spoke with a worried expression as she looked at him.

"No... He is not strong enough to do the work that I am giving you. So, stay here Fruela." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"A-As you command, Master." Fruela replied with a sad expression.

"Well... That was hurtful." Dusk spoke in a low voice as he looked at Leon.

"Let’s go dusk... I have to pick up a few things in the way." Leon spoke as he walked upto dusk.

"But master... I don’t think any shops will be open in the kingdom. It’s still very early morning." Dusk spoke as he looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Well it’s a good thing that I don’t want to pick up things from the shops." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over Dusk’s back and both of them disappeared immediately.

...

*Swish*

Both of them immediately appeared right outside the dungeon and noticed that it was still very dark, snow is falling down and air is very chilly.

"Well... Isn’t the weather lovely." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Dusk.

"I think so too... Master." Dusk replied with a smile as he immediately sat down in front of Leon.

"Hup..." Leon immediately jumped on his back and noticed that his fur was really warm.

"Where are we going, Master ?" Dusk asked as he stood up and started walking towards the vinceral forest’s exit.

"Beastkin’s village. I have some bills due there." Leon replied with a smile.

"Yes master." Dusk replied as he immediately started running through the snow as if he is walking on a plain surface.

"Wow... Dusk you are running faster than a white walker." Leon spoke with a smile as he felt Dusk’s speed was so much faster than Justin’s White walker.

"White walker ? You mean those stupid big white horses master ?" Dusk asked as he continued to run forward.

"Yeah... Those stupid white horses." Leon replied with a smile as he felt Dusk’s speed increasing.

"You can compare me to a rock master... But please don’t compare me to those stupid horses.

I will show you the difference between me and those stupid white horses... THUNDER STEPS." Dusk spoke as he immediately activated his skill and suddenly his fur started glowing brightly blue.

*Swish*

Dusk’s speed increased so much for a second that everything started to blur out, but he stopped running immediately.

"What happened ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he cleared the snow from his eyelids.

"We are here, Master." Dusk spoke as sat down on the ground.

"What the-!?" As soon as Leon opened his eyes properly, he noticed that they were really on the gate of the beastkin’s village.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219: Buisness is Booming
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon jumped down from Dusk’s back and looked at him with a smile.

"You are really strong, but lazy as well." Leon spoke as a smirk appeared over his face.

"That’s true master... If I weren’t this lazy, the humans would’ve been using me instead of that stupid horse." Dusk replied as he looked at Leon with a smile.

"That’s true." Leon replied with a smile as he started walking towards the house that was built outside the village.

But this time the house looked bigger and better than last time. It was made out of premium wood, unlike the cheap wood and it was huge in size too.

"She really made a big house." Leon spoke with a smile as he walked upto the gates and knocked twice.

*Knock-Knock*

"Who is at the door this early ? Someone better be dead or I am scratching someone’s face." A female’s sound came from inside.

*Click*

The gates opened up and a small beastkin girl looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Hello, Ellie." Leon spoke with a smile as he took a step back and his face came into light.

"M-Mr. Leon... I-I greet you, Sir." Ellie spoke as she immediately bowed down to Leon.

"I am here to collect my money, hope you haven’t used all of it." Leon spoke with a smile.

"I will not dare to, Sir. Please come in." Ellie spoke as she immediately invited Leon inside the house.

Leon entered inside the house and dusk followed him in his cat form.

As soon as he entered inside, Leon noticed that there was no one inside the house.

"Where are your brothers and mother ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"They are in the kingdom, Sir. Preparing the ingredients for creame puffs. We have bought a place there since it was really troublesome to make them here and transport them there.

They are only preparing the ingredients, Since only I will be making them.

Here... Please have a taste." Ellie spoke as she came out of the kitchen with a warm cup of tea and two creame puffs in the plate.

"How did you make tea so fast ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Oh... I was making it for myself, Sir but I will make more. I just want you to taste it.... Since we are also selling tea with the creame puffs now." Ellie spoke with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Ah... I see." Leon spoke as he grabbed the cup and took a sip from the tea.

The taste of the tea was heavenly, it was so good that Leon took another sip and another sip without stopping until it was finished.

As soon as he finished the tea, notifications started popping in front of him.

[You have recovered stamina.]

[You have recovered stamina.]

...

’As expected of her... Her food is enchanted with magic.’ Leon thought with a smile.

"Was it good, Sir ?" Ellie asked with a hesitated expression.

"Oh... It was perfect. They must be making a fortune no ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Ah... Please wait a second. I will be back in a second." Ellie spoke as she immediately went upstairs.

’Where did she go ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression as he continued to wait for the next one minute but when Ellie didn’t come down, Leon stood up from the chair.

"Ellie... Are you alright ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

Suddenly, a loud thudding sound started coming from the stairs.

"What the-!?" Before Leon could’ve gone there, he saw Ellie dragging a very big and heavy bag down the stairs with all her efforts.

"These... are your coins, Sir." Ellie spoke as she struggled to drag the bag down.

Leon immediately walked upto her and helped her bring the bag the down.

"I-I will bring the other five bags Immediately." Ellie spoke as she started going up.

"Hey, wait... Why didn’t you converted the coins into gold coins ? You would’ve had an easy time carrying them." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Umm... Those are gold coins, Sir." Ellie spoke with a neutral expression.

"What !?" Leon asked with a shocked expression as he immediately opened the bag and noticed that it was stuffed with golden coins to the top.

"How many of them are inside ?" Leon asked with a confused and shocked expression.

"About eight hundred coins, Sir." Ellie replied with a neutral expression.

"...and I have five other bags of this ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes... Is something wrong, Mr. Leon ?" Ellie asked with a worried expression.

"No... It’s just, how much are you selling a day ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"About three thousand creame puffs are sold to normal people and about seven thousand creame puffs are sold to the Adventurer’s Guild, Sir.

Then there is tea as well, we have priced it at the same price as the creame puffs and they sell at a very good price as well." Ellie replied with a neutral expression.

"Why the Adventurer’s Guild purchasing so many Creame Puffs ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah yes, at first the guild master suggested to sell him the recipe of the creame puffs but I told him that it wasn’t mine to give and that’s when he gave me the contract of seven thousand creame puffs per month.

He said something about adventurers buying it because they don’t like the normal mana potions but I couldn’t understand what he meant." Ellie replied with a confused expression.

’Of course... They replenish mana and give cooldown. Why won’t they give it to their adventurers to attract more in order to join them.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"They are selling four coppers a piece exclusively to their adventurers. I mean they are in loss aren’t they ?" Ellie added with confused expressions.

"Of course they are... More adventurers will join them because they will be getting the creame puff one copper cheaper and more adventurers means more guild tax for them.

A brilliant move." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Ah... So that’s how it is." Ellie spoke with an understanding nod.

"Where are the bags ? I will just take them myself." Leon spoke as he looked at Ellie.

"Oh... That would be a huge help. Please follow me, Sir." Ellie spoke as she started walking upstairs.

Leon started following her upstairs without wasting another second.

In just a bit both of them reached onto the second floor. Five bag full of gold coins were stacked up against the wall.

"Nice." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately walked upto the bags and touched them one by one.

<Inventory>

"Store... Store... Store... Store... Store..."

Since the bags were under the weight limit, he stored all of them in his inventory.

"You know, Mr.Leon... I don’t really care about all the money I earned using the creame puffs or the Tea." Ellie spoke with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at her with a confused smile.

"The only thing that I wanted to earn was the respect that my family deserved and now no one in this whole village calls me a whore’s daughter or my mother a whore.

That’s all because of you, Mr. Leon and I will stay indebted to you forever for this." Ellie spoke as she immediately went down on both of her knees and placed her head on the ground in order to show her deep respect for Leon.

"No need for that Ellie... I just have you a simple recipe. It’s all your work. Now, I have to leave... take care and say hi to your mother for me." Leon spoke with a smile as he patted her head started going down the stairs.

"I understand, Sir." Ellie spoke as she followed Leon downstairs and bid him farewell as he left the house.

"Wow... That creame puff idea turned out to be hundred times better than I thought." Leon spoke as a big smile spread across his face.

"Where to now, Master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he turned back into his orginal form.

"Wait a second..." Leon spoke as he started looking at the ground with a confused expression.

"Ah here." After looking for a while he picked up a wooden stick.

"Hmm...?" Dusk looked at the stick with a confused expression.

"Show me the way." Leon spoke in a low voice.

<Compass Of Heart>

A faint golden glow covered the stick for a second and then disappeared.

Leon then opened the map that Rees have him and looked at the ’X’ mark on the map.

He then placed the stick on the ground and let it fall down freely.

*Thud*

The stick fell over the snow covered ground, pointing towards south.

"We will go south." Leon spoke with a smile.

"As you command, Master." Dusk spoke as he immediately sat down allowing Leon to sit on his back.

*Hup*

Leon immediately jumped on his back and started running towards the south.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220: Killian: The Bow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dusk thundered across the snow-covered plains, his paws kicking up white dust as he galloped toward the southern border of the Human Kingdom. Atop his back sat Leon, his expression calm and unreadable, his eyes lost in quiet thought.

Though the sky was growing brighter, a curtain of dark clouds still loomed over the twin suns, casting a dim shadow over the snowy expanse. The snowfall had ceased, but the world remained cloaked in cold silence.

Leon slowly lifted his hand and balanced a thin wooden stick upon his palm. Releasing his grip ever so slightly, he allowed the stick to begin falling southward—but before it could tumble completely, he caught it again.

’Still south.’ Leon thought for a second before opening the map.

’A forest in front of a white-dotted lake... But why is the forest drawn upside-down? And what are these white dots in the lake?’ Leon narrowed his eyes in confusion, studying the strange map markings with growing curiosity.

Screech—!

"What the-!?"

Dusk came to an abrupt halt, jerking Leon from his concentration.

Sniff-Sniff

"Master... Blood. A very strong stench—it’s coming from that direction," Dusk said, his voice grim as his gaze fixed on a distant wooden gate.

Etched in faded, weatherworn letters above the gate were the words:

"Truvale Checkpost."

Leon read the sign aloud with a flat tone as he tucked the map back into his inventory and slid down from Dusk’s back.

"I can feel it, Master... death. Thick and heavy in the air. Thousands have been killed here," Dusk muttered, his fur bristling as if gripped by invisible dread.

"I heard the rumors... A monster wave tore through this place days ago," Leon replied, his tone still neutral as he stepped toward the gate.

The moment he crossed the threshold, the foul stench hit him like a hammer.

*Sniff*

"Fucking hell... What is wrong with this smell?" Leon coughed, yanking out his handkerchief and pressing it against his nose.

"The cold’s preserving the bodies. That’s why the stench hasn’t spread further. Had this happened in another season, the entire kingdom would be choking on it," Dusk explained, his voice low.

As they entered deeper into the checkpost, rows of bodies came into view—lined up, covered in white cloth, stretching across both sides of the ruined outpost.

’This is a massacre... Just like Justin said, they lied about the monsters. Not a single monster corpse is in sight,’ Leon thought, walking toward one of the shrouded bodies. With a slow hand, he lifted the frozen cloth.

"Fucking hell..." he muttered, his eyes shutting briefly at the sight before him.

The corpse was butchered. Her stomach torn open, heart ripped out, limbs mangled, and her lower jaw crushed beyond recognition. She had once been a woman—now, she was nothing more than a horror frozen in time.

Leon gently pulled the cloth back over her, covering the grisly sight.

"What the hell could do something like this?" he asked, his tone tight as he turned to Dusk.

Sniff-Sniff

"I don’t know, Master... But I still smell fresh blood. It’s coming from over there," Dusk said, already padding toward the other side of the outpost.

Leon followed—and froze.

An elven corpse lay sprawled in the snow, a gleaming golden bow clutched in his hands. The sight triggered a flicker of recognition in Leon’s eyes.

"This guy..." Leon stepped forward, his eyes narrowed.

"You know him, Master?" Dusk asked.

"The third son of Freya Virellium... Serandor Virellium, if I remember correctly," Leon said, inspecting the mutilated corpse.

"The elf prince? The one you fought at Eagle’s Eye Checkpost?" Dusk’s tone was tinged with disbelief.

"Yes." Leon’s voice grew tense.

’What the hell could do this to an elf prince? And what was he even doing here?’ Leon wondered, his eyes scanning Serandor’s ravaged body.

"Master... more elf corpses," Dusk called from farther ahead.

Leon strode over and stopped cold.

Hundreds of elven soldiers lay dead, their bodies strewn in chaotic patterns. Blood stained the snow beneath them.

"We should leave, Master. Staying here isn’t safe," Dusk warned.

"I can’t agree more with you, Dusk." Leon spoke with a serious expression. "Just give me a second."

He ran back to Serandor’s body and knelt beside him, eyeing the exquisite bow.

"This won’t be of any use to you anymore," Leon said as he gripped the bow. But Serandor’s fingers were frozen tight around the string.

"Let go of the bow... motherfucker," Leon muttered, yanking with full strength.

Snap—!

The taut string sliced clean through the elf’s frozen hand as Leon pried the bow free.

The moment he did, the runes and embedded gems across the bow shimmered to life—glowing with ethereal light.

[Aren’t you ashamed of yourself? Stealing from a corpse?]

A voice echoed in Leon’s mind, stern and disdainful.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned, scanning his surroundings.

[What are you looking around for, stupid kid? Not like you can hear me anyway. Why am I even talking to you.

Just don’t sell me to some cheap—]

"Is that you talking?" Leon interrupted, staring at the bow.

[W-What?! You can hear me?!]

"I can."

[But... that’s impossible. No one has ever been able to hear me.]

"I’m hearing you and wondering, why can a bow speak ?"

[I am no ordinary bow, kid. I am a Divine Artifact. My name is Killian, the Fourth High Judgement.]

"That’s a long name," Leon smirked, and activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Killian]

[Type: Divine Artifact]

[Rank: SS]

[Title: {The Fourth High Judgement}]

[Description: Killian is one of the seven divine artifacts scattered across the world after the death of Goddess Ikola. Only those with pure and courageous hearts can wield the full power of Killian.]

’An SS-ranked weapon?! So this is what he was using to fire those enchanted arrows back at Eagle’s Eye Checkpost...’ Leon thought in shock.

[You can talk to me... but you can’t use me, kid. I sense selfishness in you. You care only for yourself and those you love. Just like my previous owner.]

"Who wants to use a talking bow?" Leon said flatly. "I’ll just trade you for food."

[W-What?! Trade me?! For food?! I am a Divine Artifact! You should be groveling to please me! Try to amuse me and I might let you use me for—]

Leon cut the bow off mid-sentence—by stuffing it straight into his inventory.

"Try to amuse a bow... what a joke." He scoffed. "Maybe Gerald can dismantle it and use the parts to upgrade Nyxter."

Without another glance, he returned to Dusk and climbed onto his back.

Once more, he placed the guiding stick on his palm. It tilted downward—toward the south.

"We will keep going south, Dusk," Leon ordered calmly.

"Yes, Master." Dusk replied as he started running south once again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221: Steelweb Spider
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dusk is now running through the Flembern Forest with full speed since it’s a dangerous place crawling with unknown monsters.

"I thought this was supposed to be barren land according to the books in the human kingdom’s library. I don’t see how this is barren." Leon asked as he looked around the forest and noticed birds and small animals running through.

"According to humans, wherever they don’t live is a barren land, Master and every unknown thing is either a Monster or an Angel.

So, I won’t believe in that." Dusk replied with a neutral tone as he continued to run.

"What did you say the name of this forest again ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Flembern Forest, Master." Dusk replied.

"If this place hasn’t been discovered by the humans, how come it has a name ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Dwarfs have a hobby of travelling around the world and so do the Elfs... Maybe one of them named it." Dusk replied.

"Flembern... Sounds more like a name that a human would come up-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he felt something on the back of his neck.

<Sixth Sense>

He immediately bent backwards and noticed a very sharp string made out of metal pass very closely to his nose.

"Dusk STOP." Leon shouted and without wasting another second, Dusk’s claws stabbed the ground and he came to a sudden stop.

"What happened Master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he looked around scanning for any potential threat.

*Hup*

Leon immediately jumped down from his back and started walking back... Where he saw the almost invisible metal string.

"Who put this here ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at the metal tied tightly between two trees.

"What is it master ?" Dusk asked as he walked upto Leon.

"Can’t you see this ? There is a metal string tied between these two trees." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the string.

"I-I can’t see it... Master." Dusk spoke as he slowly jumped up and tried to touch the string with his tail but the fur that touched the string got seprated from his body immediately.

"That’s sharp." Leon spoke as he looked at Dusk’s fur falling down on the ground.

"Oh my god... Master we should get out of here. I have heard about this, it’s a-" Before dusk could’ve completed his sentence, Leon heard something.

*Tick-Tick-Tick-Tick-Tick*

"Something is closing in... from that side." Leon spoke as he immediately opened his inventory and pulled out the Nyxter and some exploding beads.

*Swish*

Suddenly, a huge figure jumped out of the bushes and landed directly in front of them.

A huge black coloured spider with eight armoured legs and six glowing red eyes on it’s head. Green coloured saliva was falling down from it’s mouth and when it touched the snow, it melted instantly.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill...

<Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Class: Monster]

[Race: Steelweb Spider]

[Level: 45]

[HP: 17000/17000]

[MP: 30000/30000]

[Description: A steelweb spider weaves threads made out of pure steel and covers them with a special stealth liquid, making them completely invisible to naked eyes of any living being.

Steelweb spiders mainly consumes monsters with high iron and copper in their body. They also consume raw metal ores in order to produce steelwebs and the side product left after melting the ores is filled in a separate chamber of her stomach that she spits out on her captured targets to turn them into a beverage for easy digestion.]

"That’s one really intresting spider right there." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at the steelweb spider.

"Master... She can weave invisible webs made out of a very sharp and sturdy metal. It’s body is also covered with that same material, I don’t think my attacks will have any attacks on her.

I don’t think we can take fight with her. Should I get ready to run away ?" Dusk asked with a serious expression.

"Calm down now, Dusk. You are the one who rang the dinner bell for her." Leon spoke with a smile as he focused his eyes on the steelweb spider.

"W-What !? When did I do that ?" Dusk asked with a shocked expression.

"Spiders can immediately sense it when someone touches their web and she is observing us carefully because most of the time when this happens, most of her prey are found dead or half-dead when she arrives here." Leon spoke with a smile as he waited for her to make the first move.

*Spit*

And without wasting another second, the steelweb spider spitted out the green toxic waste from her mouth that flew towards Leon with full speed.

But it wasn’t fast enough to hit him and he easily dodged it by stepping aside.

*Sssssssssss*

Although when the toxic waste hitted the tree behind him... It melted the tree’s trunk immediately.

"Well... we don’t have to get hit by that." Leon spoke as he turned to look at the steelweb spider.

*Spit-Spit-Spit*

Without giving him any breaks the spider spitted three more projectiles towards him and all three of them were coming at him from different directions.

"Well... Isn’t that just great ? She can throw..." Leon started speaking as he turned to left then turned to the right immediately and dodged two of them easily.

"... multiple spit balls at us." He then sucked down and dodged the third one as well but some of it still fell over Leon’s shoulder and instantly burned through his clothes.

*Ssssssssssss*

"Shit... It burns like hell." Leon spoke as he felt the it on his shoulder.

<Pain’s Recovery>

Since Leon never turned off the recovery skill he still had hundred plus stacks on it that helped him heal the wound instantly but the burning sensation still stayed on his shoulder because some of it was still stuck on his coat.

"You bitch... You burned my clothes, eat this." Leon spoke as he threw a six hundred seal imprinted bead towards her.

*Spit*

*Sssssssssssss*

But before the bead could’ve covered even half of the way, she threw a spit projectile towards it and melted it in the middle of the air.

"Wow... She is not stupid at all and that’s a problem." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he started thinking about another plan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222: Village in the middle of forest ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon looked at the Steelweb spider with a serious expression as he started making different plans in his mind.

*Spit*

The spider continued to throw it’s acidic spit projectile from a distance hoping to get Leon with one of them but Leon was easily dodging them.

’Well... Let’s see if you can deal with this.’ Leon thought as an idea came to his mind and he immediately picked up two rocks from the ground.

"Melt this... Bitch." Leon spoke as he threw both of the rocks at her with full speed.

*Spit*

*Spit*

The steelweb spider immediately spitted twice as fast and melted both of the rocks in mid-air.

"How the fuck is she doing that ?" Leon asked with a shocked expression as he looked at the steelweb spider.

"Master... Should I try to attack her from behind." Dusk asked as he looked at Leon.

"No... Stay back. You can’t see her webs, if she pulled out one mid-battle you will be dead before you can blink." Leon ordered with a serious expression.

*Spit-Spit-Spit*

The steelweb spider threw three spit projectiles towards him with full speed and all of the them were coming at him from all possible dodging angles.

But Leon wasn’t idiot... He immediately jumped back and ducked down in order to dodge all the projectiles.

’Her eyes see everything and her reflexes to anything that is coming at her from the front or back are too fast.

She spits and melts any potential threat mid-air. That’s one intelligent monster.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as another idea popped in his head.

"Dusk... Collect all the stones near that tree." Leon ordered as he immediately started collecting stones from the ground while dodging the steelweb spider’s webs.

"Y-Yes, Master." Dusk spoke as he immediately started collecting stones with his mouth, even though he didn’t knew what Leon was trying to do... He didn’t doubt his orders and followed them without any question.

*Spit-Spit-Spit*

*Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit*

*Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit*

As Leon dodged her attacks and collected the stones, he noticed something strange...

’Every few seconds... The number of projectiles that she can throw at me are increasing and if this continues, I will melt before I can execute my plan.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

*Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit*

"Take this bitch..." Leon spoke as he threw two stones at her once again.

*Spit-Spit*

The steelweb spider focused some of it’s eyes on the stones as she melted them with her acidic saliva and kept an eye out for any sneak attacks from Leon’s side.

"Take this too..." Leon spoke as he continued to throw stones at her.

*Spit-Spit-Spit-Spit*

’As long as I keep throwing rocks at her, she attacks them first and that’s a very vulnerable position for her.

Because her focus get’s splitted in that very moment.’ Leon thought with a smile as he continued to throw stones at her for the next one minute and then... He stopped.

The spider immediately looked at Leon and noticed that he was holding two dark blades in both hands and a wicked smile on his face.

"Dusk... Get ready to hide." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Yes, Master." Dusk replied as he immediately looked at a nearby tree.

"You kept looking at me and the stones that I was throwing at you, but you forgot to look down... stupid spider." Leon spoke with a smile as he pointed towards the ground.

As soon as the Steelweb spider looked down at the ground, she noticed two snowy lines coming directly under her from Leon’s feet.

*Tick-Tick*

As soon as she took a step back, she noticed two exploding beads right under her legs.

"Die... Bitch. Kabooom." Leon spoke as he immediately rolled back and hided behind a fallen tree.

*Roll*

Dusk did the same and in a split second, he also hided behind the tree that he was looking at.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

....

Two very loud explosions took place in the middle of the forest and blew up most of the trees away with a ton of snow.

As soon as the things settled down, Leon slowly raised his head and noticed half blown corpse of the steelweb spider lying down on the ground.

"Oh well... That was a loud explosion. You can come out now, Dusk." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at the right.

"Y-Yes... Master." Dusk replied as he slowly came out and noticed the corpse of the steelweb spider.

"She was one tough opponent." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at her corpse.

*Swish*

Suddenly, a white glow erupted from her corpse and it disappeared completely... Leaving behind a small piece of paper flying mid-air with a blue hue around it.

"W-What’s happening ?" Dusk asked with a shocked expression as he couldn’t understand anything.

[Congratulations! You have received a C-rank skill drop from the monster {Steelweb Spider}.]

"Hmm...?" Leon immediately walked upto the piece of paper and grabbed it with hurry.

[Name: Steelweb Armour]

[Rank: C]

[Drop Chance: 2%]

[Description: A special and rare skill that can only be dropped by the steelweb spider. When used this skill can form a very strong armour made out of pure steel around the user’s body.

Grants +31% Magic damage resistance | +50% Physical damage resistance | 5% Chance to reflect enemy damage (150% Magic damage Reflection, 100% Physical Damage Reflection).]

[Duration: 15 minutes after activation.]

[Mana: 3000/Use]

[Cooldown: 1 Hour]

"Holy fucking shit... This is a really good defensive skill." Leon spoke as he looked at the page.

Without wasting another second, he immediately tore the skill page into two and it disappeared.

[Would you like to-]

"Yes, Learn it." Leon spoke even before the notification was completed.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Steelweb Armour}.]

"Steelweb Armour..." Leon spoke as he immediately activated the skill.

*Swish-Swish-Swish*

In a split second, his whole body got covered with a heavily reinforced dark steelweb armour.

Leon moved his hands and noticed that it felt very similar to a silk cloth.

He then took a step forward and did a back-flip.

"Wow... This is very flexible." Leon spoke with a smile.

[You have temporarily gained: +45000 Hit Points.]

"What ?" As soon as this notification popped up in front of him, a confused expression appeared over his face.

"Something wrong with it... Master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"No... It’s something else." Leon replied as he continued to observe the notification.

’I gained 45000 HP just from this armour but-’ and suddenly it hit him.

’I am such an idiot... I wasn’t wearing any armour till now and that’s why everyone I saw had more HP then me.

It all depends on the armour, the better armour I wear the more hit points I will get. Fuck... When did I became such an idiot.’ Leon thought as he de-activated the skill and the armour disappeared from his body immediately.

*Swish*

[-45000 HP]

"Master... It’s about to be night soon, we should get out of this forest." Dusk spoke with a serious expression as he looked around.

"Yeah... Let’s go." Leon spoke as he immediately jumped over Dusk’s back and he started running south once again.

"Master... Can I ask what kind of spell you used to kill that spider ?" Dusk asked as he continued to run forward.

"Exploding beads... I used one of them back in the dungeon if you remember." Leon replied with a smile.

"I remember now master. But, that explosion and this explosion had such a huge difference... Why was that master ?" Dusk asked.

"That was-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he noticed something odd.

"Dusk stop." He ordered.

*Screech*

As soon as Dusk stopped, Leon jumped down from his back and noticed that there were lights coming from inside the forest.

"What is that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"M-Master... I don’t think we should go there. This forest can create illusions very easily in order to keep the prey here for the rest of their life." Dusk replied with a serious expression.

"I don’t think it’s an illusion, Dusk. Because if my eyes aren’t deceiving me... That’s a whole fucking village in the middle of a forest." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he noticed the villagers roaming around the village in very heavy clothings and carrying food in their hands.

The odd thing about the village was that not even a single snowflake was falling inside it.

It was if there is an invisible dome protecting it.

...

As Leon focused, he noticed some really beautiful MILFs sitting near a campfire.

"What is happening in our there ?"

"I don’t know."

"Didn’t you guys heard those explosions ?"

"I can’t say I didn’t heard them... But the elders won’t let us go and check."

"Well, who needs the permission of those old geezers ? Let’s just go and find out what that was." A woman in her thirties spoke as she stood up from her place with a confident expression on her face.

"No, No... Mia, you know what happens when someone takes a step out of the village don’t you ?"

"Oh come on... It’s just a myth. It doesn’t really happen and I know magic, I can protect myself."

"Don’t challenge the forest, Mia. We are already cursed once. I don’t think you would want to do that again." An old man spoke as he stepped out of his house.

[Author: You know what’s coming 😏.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223: Cursed Fairies
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh come on... we aren’t cursed, Old man. I have been living in this forest for the past thirty years.

I got married, my husband ran away with my son and some slut from the village and you still believe in that curse thing ?" Mia asked with a serious expression as she looked at the old man.

"They didn’t ran away, Mia. The forest never let’s the villagers escape... You know that. They must be dead out there somewhere." The old man replied with a serious expression.

"I don’t even know what is out there... Don’t you guys ever want to go out and see what is beyond this forest ?" Mia asked with a serious expression.

’What the hell is she talking about ? How are they cursed ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Master... There." Dusk spoke as he pointed towards the ground.

Leon looked down and noticed something strange on the ground.

He immediately pushed the snow away and noticed that it was a stone slab with runes engraved over it.

"What is this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he immediately activated his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Unknown]

[Type: Unknown]

[Rank: Unknown]

[Description: A powerful stone slab enchanted with unknown magic runes that protects anything around them from cursed energy.]

’Wow... That’s one very helpful status screen.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he immediately closed the screen looked up at the village.

*Sniff-Sniff*

"What’s that smell ? Do you smell it too ?" Leon asked as he turned to look at dusk.

"Yes Master... I think it’s coming from that side." Dusk spoke as he immediately pointed towards the north side.

As soon as Leon turned around to look at the north side, he noticed some figures coming out of the bushes.

"Monsters..." Leon spoke as he immediately stood up and pulled out the Nyxter from his inventory and used his skill on one of them.

<Inspect>

[Name: Imbla]

[Race: Cursed Fairy]

[Class: Unknown]

[Level: 330]

[HP: Unknown]

[MP: Unknown]

[Description: Fairies are the spirits and guardians of the forest but a dark force has corrupted her heart turning her into a very dangerous and powerful cursed monster.]

’Level 330 !?’ Leon thought with a shocked expression as he immediately closed the status screen.

"Hehe... Fresh food."

"Can I eat his legs ?"

"I want to eat his head."

"No, No... I will first burn him over the fire and then eat him."

As soon as one of them stepped into the moonlight, Leon noticed her gruesome face.

Black vines were growing out of her eyes, nose and ears... Her skin was rotten and bugs were living in their arms and legs.

"Dusk... Get ready to run, we are-"

"M-Ma-ster... H-Help." Dusk’s voice came from behind.

As soon as Leon turned around, he noticed another cursed fairy standing right behind him and she was grabbing dusk by the throat.

"This one seems more tasty and more meat on his body.... This should be enough to satisfy master for tonight." The fairy spoke as she started walking away with Dusk.

"I am only going to say this once... Leave him." Leon spoke with a very serious expression as he looked at the fairy and inserted his hand inside his pocket.

<Adeline Rush>

His eyes immediately turned completely dark as he pulled out all the exploding beads he had in his pocket.

"Hmmm...? Don’t worry, we are going to eat you as well. I am just taking your pet monster as food for my master." The fairy spoke as she continued to walk forward.

"Suit yourself..." Leon spoke as he immediately threw all the beads towards her and spoke the word.

"Kabooom..."

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

...

Multiple explosions took place in the forest and smoke covered the whole area... Even the village.

"W-What is happening ?"

"I-I can’t see anything."

"Why is there so much smoke ?"

"What were those explosions ?"

"Runnnn... It’s those monstersss."

"AHHHHHHHHHH..."

...

All the villagers started panicking and shouting as they immediately ran into their homes and started hiding.

<Wind Blades>

Suddenly, thousands of wind blades tore through the smoke and cleared the vision.

"Where are they ?" One of the cursed fairy asked as she looked at her partner.

"I didn’t see..."

"Your hand." One of them spoke as she pointed towards the fairy that was holding Dusk before the explosion.

As soon as the fairy turned to look at her hand, she noticed that it was cut from the middle.

"Hmm....?"

*Swish*

But in a split second black vines started growing out of her wound and created a whole new hand.

"Look... There they are." One of the fairy spoke as she pointed towards the village and noticed that Leon and Dusk are lying unconscious inside the village.

The wounds on Leon’s body healed really fast but Dusk’s wounds weren’t healing that fast, blood was flowing out of his body without any stops.

*Blink-Blink*

Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed that all the fairies looking at him with a neutral expressions.

"Hmm... Master won’t be very pleased to know that we didn’t bring anything for him to eat."

"Let’s go and hunt some other monster."

"You are lucky."

The fairies spoke as they left immediately after that.

"Fuck..." Leon murmured in a low voice as he slowly stood up and noticed that Dusk’s blood was all over his body.

"Dusk ? Are you alright ?" Leon asked as he slowly placed his hand over his chest and noticed that his heart was still working.

’I should supply him some mana...’ He thought as he immediately started giving mana to Dusk.

[-1000 MP]

[-1000 MP]

[-1000 MP]

[-1000 MP]

...

"W-Who are you ?" A scared voice came from the left voice.

Leon slowly turned his head to left side and noticed the same girl ’Mia’ standing there with her legs trembling in fear and she was holding a stick in her hands.

"Hello, Mia." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he waved his hand at her.

"H-How do you know my name ?" Mia asked with a scared and confused expression.

"Hah... Good question." Leon replied as he looked at dusk and noticed that he was moving his paws slowly.

"Dusk... Can you hear me ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"W-We have to kill that monster. M-Monsters can’t enter inside the village... We have to-" Mia spoke as she started walking towards Dusk with her stick but Leon immediately snatched the stick from her hand and broke it.

*Break*

"He is not a monster. So, try to-" Suddenly Leon felt weakness in his body.

’I am not regenerating mana. Why ?’ He thought with a serious expression.

[Note: You have entered inside a <Null> Area. Mana regeneration will not be available until you leave the area.]

As soon as he read the notification, his expressions turned grim.

’If I didn’t regenerate mana... Dusk will not be healed.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Who are you ?" A sound came from behind as a cold iron blade was placed against Leon’s neck.

"Haa..." Leon turned around and noticed a very muscular man standing behind him.

"I am not from around here. Some cursed fairies were trying to kill me... So I just jumped into your Village." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"This monster... Is he with you ?" The man asked with a serious expression.

"Yes and if any of you tried to touch him... I swear he or she won’t see tomorrow’s light." Leon threatened with a serious expression.

<Bluff>

As soon as the skill was activated, Leon felt some of his mana chipping away.

"You can’t use magic here... Don’t try to give me threats kid. The man spoke with a serious expression as sweat started forming over his forehead.

"You don’t want to try me... Didn’t you hear the explosions a few seconds ago ? I did that and I won’t hesitate to do them here.

So, you better take this blade off from my neck or..."

"O-Okay... Okay, I-I am not hurting you man." The man replied with a hesitated and scared expression as he immediately removed the sword from Leon’s neck.

"You look so young... What are you doing here in these woods, Kid ?" The old man asked as he took a step towards Leon.

"I had no plans to interrupt you guys and your little village. I will leave tomorrow." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"You can’t leave here, Kid." The old man replied with a serious expression.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The nearest forest exit is too far to cover on foot and even if you use this monster as your ride... I don’t think you can make it to the exit before evening.

Once the evening arrives... You will be doomed, the cursed creatures that you just encountered will kill you and eat you." The old man replied with a serious expression.

"I think we should talk about this tomorrow. Should I show him to James’ old house ?"

"Yes... He can live there." The old man replied with a neutral expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224: The Talk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now standing in front of a withered and old house, he is holding Dusk in his arms and a villager is standing right next to him.

"This house belongs to one of the guy that used to live here. His name was James, he was a really good guy." The villager spoke as he looked at Leon with a neutral expression.

"What happened to him ?" Leon asked.

"Oh... He thought he can make it out of the forest and left the village."

"Maybe he escaped." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he opened the gate and entered inside the house.

"No he didn’t..." The villager replied with a sad expression.

"Hmm..?"

"His head was tossed back in the village by those cursed monsters. So we pretty much knew that he was dead."

Leon slowly placed dusk on the ground and walked out of the house.

"My name is Leon Luster." He spoke as he raised his hand towards the guy.

"Oh... I am Olive, just Olive. My parents didn’t give me a last name." Olive replied as he shaked hands with Leon.

"Olive, what do you know about the outside world ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Outside world ?" Olive asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah... The world that’s out of this forest." Leon spoke.

"There is nothing out there, except those monsters. That’s what my parents said." Olive replied with a straight face.

’As excepted that means they have been living here for a very long time period that they have forgotten everything about the outside world.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"I see... but what about you ? What do you think ? Is there something out there ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Why would I think ? I know what’s out there and it’s nothing. You are one weird guy. Anyway take some sleep... You are going to have a long day tomorrow." Olive spoke as he left immediately after that.

"Hey, You..." A sound came from the other side of the house.

"Hmm...?" Leon immediately turned around and noticed Mia hiding behind the house.

"Why are you hiding ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Come here..." Mia spoke as she gestured towards Leon.

Leon immediately walked upto her and noticed that she is checking him out from top to below.

"Hmm... Those clothes are good. Is that what they wear out there nowadays ?" Mia asked with a curious expression as she slowly touched Leon’s chest.

"You were afraid of me when I entered inside the village and now you are curious about my clothes ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"When I first saw you... I thought you were some freak with a monster but when I focused on your clothes... They are amazing.

We are tailoring monster skin into clothes here for I don’t know how many years and wearing them but when I was a little girl, my grandfather taught me about this material.

It’s silk, right ?" Mia asked as she looked at Leon.

"Kind of but it’s mixed with-"

"I knew it... They called me crazy for believing my grandfather but I knew that he wasn’t crazy.

There are other humans out there, right ? And the oceans of water too ? It’s all true right ?" Mia asked with a curious smile.

"Everything you have heard from your grandfather is true." Leon replied with a smile.

"Yes... I knew it. You will tell that to the villagers tomorrow, right ?" Mia asked with a smile.

"No." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"What !?" She asked with a shocked expression.

"W-Why won’t you tell them the truth ?" Mia asked with a very confused expression.

"Because I don’t want to be called an Idiot like you." Leon replied with a straight face.

"What ? But I am not the idiot... They are the idiots for not believing me and my grandfather. You are the only proof that I have that can prove them wrong and they will stop seeing me as an idiot." Mia spoke with a worried expression.

"You know most of the wise people are often regarded as idiots. Now, if you think that a village full of idiots are going to believe me when I tell them about the things that they can’t even imagine, I think they will also consider me an idiot.

Don’t you think ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"But... You are wearing these clothes. You can show it to them." Mia spoke with a serious expression.

"What should I tell them ? Oh hey look, I am wearing clothes made out of silk and there are oceans full of water out there.

I will get the hell out of this village tomorrow. That’s why I don’t have to prove anything to anyone." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he turned around and walked back into the house.

*Thud*

He closed the door and sat right next to dusk.

’I should’ve listened to Dusk when he told me to get out of this forest. I can’t regenerate any mana while inside this village.

I need to step out of the protection runes if I want to recover my mana. But for now... All I want to do is just sleep.’ Leon thought as he slowly placed his head against the wall and closed his eyes.

....

*Blink-Blink*

"Hmm...? What’s this place ?" Leon asked as he opened his eyes and noticed that everything is really dark around him and there is water all over the ground.

*Sob-Sob-Sob-Sob*

Suddenly, he heard sobbing sounds coming from behind.

As soon as he turned around, there was a lady with four wings coming out of her back, sitting near a huge tree and she was crying while hugging the tree.

"Excuse me ? Hello ?" Leon asked as he started walking towards her.

The lady didn’t reply and continued to cry.

*Sob-Sob-Sob-Sob*

"Hello ? I am talking to you lady. Can you hear-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, the lady turned around and looked at Leon.

Her eyes were emerald green and golden tears were flowing out of them.

There were black vines over her neck just like the cursed fairies and they were choking her.

"You are the last hope..." The lady spoke as she disappeared.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he turned around and noticed seven cursed fairies standing behind him.

....

"HAAAAAH..."

*Blink-Blink*

Leon immediately woke up from his dream and sucked in a lot of air into his lungs.

"What the fuck !?" He spoke with a serious expression as he looked around the house and noticed light coming in from the windows.

"Master... Are you alright ?" Dusk’s voice came from the side.

"You are awake... Dusk." Leon spoke with a surprised expression.

"Thank you for saving me from those monsters, Master." Dusk spoke as he immediately bowed his head to Leon.

"How are you feeling ?" Leon asked as he looked at him.

"I feel better than last night master but my body needs mana to heal and I can’t sense even a tiny bit of mana inside this house." Dusk replied as he looked at Leon.

"The whole village is covered with the protection runes... They protect the village from cursed fairies and also negates the mana regeneration." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at dusk and stood up from the ground.

"Should we leave master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... But first, I will heal you completely." Leon spoke as he opened the door and walked out of the house.

As soon as he walked out, Leon noticed all the villagers stopped working as soon as he walked out and started looking at him with confused expressions.

Leon didn’t pay them much attention and started walking forward.

Dusk stepped out of the house behind Leon and everyone in the village stepped aside with worried and scared expressions on their faces.

Village Chief’s House...

The old man is boiling some water over the firewoods and he is staring at the fire with a blank expression.

*Knock-Knock*

"Hmm..? Who came this early ? Come in." He replied immediately.

*Click*

The gate opened up and Oliver entered indi the house.

"Oh Oliver... What are you doing here so early in the morning ?" The old man asked with a confused expression.

"The boy and his beast is awake and they are going towards the boundary, Sir Orion." Oliver spoke as he looked at the old man.

"I am coming." Orion replied as he immediately stood up, grabbed his stick and started walking towards the exit gate.

As soon as he exited the house, he noticed that Leon and Dusk are walking towards the village boundry.

"Are you leaving young man ?" Orion asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Is it a problem ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at the old man.

"Can I talk to you before you leave ? In the house ?" The old man asked as he looked at Leon.

"Sure." Leon replied as he immediately started walking towards Orion’s house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225: The village chief’s offer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside Orion’s house...

Orion is sitting on his chair and he is sipping some warm water while looking at Leon who is sitting right across him on the table.

*Sip-Sip*

Dusk is sitting right next to Leon and he is looking around the house with a neutral expression.

"What do you want old man ? I was just leaving." Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Orion.

"My name is Orion, Mr. Leon." He spoke with a smile as he placed the cup of warm water on the table.

"Okay....?" Leon replied with a confused expression expression.

"I don’t want you to die, Mr. Leon." Orion spoke as he looked at Leon.

"The feeling is mutual, Orion." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"You are the first visitor that we have came across in the last fifty years or so and it’s a miracle.

I think it’s god’s will that brought you here, because your timing couldn’t be any better." Orion replied with a smile.

"How is that ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"You see... when the day comes up, we are free to get out of the village and venture into the forest to hunt and get food.

But for the last few years, most of our males are not making it to the village safely. Once the sun sets... The cursed monsters come out and hunts them down." Orion explained.

"So... What do you want me to do about that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"There are thirty eligible females in this village and only six males. If you count me and two others out... only three of the males are eligible out of which two of them are children and only-"

"Wait... What do you mean by ’Eligible’ ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Fertile... The ones who can give birth to the next of our generation and I want you to implant your seed into their wombs before you leave this village.

Until you are here, we will provide you with everything and you don’t have to do anything." Orion spoke as he looked at Leon.

As soon as Leon heard this, a smile appeared over his face...

"So what you are saying is that I fuck all thirty woman in your village and impregnate them ?" Leon asked with a smirk.

"Exactly. That’s right... You just have to impregnate them and you can leave after that." Orion spoke as he nodded immediately.

"Hah... Your offer is really good but I am not a child making machine, Orion. Although... I will definitely be thinking about fucking all the woman in this village.

If anyone of them got lucky, maybe they can have my baby." Leon spoke with a smile as he stood up and started walking towards the door.

"Thank you, Mr. Leon... Then I will be informing all the women in the village about this and tell them to be ready at any moment for you." Orion spoke as he also stood up from his chair.

"Do whatever you want." Leon replied as he raised his hand to grab the floor’s handle but before he could’ve grabbed it, Orion’s hand reached it.

"What the-!?" As soon as Leon turned around he noticed that Orion is standing right next to him.

’He was atleast five meters away from me and there is no fucking way he can cover that distance in a split second with that body.

There is something wrong with this old man.’ Leon thought as he immediately tried to use his skill on him.

<Inspect>

[Warning: Your mana is below critical levels, no spells can be used at the moment. Zero mana consuming spells are no exception.]

’I will be back, Orion.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he exited the house and noticed that all the Village are still looking at him with confused expressions and most of them were women in their thirties.

"I didn’t get a very good feeling about that human, Master." Dusk spoke in a low voice as he looked at Leon.

"Same here." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Once I get healed, we can get out of here master." Dusk replied.

"I think we will be staying here for some more days, Dusk. I want to know more about this village and the old man." Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at Dusk.

"I understand, Master." Dusk nodded immediately.

’All of those women look really ripe and thick... I was thinking of leaving and minding my own buisness but now that he has offered me such a sweet deal... This village and that old man has my undivided attention.

I am going to fuck all thirty of these milfs in the next two days and then get the hell out of here.’ Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face.

After walking for a few steps, Dusk and Leon reached near the same explosion location that he created last night.

The trees and grass were destroyed completely and there was frozen ice all over the ground.

"Let’s go..." Leon spoke as he stepped out of the protection runes and in an instant, a very refreshing feeling filled his body.

[+890777 MP]

[Note: Mana has been recovered. All the spells are ready to use.]

As soon as Leon saw this notification a smile appeared over his face.

He then started moving into the forest and Dusk started following him.

After walking for about one kilometre, Leon noticed that there was no living being visible in view, not even the birds.

"This side of the forest is really silent." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked up at the tree branches.

"I agree, Master. I can’t smell any monster near..." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"Go and stand there dusk... I will be healing you." Leon ordered as he looked at Dusk.

"As you command, Master." Dusk replied with an excited expression as he immediately walked upto the position that Leon had pointed towards and opened his mouth.

Leon slowly raised his finger towards his mouth and started channeling all his mana into his finger.

But this time, something was different... He didn’t require much focus to channel the mana into his finger.

In just a few seconds, a small blue coloured drop of pure mana dropped down from his finger.

[-8000 MP]

As soon as Leon readed the words on the screen his eyes widened in surprise.

’It’s not five thousand... This is not-’ Before he could’ve completed his thought, a very powerful beam flowed out of his finger and went directly inside Dusk’s mouth.

*Zzzzzzzz*

Suddenly, Dusk’s who body started glowing brightly blue.

"That’s enough, Master... That’s enough." Dusk spoke as he immediately stepped aside.

Leon stopped the beam and looked at Dusk with a serious expression.

"Are you alright, Dusk ?" He asked.

"I am good master... I am feeling better than before and-" Before Dusk could’ve completed his sentence, he turned to the right and started looking at the bush with a confused expression.

"What happened ?" Leon asked as he walked upto him and looked at the same bush that Dusk was staring at.

"There is someone behind that bush master... I can smell it." Dusk replied immediately.

<Inventory>

Without any delays, Leon pulled out the Nyxter from his inventory, unsheathed it and connected all five of it’s blades to the mana threads.

"If you don’t come out right now... Five blades will pierce through this bush and then it will be easier to see your dead body." Leon warned as he turned all five blades towards the bush and got ready.

"D-Don’t attack... I-I am innocent." A familiar voice came from the bush.

"Ugh..." Leon groaned as he shaked his head and immediately walked upto the bush.

As soon as he looked behind it, Mia was sitting there all curled up and scared.

"What the hell are you doing here ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at her.

"I-I was just wondering in the forest, when I noticed some voice-"

"You are lying." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Mia.

"O-Okay... I was following you." Mia confessed with an embarrassed expression.

"Why were you following me ?" Leon asked.

"I-I just wanted to see what were you upto." Mia replied.

"Why ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"I thought you were leaving me behind." Mia replied as she looked at Leon.

"Wait... What ? What do you even mean by that ? I was never taking you with me." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Please don’t do this to me.... I can’t live in that village anymore. I just want to get out of this forest... Please, just take me with you and I will do anything you want.

I will even sleep with you or have your child." Mia spoke with a desperate expression as she looked at Leon.

"I-" Before Leon could’ve replied, an idea came to his mind.

"You will do anything ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Yes... Anything you tell me to do. I will just do it." Mia replied with a confident expression.

"Come to my house tonight then." Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226: Just by seeing ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You will come to my house when everybody has fallen asleep, do you understand ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Mia.

"I understand, I understand." Mia immediately nodded her head with an excited expression.

"Go now... What are you waiting for ?" Leon asked as he looked at Mia.

"Ah yes, before I go... Can I ask one more question ?" Mia asked.

"What ?"

"Can you really use magic ?" Mia asked with a confused expression.

"Didn’t you just see me using it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Can you make that rock over there fly ?" She asked with an excited expression just like a little girl.

"That one ? Threads..." Leon asked as he looked at the rock and activated his skill.

"Yes, Yes... That one."

As soon as the rock got binded with the invisible mana thread Leon picked it up from the ground and it looked like the rock was floating in mid-air.

"Woahhhh... So amazinggggg..." Mia spoke with a very impressed expression.

"What else can you do ? Please show me something else." Mia spoke as she turned to look at Leon.

"No... That’s it for today. Now go back to the village, I have some work." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Mia.

"But-"

"No ’Buts’ or I will not take you with me." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I-I am going... Take care, the monsters can smell you around here." Mia spoke as she left immediately after that.

"That’s the problem... I can’t find any monster even if I want to." Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at the trees with a suspicious expression.

"Master... The villagers don’t know about magic, isn’t that odd ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"That’s what I am thinking... These people are living in the middle of the forest full of monsters and they don’t know magic.

Why didn’t their fathers taught them how to use magic ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Maybe because they can’t recover as much mana as you, master and if they focused all day on recovering mana... They won’t have time to hunt for food.

That can be a reason." Dusk spoke as he looked at Leon.

"Natural mana regeneration is enough for them to use basic magic skills like fire and waterball... But, they were using very old lanterns to light up the fire.

I think someone doesn’t want them to learn how to use magic." Leon spoke as a smirk appeared over his face.

"That village chief ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"I think so... Well, I will take as much information possible out of Mia tonight and insert some of my information into her." Leon replied with a smile as he started walking towards the village once again but as he was walking towards the village, Leon activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

’Now... I never wanted to create this skill, ever. But, I had this idea in mind from the day when I came across that pack of demonic wolfs and I can’t risk it here.

So, I will have to make it.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Instant Kill."

[Skill ’Instant Kill’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A passive skill that stays active all the time, whenever the user feels threatened the skill negates all of user’s emotions and increases his thinking and decision making speed.

{Multi-cast} skill be activated automatically, {Glitch Point} skill will be used to mark the target’s weak points.

{Adrenaline rush} skill will be activated at the same time and user’s mind will think of the fastest way to eliminate the target in front of him."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

[Error Resolved: Multi-cast skill has been found. All skills have been F-rank verified.]

[Description has been accepted.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 400 mana/use.]

[Note: Skill will be placed on a cooldown of 5 minutes after killing the choosen targets and will start automatically once the user feels threatened.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

’It’a good that I made the ’Multi-cast’ skill earlier.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Learn it." He spoke in a low voice.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Instant Kill.}]

After walking for about fifteen minutes, Leon and Dusk finally came back to the village.

As soon as they entered inside the village, dusk transformed into his cat form.

"Why are you transforming ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"In this form, I will use less mana master." Dusk replied as he looked at Leon.

"Oh okay." Leon replied as he continued to walk forward.

Suddenly, he noticed that the villagers were gathering wood near the chief’s house.

"Oh you are back... Good. Come, the food will be served soon." Mia spoke as she walked upto Leon with a smile.

"Yeah. Where is that old man ?" Leon asked as he looked around and noticed that the village chief wasn’t there.

"Oh... Village Chief won’t be coming out for the next two hours. He prays during this time and no one disturbs him." Mia replied as she looked at Leon.

"Is that so ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at the village chief’s house.

"H-Hi..." A woman in her thirties with huge boobs, thick ass-cheeks and a very cute face walked upto Leon.

She had a very fair skin tone, light blue eyes, long brown hairs and there was a very shy expression on her face.

"Hmm..?" Leon looked at her with a confused expression.

"Lea... What are you doing here ?" Mia asked with a confused expression as she looked at the woman.

"I-I was supposed to be..." Lea started speaking but her voice was cracking and her cheeks were turning even more red.

"What ?" Mia asked with a confused expression as she looked at Lea.

"I-I just... wanted to let you k-know that t-the Village Chief has said that He is my partner." Lea spoke as she looked at Mia.

"Partner ? What do you mean partner ?" Mia asked with a confused expression but before anything could’ve happened, her eyes widened in shock.

"Wait... Are you telling me that you are his breeding partner ?" Mia asked with a shocked and surprised expression.

"I-I didn’t say it... V-Village chief did." Lea replied with an embarrassed expression as she continued to look at the ground.

"You can’t be his partner... I am going-" before Mia could’ve completed her sentence, Leon placed his hand over her shoulder and stopped her from speaking any further.

"How about you come to my house say... Three hours from now, Lea ?" Leon asked with a smile as he walked upto her and stood really close.

As soon as Lea inhaled Leon’s fragrance... Something twitched inside her body and her face turned even more red.

"I hope that’s okay with you, right ?" Leon asked again as he slowly placed his finger under her chin and raised her head up.

Lea was frozen in one place as she looked at Leon with an embarrassed expression.

He slowly brought his nose closer to her nose and touched the tips together.

Their lips came close enough to feel the warm breath of each other’s mouth but Leon didn’t kiss her and only observed her reaction.

"You aren’t speaking anything... If you want, I can change partners for tonight." Leon spoke as he slowly brought his hand down to her waist and pulled her in with a slight thrust.

*Pull*

As soon as he pulled her in... Lea came back to her senses.

"I-I-I will be there... D-Don’t worry, S-Sir." She replied in a broken voice.

Leon immediately let go of her waist.

"Well then... It’s-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, he looked around and noticed that all the women standing near the fire are observing them with beet red faces and using their hands to cover their mouths.

Lea immediately ran away after this and Leon turned to look at Mia.

She was also shocked and her eyes were widely open in awe.

’Looks like women in this village haven’t seen a romantic relationship until now. Maybe they are just reproducing or maybe they haven’t had sex in a very long time.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"What happened ? Why are you looking at me like that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Mia.

"Y-You... How did you do that ?" Mia asked with a confused expression.

"What ?" Leon asked.

"You made me release it without even touching me..." Mia spoke as she looked at Leon.

"What ? What do you mean by release it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

’Wait...’ Suddenly, Leon noticed that her pants were wet.

"Did you cum just from seeing that ?" Leon asked as a smile appeared over his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227: Translate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now sitting near the campfire and he is eating some wild berries and meat of some unknown monster.

All the other villagers are also sitting around the fire and they are also enjoying their food.

"How is the food ?" Oliver asked with a smile as he looked at Leon.

"What kind of monster’s meat is this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"We call them Dire boars... They roam around the nearby areas and gets caught in the traps really easily." Oliver replied with a smile.

"What about the berries ? They taste kind of sweet and sour." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Oh... These berries are being eaten for so many years in this village but we just call them berries, no name." Oliver replied as he sat down and started eating his food.

"So... Tell us, how did you survive in the outside world for so long ?" The muscular man who was sitting right in front of Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Huh...? Ah, yes... It was really hard. You know how the world is covered with those cursed monsters.

It wasn’t a easy life." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at him.

<Bluff>

Mia immediately looked at Leon with a serious expression.

’He is lying right ? Yeah he has to be lying... But is he really lying ? It’s really difficult to tell by his expressions, maybe he is just a really good liar but his words feel so true."

"We understand, Man. It must’ve been a really hard time for you since you had a monster for your friend. But don’t worry you guys are safe here... The magical boundries of the village protect us from the evil cursed creatures.

By the way... Where is that monster ? And what kind of monster is that ?" The muscular man replied as he pointed towards Dusk who was in his cat form.

"It’s a cat... Found it wandering in the forest and since I made friends with it, I have to let go of that big monster." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I see... It’s good that you let that big monster go. It was scaring everyone in the village. This little one looks cute."

"I never got to know your name..." Leon asked as he looked at the muscular guy.

"Oh, I am Benny. I am the strongest guy in this village... See this ?" Benny spoke with a smile as he immediately placed his plate down and started showing his biceps to Leon.

"Oh I see it... You are the guy who placed that sword on my neck yesterday, aren’t you ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Benny.

"Look man... I had no choice. You just barged into the village with a monster and It’s my responsibility to protect them." Benny replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

"So... Have you ever thought of fighting those cursed creatures with that strong body of yours ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Benny.

"C-Cursed creatures ? No one can fight them... They are really strong and so fast that you can’t even properly see them when they move.

No one can fight them. We just have to stay away from them until god comes to save us." Benny replied.

"God comes to save you ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... Village Chief says that one day, god will come down and save us from these cursed creatures." Oliver spoke as he looked at Leon.

"I see. So, What’s God ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"God is a really powerful being who can do anything he wants and he can even bring back the people who have died." Oliver explained.

"Oh... Is that so ? Who told you about this ’God’ ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"Village Chief." Mia replied in a low voice as she looked at Leon.

’So... He is giving them fake hope.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"We are very-" Before Oliver could’ve completed his sentence, cracking noises started coming from the forest.

"T-They are here." A woman spoke as she immediately stood up and started walking towards her house with a scared expression on her face.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at her with a confused expression as he noticed that all the villagers have placed their plates down and stood up from their places.

"What happened ?" Leon asked as he looked at Oliver.

"The cursed creatures... They are coming. Look..." Oliver replied as he pointed towards the village’s boundary.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed that the Cursed Fairies were standing right outside the boundary and they are staring at the villagers.

"They can’t enter inside the village, right ? Why are you guys so afraid ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Oliver.

"They talk in this odd manner... Once you hear their voices they won’t get out of your head and give you nightmares for countless nights and one day... You will loose your mind and just run out of the village, then they will kill you.

We have seen this happen with so many." Oliver replied as he turned around and started walking towards his house.

As all the villagers walked back to their houses, one of them turned around and noticed something odd.

Instead of walking towards his house, Leon was walking towards the fairies.

"H-Hey... That guy is walking towards the cursed creatures." He shouted.

All of them immediately stopped and turned around to look at Leon.

"Oh no..." Mia spoke as she immediately ran towards Leon.

"Hey, Hey, Hey... Stop. You can’t go there, if you listened to their voices, you will go crazy. Didn’t you hear Oliver ?" She asked as she immediately grabbed Leon’s hand and stopped him from going.

But the fairies kept staring at him as their mouths continued to move in a silent manner as if they were chanting some kind of spell.

’I should listen to her but for some reason... My mind is telling me to get closer to them and listen to what they are saying.’ Leon thought as he silently removed her hand from his hand.

"W-What are you... Doing ?" Mia asked with a confused expression as she looked at him.

Leon didn’t reply and continued to walk towards the fairies.

"Instant Kill..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he manually activated the skill.

<Instant Kill>

<Glitch Point>

[Error: Opponent is not killable.]

’As expected.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he dismissed the message immediately.

As soon as Leon got close enough to the cursed fairies, he started hearing their voices.

"Guskmi jsbe dunei us eeh osin gulah."

"Golahheb jana aiyo blauvr iisuh."

"Akihsbu ikkah llloat sjiiydm."

...

They were speaking gibberish but they were speaking in a very sad tone and black tears were falling out of their eyes.

’What are they trying to say ?’ Leon asked with a confused expression as he immediately activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Translate."

[Skill ’Translate’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’F’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"Translates every language into an understandable language in user’s mind."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

<Glitch Point>

As soon as Leon activated the skill, one word turned red on the screen... ’Every’.

"Translates ancient languages into an understandable language in user’s mind." Leon spoke.

This time the word ’Ancient’ turned red.

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Translates Fairy language into an understandable language in user’s mind." Leon spoke.

[Error:Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

’Fuck... What can be an F-rank translation skill ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"Ah... Yes, this should work."

"Translates some parts of any ancient language into an understandable language in user’s mind."

[Processing...]

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Translate}.]

"Translate." Leon spoke with a smile.

[Chant ’Translate’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 40 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 0 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Learn it." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Translate}.]

As soon as this notification popped up in front of him, Leon didn’t waste another second and activated it.

"Translate..."

<Translate>

"Guskmi jsbe dunei us eeh osin gulah."

As soon as the fairy repeated the sentence, Leon focused on it and he started to understand some of the words she was saying.

[Please jsbe Help us eeh need gulah.]

"Golahheb jana aiyo blauvr iisuh."

[Go jana to blauvr middle.]

"Akihsbu ikkah llloat sjiiydm."

[Akihsbu being controlled sjiiydm.]

....

One by one Leon heard all of their sentences and he noticed that all seven cursed fairies were repeating the same sentence over and over.

*Crack-Crack-Crack-Crack*

Suddenly, cracking sounds started coming from the forest and the fairies started walking back into the forest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228: Orion’s Truth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now sitting alone near the campfire and he is staring at the fire with a neutral expression.

’Please help us... Being controlled... Go to the middle... Negative mana... Tree’s root and Heart fruit.

These were the words that I was able to understand from the repeated sentences of all those cursed fairies and I think, I have a rough theory of what’s happening.

These fairies are being controlled by something since that day one of them said that she is going to bring dusk for her master.

Now, they want help but I still don’t know what ’Go to the middle’, ’Negative mana’, ’Tree’s root’ and ’Heart Fruit’ means.’ Leon thought as he continued to think about it.

"Hey... A-Are you alright ?" Mia asked from a distance, a scared expression visible on her face.

"Oh yeah. I thought you were scared and went back home." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at her.

"No, I was watching you the whole time while hiding behind that house. You aren’t hearing any voices in your head are you ?" Mia asked with a worried expression as she walked upto him.

"Unfortunately no. I guess, I won’t be dying anytime soon." Leon replied with a smile.

"Hey don’t say that... I don’t want you to die before you take me out of this stupid village." Mia replied with a smile as she sat right next to him.

"Hey, I think... The cursed creatures that you fear so much were once good creatures and then something turned them into these monsters.

Although it’s just a theory... But, what do you think ?" Leon asked with a curious expression as he looked at Mia.

"I don’t know what to say... Those creatures have killed so many of us in such cruel ways that even if I want to agree with you... I just can’t." Mia replied with a sad expression as she added a wood to the wood.

"Who got killed from your family ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"My grandfather... He heard their voice and went crazy, at first he said that those voices were in his head and then he just went crazy, he started drawing unknown things on the walls and floor of our house.

My father tried to stop him but at last, he just went crazy and ran out of the village, later that night he got killed by the fairies." Mia explained.

"Ah... That’s why the villagers call you crazy huh ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Mia.

"Yes... My father went out on hunting one day, never returned. I thought what worse can happen after this and just then... Robi came into my life.

He was so great, we got married and had a kid. But I don’t know what happened to him... One night he just took our six months old son and ran out of the village.

I don’t know what happened to him. The fairies never brought his head back, so I still think that they made it out of the forest but everyone thinks I am even more crazy for thinking that.

... I don’t know, Leon. I think, I might be going crazy and I am afraid that I will also run out of the village one day." Mia spoke with a sad expression as tears started coming out of her eyes.

Leon slowly placed his hand over her shoulder and Mia placed her head over his shoulder.

"I just want to get out of this place... Leon. I can’t stay in this fear of going crazy, I can’t stay in fear of those fairies and I can’t stay in the fear that something even worse is going to happen to me." Mia spoke as she closed her eyes and tears continued to flow out of her eyes.

"Life is not fair to everyone, Darling. My parents abandoned me when I was little... It wasn’t a very good life until now but one day you just-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he noticed that Mia has fallen asleep on his shoulder while crying.

"I am sorry for her childish behaviour." A familiar sound came from the other side.

Leon immediately looked up and noticed that the chief was sitting on the other side of the campfire.

’When did he get here ? I didn’t hear any noise. I didn’t feel his presence. He is like a ghost.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he immediately used his skill on him.

<Inspect>

[Name: Orion Ikol]

[Class: Maze Master]

[Race: Mungel Fairy]

[Level: 40]

[HP: 80000/80000]

[MP: 7000/100000]

[Description: Orion is a Mungel fairy, one of the evil fairies that exist inside the forest and feed on other’s fear and death.

Orion can create extremely real illusion domains in order to confuse his enemies but if the target starts to get suspicious of his domain his abilities will stop working on him.]

As soon as Leon readed his status... His eyes widened in shock.

’A Mungel fairy...!? But not a cursed one. He can create illusions... Wait, don’t tell me all of this is just a illusion.

Is this village an illusion ?’ Leon thought as he immediately looked at Mia.

"Something wrong, Mr. Leon ?" Orion asked as he looked at Leon.

As soon as Leon turned to look at him... He noticed that Orion’s body was transforming.

’His appearance is an illusion.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

In just a few seconds, his white hairs turned brown, his wrinkled face turned into the face of a very young guy in his twenties and four transparent wings popped out of his back.

He was wearing magical rings in every finger and his staff was also made out of an unknown shining material.

"Mr. Leon ? Are you alright ?" Orion asked with a suspicious expression as he stood up from his place and started walking towards him.

"Oh... I am good. I-I just heard the chants of those cursed creatures and they are just disturbing me now." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Orion.

"Wait... You heard their chants ? Oh my god, do you need any help ? I can help you with it. I have a herb that can-"

"I can deal with it. Don’t you worry." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he acted completely normal.

"Ah... I see. I don’t want you running out of this village before impregnating the women. Haha..." Orion spoke as he laughed a little.

"Don’t you worry... I have called one of them to my house tonight. After taking Mia back to her house, I will be going to do it with her." Leon replied with a smile.

"Oh... That’s very very good. You can just leave Mia to me and go. I can take her to her house and you can just go and start doing it right now." Orion replied with an excited expression.

’So... He is using this village as his very own fear producing factory. What an excellent idea. He must know something about those cursed fairies.

Now, I understand why he wants me to impregnate the women in this village. So that his little fear factory continues to work.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"No, I think she will feel safe if I do it." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he picked up Mia into his arms.

"Mr. Leon... These people are living with me for years, I am pretty sure they will feelore safer with me then you, no offense." Orion replied with a smile.

"None taken. Where is her house ?" Leon replied with a smile as he ignored Orion.

"Oh well... If you are that persistent, then you can take her. Mia’s house is that one with the big roof behind my house." He spoke pointing towards the big house.

"I see. Well then... I will see you tomorrow." Leon spoke as he left after that.

"If you want more women, I will send them to you. Don’t hesitate to ask for another partner." Orion spoke as he also stood up.

"Ah... I think, I am good with one at a time for now. I am a simple man after all." Leon replied with a smile.

"Yes, Yes... But, you know just in case you want to get a little naughty, I can send other girls but no pressure. Please enjoy the night... I will also take some sleep or my back will kill me tomorrow, hahah." Orion spoke as he placed his hand over his back pretending like it hurts.

"Later... Old man." Leon spoke as he immediately started walking forward.

Dusk followed behind him and Orion looked at them as they continued to walk forward.

"What a stupid human... Once he gets all the females pregnant, I can just toss him to the others fairies and after a few months, I will have even more fear bearing humans.

I will use him to the fullest." Orion spoke in a low voice as he slightly tapped his wand on the ground and the campfire got extinguished immediately.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229: Lea’s First
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After placing Mia on her bed, Leon quietly walked out of her house and noticed that the campfire was blown out and the village was completely dark.

’Hmm... If I want to get information out of Orion. I will have to catch him and torture him really good.

But, he is a very high level fairy... How am I even going to catch him in the first place ? And I have to do all this without getting the villagers suspicious.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he continued to walk towards his house.

’I have to find a way fast because I won’t be able to-’ Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he noticed light coming from his house.

"Hmm...? What’s that ?" Leon thought as he immediately walked upto the door and opened it.

As soon as he entered inside, there were candles lined up all over the walls.

"What is happening..." Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, his eyes fell over the bed that was directly behind the entry door and it wasn’t empty.

Lea was sitting on the bed with a hesitated and embarrassed expression on her face.

She was buck naked, her huge round boobs hanging freely and small pubic hairs were peeking out of her tightly closed thighs.

"Hello, Darling." Leon spoke as he immediately forgot everything and a perverted smirk appeared over his face.

’I can torture Orion tomorrow... I should really enjoy my time with her for now. I mean she is sent here by him, so I have to be very careful not to cum inside her womb.

My semen is already extra fertile... I can’t risk my kids running around in the middle of this forest.

Wait... Why haven’t I made a skill that can turn off the fertility of my semen ? Oh my god, I would’ve never needed those birth control seals if this idea came to mind earlier.

I have to make this skill as soon as ’Skill crafter’s’ cooldown resets and after that I can fuck any woman I want without worrying to get her pregnant.’ Leon thought as his expressions changed from a perverted smirk to a very serious one.

"Umm... I-Is there something wrong with me ? Y-You don’t seem very happy." Lea asked with a hesitated expression as she looked at Leon.

"Oh there is nothing wrong with you, Darling." Leon replied with a smile as he immediately closed the door and walked upto her.

"I-I see... S-So, umm... Should I get down on all fours, so you can do it ?" Lea asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah, so... Lea, what do you know about making kids ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I know that I have to get down on all fours and then... Y-You will insert it in me and then I will have the baby.

I-I am sorry, if I said something wrong." Lea spoke with a hesitated expression.

"Now, first of all... You will forget everything you know about it because I am going to teach you things that you are never going to forget for the rest of your life. Do you understand ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Y-Yes, Sir." Lea replied.

"Now... Let me see those juicy pink lips of yours." Leon spoke as he slowly dragged his hand upto her right cheek and turned her face towards him.

He then closed the distance between their faces and without any warning crushed his lips against her lips.

As soon as Leon kissed her Lea felt something in her stomach, it was as if butterflies were tickling inside it.

*Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck-Suck*

As Leon sucked on her lower and upper lip simultaneously, his left hand stayed on her left cheek, giving her a secure feeling but at the same time his other hand slowly groped her boobs and tugged her rough nipples a bit.

But without wasting much time on her nipples, his fingers made their way to her belly button.

Leon slowly inserted his finger inside her belly button and gave it a slight whirl.

"Mnnnnff~" As soon as Lea felt it, she moaned but Leon’s mouth was blocking any moans that tried to escape her mouth.

He slowly placed his palm right against the place where her womb was supposed to be and gently pressed it in.

As soon as he pressed it in... Lea felt another surge of arousal travelling throughout her body.

It was as if, lightning bolts of arousal are hitting her body non-stop and without her permission.

’AAnhhhhh... What is this feeling ? I have never felt anything like this in my whole life. I have given birth to two kids but this thing that he is doing to my lips and my stomach, it’s so different and feels so good.

When my husband did it on the first night... It was really terrifying and painful but what he is doing seems comfortable and really good... I just want him to do more of this to my body.

I want him to play with my bod- Oh my god, What am I saying !?’ Lea thought as she couldn’t understand why she was having these wild thoughts but she understood one thing and that was to let Leon do anything he wants with her body.

After playing with her womb a little bit, Leon slowly moved down and grabbed the pubic hairs that were peeking out of her tightly packed thighs, hiding her pussy in-between them.

*Pull*

As soon as Leon pulled them gently, Lea’s thighs opened up on their own as if the pull of hair was a command to open her thighs.

Leon then slowly slided his hands down to her pussy and felt her thick and smooth pussy lips trying to suck in his finger.

Leon slowly placed his middle finger on her crack and slided it up in order to find her clit and it didn’t took him even a full second to find it.

As soon as Lea felt Leon’s finger over her clitoris, she opened her eyes and looked at Leon.

*Chuu*

Leon let go of her lips and smiled as he looked at her...

"Have you ever played with it, darling ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at her.

"I-I haven’t... Sir." Lea replied with a scared expression.

"Are you lying ?" Leon asked as he started to rub her clit up and down slowly.

"N-No... Sir, I-I just once had a dream and m-my hand went into my skirt on it’s own and-"

"And... Did what ?" Leon asked as he slowly pressed down on her clit.

"Anghhh~" Lea let out a moan as her pussy started releasing love juices.

"Did... What, Lea ?" Leon asked with a smile as he continued to apply pressure on her clit.

"I-It felt g-good... I-It felt good..." Lea replied as she placed both of her hands on the bed and her back started bending backwards.

Her face moved upwards and her eyes started closing as her thighs started shaking wildly.

Her nipples got really erect and her tongue started coming out of her mouth.

But as soon as she was about to cum... Leon removed his hand from her clit.

"Okay... That’s it." He spoke with a smile.

"W-What !?" Lea asked with a confused and frustrated expression as she looked at Leon.

"What ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"N-Nothing... I-I was just-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon placed his fingers back on her clit and started rubbing it in a circular pattern.

"Angggnhhhh~ Anhhhh~ M-My place... Feels Goooood~" Lea spoke as her back started bending once again and her eyes started stuttering.

"That’s it..." Leon spoke as he immediately removed his fingers from her clit.

"Noooooo...." Lea spoke this time more frustrated than before.

"What happened, Darling ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I just... That- It was so..." Lea wanted to speak something but she just couldn’t find the words to say it and before she could’ve said anything else, Leon placed his fingers back on her clit and started teasing it.

"Anhhhhh~ Nooot againnnnnn~" Lea moaned as she felt really good once again, her back arched but on the last moment, Leon removed his hand from her pussy, torturing her sexually.

"Noooo... Sir, Please... I beg you don’t stop." Lea spoke this time with a bold expression.

"What should I not stop ? You have to say it clearly... Lea." Leon spoke with a smile as he brought his hand back to her things and started rubbing them slowly.

"This..." Lea spoke as she grabbed Leon’s hand and placed it over her pussy. She then started moving it up and down but it wasn’t the same.

"You want me to move my hand up and down here ?" Leon asked with a teasing smile.

"You are really mean, Mr. Leon...." Lea spoke as tears started coming to her eyes.

"Okay, Okay... Don’t cry, here. Get the first orgasm of your life." Leon spoke as he inserted two of his fingers into her pussy and grabbed her clit with his other hand.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

Leon moved his fingers up and down in her pussy while curving them at a very rapid speed while rubbing her clit.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHH ANNHHHHHHH OHHHHHHHH~" Lea shouted loudly as she made loud moaning sounds and her hips automatically went up and down as a fountain of cum burst out of her pussy.

*SQUIRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTT*

She squirted so hard while making an ahegao expression. That she lost consciousness instantly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230: Let me teach you a Job
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now looking at Lea, who is lying unconscious on the bed from the overwhelming pleasure of her first orgasm that her mind couldn’t handle very well.

"Oh well... What else can I expect from a girl who has never experienced a real orgasm in the last thirty five years.

Maybe I should give her sometime before I make a mess of her pussy with my dick. Too much pleasure will kill her from a heartattack." Leon spoke with a smile as he slowly stood up and noticed that the whole bed was wet from her cum.

"I don’t feel like sleeping anyway..." Leon spoke as he immediately exits the house and notices that the whole village was dead silent.

Outside the village, snow was falling down and heavy winds were flowing but inside the village, not even a leaf moved.

’Neither the winds nor the snow is coming inside the village but for some reason the temperature here is really cold.’ He thought with a serious expression.

"Wait... Do I still have that ?" Leon asked in a low voice as he immediately opened his inventory and noticed two cigars still sitting inside.

"Nice." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately pulled out one of them and raised his index finger upto the cigar’s front.

<Fire>

As soon as he activated the skill, a small bright blue flame ignited from his finger and ignited the cigar almost immediately.

*Puff*

As soon as Leon took in a strong puff from the cigar, he felt warmth spreading throughout his body.

"Hah... This isn’t the strong stuff but still gets the body warm." Leon spoke with a smile as he started to walk around the village while puffing the cigar.

’Orion really built a good place for himself, away from any other intelligent life form. Now he can manipulate them however he wants here.

but that Dream... What was that ? I can still remember her voice in my head. She was also a cursed fairy... But, she felt different from them.

It was as if-’ Before Leon could’ve completed his thoughts, he noticed Orion exiting from his house with a wooden bowl in his hands.

"Oh..." Leon immediately moved behind one of the houses and noticed him with a serious expression.

’Where is he going ? And what’s in that bowl ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

Suddenly, he noticed that Orion was walking towards the village’s boundary.

<Silent Steps>

Leon immediately activated his stealth skill and started following him.

[+1 Stealth Stack]

...

After walking for about three minutes, Orion finally reached near the village’s border.

Orion looked down at the runes for a second and then stepped out of the village’s border.

’Looks like this motherfucker is upto something.’ Leon thought with a smile as he continued to follow him.

*Crack-Crack-Crack-Crack*

Suddenly, a cracking sounds started coming from the forest.

As soon as Leon heard this voice, a serious expression appeared over his face.

’Isn’t that sound...’ Before he could’ve thought of something else, seven cursed fairies stepped out of the forest and walked upto Orion.

"What the hell is he trying to-"

"Hello, Sisters." Orion spoke with a smile as he immediately removed the cloth from the bowl and suddenly, all the cursed fairies started moving away from him.

’Sisters ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at the Fairies.

"Food..."

"Eat..."

"Bring food."

The fairies started speaking like zombies but they didn’t get near him for some reason. It was as if there was a protective barrier around his body.

The cursed fairies wanted to eat him alive but couldn’t do it for some reason.

’What the hell is he carrying inside the bowl ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at the Fairies.

"Oh well... I will see you later. I have to have a little chat with your master." Orion spoke with a smile as he continued to walk deep inside the forest.

"Should I follow him master ?" Dusk’s voice came from the side.

Leon immediately looked down and noticed that dusk was looking at him with a confused expression.

"No, No... I don’t want you going out of here again." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Should I put a soul tracker on him then master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"What’s that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s a skill that Shadow Velmoras use to track down their prey at night after using the skill." Dusk replied.

"But he is so far away... I can’t even see him." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Oh, I already placed the tracking print on his clothes when he was talking to you near the fire master." Dusk replied with a smile.

"Wow... You have become really smart, Dusk." Leon replied with a smile.

"I was always intelligent master... It’s just that, I only got to share my skills and knowledge in your presence." Dusk replied with a smile.

"Good for you. Now, how does your skill works ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Wherever he goes tonight, I will be able to figure it out tomorrow... Master." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"Good..."

’I will have to get my hands on that fucking bowl and see what does he have inside that.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he started walking back to the house.

....

Next morning,

*Blink-Blink*

Lea slowly opened her eyes and noticed that someone was sleeping right next to her.

"Oh my god..." Lea spoke as she covered her face with both of her hands with a shocked expression and noticed that it was Leon in full clothing.

"Hmm....?" Leon woke up from his sleep and looked at Lea with a sleepy face.

"What time is it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"M-Morning time... Sir." Lea replied.

"No I mean, What is the exact time right now ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"T-Time ?" Lea asked with a confused expression.

"How can I forget that you have no concept of time..." Leon spoke as he slowly stood up from the bed.

"I-I am really sorry, Sir. I-I don’t know what happened when you did that to me and I-I just remember feeling so good and-" Suddenly, Lea started talking so fast that before she could’ve completed her sentences... Leon crashed his lips against her lips.

*Chuuuuuuuuuuu*

His tongue immediately entered inside her mouth and started playing with her tongue.

*Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick*

Lea started feeling horny and aroused once again as her womb started pounding like a second heart and her pussy lips started twitching wildly.

’It happens everytime he kisses me or touches my body... I loose control over it.’ Lea thought as she enjoyed her kiss.

After sucking on her tongue and lips for one good minute, Leon finally let go of her mouth.

"Hhaa... Now, try to talk less and say more." Leon replied with a smile as he grabbed both of her nipples and started pinching them slowly.

"I-I just wanted to say, I am so sorry for falling asleep without your permission and we couldn’t even do that." Lea spoke with an embarrassed expression as she looked at Leon.

"Now, I am going to teach you some things okay ?" Leon asked with a smile as he continued to play with her nipples.

"I-I understand." Lea replied as she felt good from getting her nipples twisted and pinched.

"Now... These things that I am playing with right now are called nipples and these big, squishy ones that they are attached to are called Boobs." Leon spoke with a smile as he grabbed both of her boobs and gave them a squeeze.

"Anhhh~" Lea moaned as she felt good.

"Now... Whenever I do this, you will feel good." Leon spoke with a smile as he squeezed them and pulled them a little.

"Anhhhh~" This time Lea moaned a little louder.

"It feels good right ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at her.

*Nod*

Lea just moaned slightly with an embarrassed expression.

"Good... Now, let’s move down." Leon spoke as he slowly moves his hands down to her legs.

Placing his hands between her thighs, he slowly opened them and her thick pussy came into view.

She had some small pubic hairs above her pussy... But Leon liked it.

"What do you call this ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Woo..." Lea replied in a low voice.

"Okay, it’s called ’A Pussy’ not a ’Woo’. Do you understand ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Y-Yes..." Lea replied.

"Now, I am going to teach you something about myself." Leon spoke as he immediately pulled his pants down and whipped his huge cock out.

Even though he was standing, his cock was touching the bed.

"Wha-"

Lea gasped as soon as she saw Leon’s cock and her face turned even more red.

"This is called a cock... What do you call it ?" Leon asked.

"A-A cock..." Lea replied with an embarrassed but curious expression.

’M-My husband’s cock was never this big... B-But his cock is so... Big ? And why is my heart pounding so fast when looking at it ?’ Lea thought in her mind.

"Now... I will teach you, what a blowjob is." Leon spoke with a smile as he stepped up on the bed and placed his cock right over Lea’s lips.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231: Can I be next ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK

Lewd, wet, obscene noises echoed shamelessly from Leon’s house, piercing through the quiet morning.

The sound was so loud, so vulgar, that it reached everyone’s ears in the village. One by one, the women peeked out from behind their doors and windows, their cheeks flushed bright red with embarrassment and curiosity.

They couldn’t see what was happening inside—but they knew it was something else.

Every instinct in their trembling bodies screamed it.

Something filthy was happening in there. Something raw and sexual.

And they were absolutely right.

Because inside that house...

Leon’s thick, veiny cock was shoved all the way down Lea’s throat. Balls-deep.

Every single inch buried inside her tight, wet, eager mouth.

Her lips were wrapped around the base of his shaft, and her nose was pressed against his pelvis. Drool poured from the corners of her mouth, dripping down onto her bare chest and soaking her tits. Her hands were wrapped around his balls, massaging and playing with them like she was kneading dough.

*Squeeze—Squeeze—Squeeze*

Leon’s hands were all over her heaving boobs, grabbing, twisting, and tugging on her nipples like a monkey. His fingers pinched the swollen buds mercilessly while his hips rolled back and forth, throatfucking her like her mouth was nothing but a toy made to satisfy his cock.

*Mnffff-Mnffff*

Lea tried to moan but her moaning sounds were blocked by Leon’s dick.

’Fucking hell... How lucky can a guy get?’ Leon thought with a cocky, twisted smile, his eyes burning with lust as he stared down at the lewd mess of a girl choking on his dick.

’I only just taught her how to suck cock... and as it turns out she doesn’t even have a gag reflex. My entire fucking cock is inside her throat—balls pressing against her chin—and she’s not gagging, not puking, not resisting.

I’m literally choking this bitch from the inside, and she’s moaning like it’s the best thing she’s ever felt.’ He thrust harder, watching her throat bulge every time his hips slammed forward. Her tits bounced wildly with every motion, covered in drool and twitching from his touch.

And yet, Lea was far from helpless. As it turns out that she was also loving it.

’Ahnnnnn~ I-I can’t breathe... but I don’t want to stop. I don’t want to breathe. The taste of his cock is driving me crazy... it’s thick, salty, and so warm... mnnn~ I just want to keep it inside my mouth forever,’ Lea moaned in her head as her tongue curled hungrily around his shaft each time he pulled back.

Every time he slid his cock out halfway, she could feel a thick, sticky trail of pre-cum left behind on her tongue—sweet and addicting.

She swallowed greedily, eyes rolling back in pleasure as her lower body twitched on it’s own.

Her thighs rubbed together, soaking wet.

She couldn’t stop herself anymore. Her body was acting on its own.

Like a needy bitch in heat, she dropped her hips lower and began grinding her dripping pussy against the sheets below her, humping them shamelessly, whining with muffled moans as her mouth stayed full of cock.

*Mnnffff Mnfffff Mnnnffffffhhh*

Leon continued to use her mouth pussy for the next twenty minutes without any stops.

Twenty minutes later...

"Fuck... I am cumming. Lea... My dick is about to release a very tasty juice in your mouth, swallow it whole..." Leon spoke as he groaned and increased the speed of pounding.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Lea without knowing what’s about to happen, just nodded her head a little and continued to play with his balls.

"Fuck..." Leon grabbed her head tightly and forced his dick as deep as possible into her throat and released thick threads of his white cum directly into her throat.

*Squirt-Squirt-Squirt*

As soon as Lea felt his cum filling her throat, her pussy started to twitch at an incredible speed and suddenly, she squirted.

As soon as she squirted, her throat clenched even harder around Leon’s throat.

"Ohh... Yess." Leon spoke with a smile as his balls twitched and he released even more cum inside her.

After cumming in her mouth for thirty seconds, Leon finally pulled his cock out of her mouth.

*Gwak*

"Haaaa...." Lea took a deep breathe as she continued to stare at Leon’s dick that was still attached to her mouth with saliva strings.

"I-I think... I-I just came once again from my pussy, Sir." Lea spoke as she pointed towards her pussy.

Leon looked down and noticed that the bed was all wet from her cum.

"Oh you definitely did. Now... Let’s get the main dish now." Leon spoke with a smile as he grabbed her shoulders and pressed her down against the wet bed.

He then grabbed both of her legs and raised them in air. Without any warnings, Leon stuffed his face into her pussy and started licking her wet clit.

"I-I feel something... I-I-I ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~ ANHHHHHHH~ YESSSSSSSS~" Lea shouted so loudly that everyone in the village heard her clean and clear.

Leon on the other side didn’t stop and continued to eat her pussy without any stops.

He would tease her clit with his tongue then insert it inside her pussy and roll it wildly.

"Oh my goooooddd.... Yesssssss~" Lea moaned even louder as she closed her eyes and grabbed the bedsheet with both of her hands tightly.

Her back tried to arch up, but Leon grabbed her thighs with his hands and holded her down as she squirmed like a fish that is dying from too much oxygen.

"Noooo.... Mr. Leonnnnnn... I feel sooo gooodddd~ Anhhhhhhhhhhhh~ Yessssssssss~ I feeeeeel so gooooooooddddd~" Lea shouted as she couldn’t control her voice.

...

Outside the house, women walked out of their houses and started walking towards Leon’s house with red faces.

"W-What is he even doing to her ?" One of the women asked with a confused and aroused expression.

"I-I don’t know... I-It seems as if she is in pain but she likes the pain." Another one replied with an embarrassed expression as her body struggled to stay in control.

"C-Can we go inside and see ?"

"T-That’s not a good thing to do..."

"I-I-I mean the chief said that we will get to do it as well."

"I-I don’t understand, Lea is such a shy woman and she is shouting so loudly ? H-How is that possible ?"

All of them seemed really confused and completely wet, it was as if their instincts were commanding them to just get inside the house and breed with Leon.

*Cough-Cough*

"What is happening here ?" Suddenly a voice came from behind.

All of them immediately turned around and noticed that Orion was standing behind with a neutral expression on his face.

"T-The guy who came from outside... H-He is doing something to Lea chief..." One of the girl spoke in a broken voice as she pointed towards the house with an embarrassed expression.

"Wha-" Before the chief could’ve completed his sentence...

"ANHHHHHHH~ YESSSSS.... PLEASE KEEP DOING THAT. MR. LEONNNNNNN~" A very loud moan came from inside the house that even startled Orion.

’What the hell is that guy doing to her !?’ Orion thought with a shocked expression as he immediately started walking towards the house.

*Knock-Knock*

"Mr. Leon... Please open the gate." Orion spoke as he knocked on the door.

"Who the fuck is disturbing me in the middle of this ?" Leon’s voice came from inside as he walked upto the door and opened the gate.

As soon as he opened the gate, his erect dick came into everyone’s view and every single women that was standing in front of the house felt a very strong arousal travelling throughout their bodies.

Their hearts and wombs throbbed like crazy... Their eyes widened and nipples started poking out of their leather bodice.

Naughty thoughts started to arise in their minds immediately...

’I-I want that in me...’

’I want him to give me his baby.’

’Please do it with me that you are doing with her in their.’

All of them placed their hands over their chests and let out heavy breaths as their natural instincts started to wake up.

"Mr. Leon... I-I don’t want to disturb you right now-"

"Then don’t." Leon replied with a straight and annoyed face as he looked at Orion.

"You-! I mean, it’s morning... Don’t you think you should do this kind of thing only at night, haha ?

And you should also wear something clothes since the other woman are also watching." Orion asked as he forced a fake smile.

"Aren’t you the one who told me to fuck them and get them pregnant with child ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"I-I did but... This time of the day-"

"Listen old man... You told me to fuck them and I am fucking her. And she is shouting so much in the day... Do you think anyone here will be able to get sleep if I fucked her at night ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"T-That’s right but-"

"No ’Buts’. Go and arrange another one for me... I will be done with her in three hours then I will take a break and fuck another one." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he immediately shutted the door on his face.

"This brat... How dare he-" Orion started to get angry but, suddenly a sound came from behind.

"Umm... Chief ?"

"Hmmm....?" As soon as he turned around, a woman with red faces was standing behind him.

"Yes, Dana ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"C-Can I be the next one ?" Dana asked with an embarrassed but excited expression.

"I-I want to be next as well..." Another one spoke as she stepped forward.

"You too ?" Orion asked with a confused expression.

"M-Me too..."

"Chief... Me too."

....

[Talk about being Famous. 😏]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232: Demonic Parasite
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now wearing his clothes and he is looking at Lea with a smile, since she is lying naked and unconscious on the bed.

"She fainted once again just from getting her pussy licked. Hah... I wonder what will happen to her, if I fucked her with full force.

But tonight, I am going to fuck her as soon as she gains her consciousness. I can’t wait anymore to fuck her thick pussy. I have already wasted so much time on her.

The next girl that comes in, I will just control the intensity of things that I do to her body, so I can fuck her without making her loose consciousness and move onto the next one." Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face.

’It’s good that I already made this skill last night. I will get to use it tonight.’ Leon thought as he opened a skill’s description.

Suddenly, a blue transparent screen popped up in front of him.

[Name: Birth Control]

[Rank: F]

[Description: An F-ranked skill that turns the sperm of the user into self-destructive sperms. As soon as the sperm touches the womb they will be destroyed automatically releasing a strong aphrodisiac inside the female’s body that turns up her arousal even more.

Once the skill is turned off, the sperms will return to it’s original state.]

’I was thinking of making it simpler, but it felt right this way. It took me twenty five turns to get it right but it’s all worth it.’ Leon thought with a smile as he closed the description and walked out of the house.

As soon as he stepped out of the house, he noticed that some of the women are standing outside the house with red faces and they are looking at Leon.

’Wow... Look at these bitches in heat. They got wet just from the sound of blowjobs and Lea’s moans.

They are really craving for a good, hard dicking huh ?’ Leon thought with a smile as he walked upto one of them and noticed that she is looking at him with a curious and confused expression.

"Something wrong ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"N-No..." She replied running away immediately.

As soon as Leon turned to look at the other women, they did the same and ran away.

’Hmm...? Aren’t they too shy for a bunch of bitches in heat.’ Leon thought with a smile.

"Master." Dusk spoke as he jumped down from the house’s roof and immediately bowed down to Leon.

"Hello, Dusk..." Leon replied with a smile.

"I have tracked down it down Master." Dusk spoke in a low voice.

"Can you take me there ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Take you where ?" Orion’s sound came from behind.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed that Orion standing right behind him.

"My little friend found a spot with a lot of berries. I was just asking him to take me there.

You want to come ?" Leon asked with a smile as he acted really calm and collected.

"Oh, I would love too... But, you see my back won’t allow me to and I will just slow you down.

So, you young people should go and please remember that you must return before the sun goes down." Orion spoke with a fake worried expression.

"Oh, We will remember." Leon replied with a smile as he picked up dusk from the ground and placed him on his shoulder.

Both of them started walking towards the village’s boundary.

"Why didn’t you tell me he was behind me ?" Leon asked in a low voice.

"I-I didn’t sense him master... Neither did I saw or smelled him. It’s like he just appeared behind you." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

’It has to be a stealth or teleportation skill or it can be both. He just appears behind me and my skill didn’t sense him.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he stepped out of the village’s boundary, but instead of walking in the direction that Orion went in last night, Leon started moving towards the north side.

"Master we have to-"

"I know, but he is watching us." Leon replied with a smile as he continued to walk forward.

Dusk slowly turned around and noticed that Orion was watching them from a distance with a neutral expression on his face.

"You are right master... He is watching us." Dusk replied in a low voice.

’I am an outsider, I am nothing but a threat to him... He must’ve planned out my death by now.

After I have fucked every woman in this village. He will execute his plan and all I have to do is execute mine before he does.’ Leon thought with a smile as he continued to walk forward.

...

After walking for about one kilometre, Dusk jumped down from Leon’s shoulder and transformed back into his original form.

"Hup..." Leon immediately jumped over his back.

"Let’s go." He ordered as he patted over Dusk’s head.

*Pat-Pat*

"As you command, Master." Dusk replied as he immediately started running towards the track that Orion was following last night.

’Let’s see... Where you go at night.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at all the snow that was covering the forest’s floor.

...

After following the track for about 30 minutes, Leon noticed a foul smell coming from up ahead.

"What the hell is-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, Leon noticed that trees with green leaves are disappearing and Trees ahead stood barren, their skeletal branches twisting unnaturally, their trunks choked by black vines that pulsed faintly as if alive. The stench that wafted from them was foul—rotten, cloying, and almost tangible in its wrongness.

"These vines are the same that were covering those fairies... What the hell are they ?" Leon spoke in a low voice with a serious expression.

"Master... Look, there is something there." Dusk warned.

Leon immediately turned his head to the front and noticed that there was a very huge tree in the middle of that barren forest.

"What the hell is that ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he immediately used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Tree of Life]

[Class: ???]

[Level: ???]

[HP: ???]

[MP: ???]

[Description: Tree of Life is a sacred tree that stands as a testament to bravery and life. This tree stands for more than 2500 years and as the house of countless fairies.]

As soon as Leon read the description, he noticed that the black vines are also clutching around the tree’s trunk.

The vines are moving around the trunk as if squeezing life out of it.

Green leaves are slowly falling from it’s branches and it’s colour is turning lifeless grey.

"What the hell are those vines ?" Leon asked in a low voice as he used his skill on the vines this time.

<Inspect>

[Name: Phemic Parasite]

[Race: Demonic Parasite]

[Class: Unknown]

[Level: 201]

[HP: 700000/700000]

[MP: -100000/-100000]

[Description: An intelligent parasite that can suck life out of any living thing and control it’s host according to it’s will.

This parasite originates from a Demonic fungus that can barely move and most of the demons use it in their daily food diet.

Phemic Parasite is not intelligent when in it’s initial stage, but if it finds a suitable and Intelligent host, it can grow very strong and destroy all life around it using it’s negative mana.]

Leon immediately looked down at the ground and noticed that something is wrong.

"Dusk... Stop, Stop." Leon ordered in a loud voice.

*Screech*

Dusk immediately came to a halt as he couldn’t understand why Leon ordered him to stop so suddenly.

"W-What happened master ?" Dusk asked.

"Your legs..." Leon spoke as he pointed towards Dusk’s legs.

"What’s wrong with my legs master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he looked at his legs and noticed that his fur is moving.

"Shake your legs." Leon ordered.

Without any delay, Dusk Shaked his legs and suddenly black snake like creatures flew out of his fur.

"What the hell !?" Dusk shouted as he immediately started shaking all of his legs and the black parasites kept falling down from his fur.

"When did they get inside my fur, Master ?" Dusk asked with a worried expression.

"They are crawling on the ground and sticking to your legs as you are running." Leon replied with a serious expression as he jumped down from his back.

"Are they dangerous master !?" Dusk asked.

"Very dangerous.... If they crawled into your brain. You will be dead instantly." Leon replied with a serious expression.

As soon as dusk heard this, he activated his skill.

<Thunder Charge>

His fur started to glow brightly blue and electricity started to travel throughout his body.

"Dusk what are you-"

*Booom*

Suddenly, A small explosion took place and all the black parasites fell down from his body.

’Please Help...’ Suddenly a voice rang inside Leon’s head.

He immediately turned to look at the tree.

"Stay here dusk..." Leon ordered with a serious expression as he started walking towards the tree.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233: The Fairy Mother
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Leon walked towards the tree of life... He noticed that black worms were coming out of the rotten ground and they were trying to crawl over Leon’s leg.

But he crushed them while walking towards the tree.

’Help... Me, Please.’ The same voice rang inside his head.

"Looks like I am not hallucinating after all. There really is a voice in my head." Leon spoke in a low voice as he stopped walking immediately and noticed that the ground around the tree was more rotten and there were tiny holes in it.

’It won’t be a good idea to go over there before knowing what those holes are there for and-’ Before Leon could’ve completed his thoughts, the voice rang inside his head once again.

’Please Help-’

"Okay that’s it... I can’t even see you." Leon spoke in a loud voice with a frustrated expression.

As soon as his voice got loud, the vines around the tree flinched for a second.

"Oops..." Leon spoke in a low voice.

<Sixth Sense>

Suddenly, he felt a very sharp feeling on his nape and without wasting another second... He ducked down.

*Swish*

*Thud*

A dart made out of black wood and drooling with a purple coloured sap on it’s tip, passed above Leon’s head and hitted the tree’s trunk.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed two big monsters coming towards him.

They were made out of black vines and had human like body, but they were moving slowly like zombies.

"What the hell ?" Leon thought with a confused expression as he couldn’t understand where the dart came from.

But his question was answered as one of the tree monster raised his hand towards Leon and the purple sap started leaking out of his palm.

"Shit-"

*Shoot*

Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, another dart shot out of it’s hand.

"Hup..." He immediately turned to the right and dodged the dart barely once again.

*Swish*

’The speed is too fast...’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Time to test the skill..." He spoke as a wide smile appeared over his face and he activated three skills at the same time.

<Steelweb Armour>

<Adaptive Body>

<Instant Kill>

In just a second, the dark armour covered Leon’s whole body and increased his HP.

[+45000 HP]

[Body will now adapt to ’Negative Mana’.]

[Congratulations! You have successfully learned the skill {Negative Mana User}.]

[Note: When the skill {Negative Mana User} is active, skills will consume negative mana instead of normal mana to boost their output by 70% but your intelligence will be decreased by 95%.]

As soon as Leon readed the screen a serious expression appeared over his face for a second but he immediately dismissed all the notifications.

[Warning: Skill {Instant kill} will now activate connected skills without user’s permission.(Non-repeating warning).]

<Multi-cast>

<Glitch Point>

<Adrenaline Rush>

[All the Emotions will now be neglected.]

....

Suddenly, Leon’s eyes turned dark and all the expressions disappeared from his face.

Red dots started to appear all over the vine monsters’ bodies but the most red points were on their necks.

His eyes scanned all the weak points and found the weakest point from all.

[Instant Kill possible]

Leon opened his inventory and pulled out the Nyxter.

He unsheathed it and binded all the blades with Invisible mana strings.

The vine monsters raised their hands and the purple sack re-appeared on their palms and as soon as it did, two darts shot of their hands.

*Shoot-Shoot*

Leon continued to hold his ground this time and instead of dodging he started walking towards the incoming darts.

As soon as the darts got really close to him, Leon just raised his right hand both of the darts hitted the armour.

*Thud-Thud*

Both of them broke and fell down at the same time but Leon’s armour remained unscratched.

[-100 HP]

[-100 HP]

....

Leon continued to walk forward towards the vine monsters, his aura calm and collected. It was as if he had completely changed into a new person.

*Shoot-Shoot-Shoot*

The vine monsters continued to shoot the darts at Leon but Leon just raised his hand and blocked them.

As soon as he got close enough of them... One of the vine monsters formed a vine whip from his right and pulled it back in order to attack Leon.

He pulled it back and brought it upon him with full force.

*Swish*

*Thud*

But, Before the whip could’ve even came close to Leon’s body.... It fell down to the ground.

The vine monsters immediately grew another from his another hand and brought it down on Leon but before it could’ve hitted him... Same thing happened.

*Swish*

*Thud*

It fell down to the ground. Perfectly sliced from the middle.

Both of the vine monsters immediately looked at Leon’s face and noticed that he was staring at their necks.

*Grrr-*

*Swish-Swish*

Before the monster could’ve made any sound, two flashes of black light appeared and separate their bodies in half.

*Thud-Thud*

*Shoot-Shoot-Shooot*

Suddenly, more darts started coming from his back... But Leon didn’t bothered to dodge them because of the armour.

*Thud-Thud-Thud*

All the darts broke as soon as they touched the armour and fell down to the ground.

*Grrrrrr....*

*Gggrrrrrr*

Leon slowly turned around and noticed that more vine monsters are coming from the other side as well.

Without wasting another second, Leon started walking towards the three vines monsters that were coming towards him.

*Shoot-Shoot-Shooot*

The vine monsters shooted the darts towards him, but Leon dimple raised his hand and stopped the arrows from hitting his face.

His eyes started to scan them once again and once he fount their weak spot. Leon started walking towards them.

*Grab-Grab*

But before he could’ve moved any further, two thick black vines emerged out of the holes that were near the tree and grabbed Leon’s legs, locking him in one position.

Without any delay, Leon separated two baldes from the Nyxter and used them to attack the vines.

*Thud-Thud-Thud*

With just a few attacks from the blades, the vines that were grabbing his legs was destroyed.

Leon continued to walk forward and the vine monsters continued to shoot him with their darts.

*Shoot-Shoot-Shooot*

*Shoot-Shoot-Shooot*

Leon just used his armour to tank all the damage and continued to walk towards the monsters.

As soon as he was close enough to them... Leon grabbed Nyxter and re-attached it’s blades together.

He then looked at the three vine monsters and raised the sword.

*Grrrrrrr*

All three monsters shouted loudly as they transformed their hands into whips and raised them to attack him.

*Swish-Swish-Ewish*

But the black light appeared once again and sliced them off from the middle.

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

As soon as their bodies were cutted bodies in half and fell down to the ground, the skill {Instant Kill} was deactivated.

The armour around Leon’s body also disappeared and notifications started popping in front of him.

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled up!]

....

As soon as Leon looked at the notifications a smile appeared over his face.

’Wow... That was so powerful and fast. It was as if I had unlocked a very fast part of my mind... I was thinking so fast and acting up without thinking twice.

I ran more than hundred scenarios in my head as I walked towards those vine monsters. In every scenario, I was attacking a different weak point and I could see that it would take two hits to kill each one of them... But after imagining all the scenarios... I noticed that the more weak points I hit in one go... The more leathal my attack becomes and their necks had the most weak points but they weren’t aligned with each other.

But their waist... Three weak points were in perfect alignment and as I imagined, they were all finished in a single sword blow as soon as i attacked them.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at the Nyxter with a smile.

’I-I am here... Behind the tree. Can you please come here ?’ The voice rang in his head once again.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he immediately started walking around the tree.

As soon as he rotated to the back of the tree... His eyes widened in shock.

There was a fairy binded to the tree with black vines... Her skin looked pale and her wings were torn apart.

She was in a very bad condition and blood red tears were flowing out of her eyes.

"Y-You really came..." She spoke as she looked at Leon with a smile.

"You were the one asking for help in my head, aren’t you ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at her and used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Medina]

[Race: Fairy]

[Class: Fairy Mother]

[HP: ???]

[MP: ???]

[Description: Medina is the Fairy Mother of all the fairies and the caretaker of the Tree of Life. She knows many magical arts and she is very kind but after getting betrayed by her brother five years ago. She is now paying a serious price for her blind trust.]

"I am Medina... The Fairy Mother. Leon Luster." She spoke.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234: The Chief’s Prayer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How do you know my name ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Medina.

"I can also tell that you are not from this... *Cough-Cough*..." Before she could’ve completed her sentence, blood started coming out of her mouth.

"You don’t look very good... This parasite really fucked you up, huh ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"You are not from this world, Leon Luster." Medina spoke as she looked at Leon with a serious expression.

As soon as Leon heard this, his eyes widened in shock and surprise.

’How does she know ?’ He thought with a very confused expression.

"Don’t think too much about it... I, myself am a Demi-God. I can tell that your *Cough-Cough* soul doesn’t belong to this world." Medina spoke.

"You were the one in my dream that night... I remember now. It was your face." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at her.

"I was the one who brought you here, Leon. I was the one who sent that steelweb spider your way and gave you that armour skill.

I was the one *Cough-Cough* who showed you the way to my brother’s village." Medina spoke but the more she spoke, more blood came out of her mouth.

"Why ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Because you are the only one who can save me and the tree of Life. If this tree dies... This forest will die, me and my children will die and these demonic vines will become too strong to stop.

I beg you, Please save this tree... Please save my children, Leon Luster and I will pay you an equal *Cough-Cough* price." Medina spoke as she looked at Leon.

"How do I save you ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"Five years ago... Orion was one of us. He was happy and very brave, but on a very unfortunate day, his wife ’Olin’ was captured by some humans and they killed her after using her body.

When Orion saw her body, he broke down completely and transformed into a ’Mungel Fairy’.

We tried to comfort him and for a moment we thought he was ready to turn back into a normal fairy but my faith was broken.

Orion s-stole the ’Soul Stones’ of h-his sisters and turned them into cursed fairies using this Demonic Parasite.

This parasite sucks life f-force out of their bodies during the day and uses t-them at night to hunt for food. Without my children... I don’t have any power and the last bit of power that I was saving was used in bringing you here." Medina explained as her voice started breaking and more tears started coming out of her eyes.

"What’s a soul stone ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"A soul stone is the life essence of a fairy... It holds all of their magical powers. Orion holds all of their soul stones right now and you have to get them back from him.

If you can get the soul stones from him, I will able to bring back one of my children back to her senses and she will handle the rest.

Please get those stones, Leon." Medina explained.

"Say... These soul stones, is there anyway that they can be used to stop the cursed fairies from attacking the guy who is holding them ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"Yes, Yes... They will never attack the one who holds all the soul stones." Medina replied.

"Why ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"They are cursed and their bodies are being controlled by this Demonic Parasite, but as soon as they get near the soul stones, their consciousness starts to take over their bodies and it diminishes the effect of the Parasite.

That’s why the parasite immediately makes them step back." Medina explained.

"Ah... So, that’s why. Then I know where he keeps those soul stones." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"You do ? Really ?" Medina asked with a serious expression.

"Yeah, he keeps them in a bowl and he was using them to- Wait... Your brother came here last night, right ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"I don’t know *Cough-Cough* I didn’t see him, but he comes in one or two weeks to make sure I am dying.

Sun is going down... Parasite will release them for hunt soon, you have to get back to the village and get the soul stones.

Leon, I never thought that I will fell down to such a disgraceful sight and ask a human for help, but you are different.

You don’t fear death as much as the other humans. Please help me, Leon and you will not be disappointed in the rewards." Medina replied as she looked at Leon with a serious expression.

"I hope so too." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he started walking towards dusk, who was constantly shaking his legs.

"Master... Should we leave ? I-I am not very comfortable here." Dusk spoke with a worried expression as he continued to shake his body.

"Yes. Let’s go back to the village." Leon replied as he immediately jumped on his back.

*Hop*

Dusk immediately started running at full speed.

’If all the fairies have soul stones that means Orion also have one of them. If I can get a hold of his soul stone... I will be able to get the other stones from him easily.

Fuck, I should’ve asked her where the fairies keep their soul stones.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

...

After running for about 30 minutes, both of them reached the village as a cold blanket of darkness covered the sky.

"Master... We are here." Dusk replied as he stopped behind some bushes near the village.

Leon immediately jumped down from his back and Dusk transformed back into his cat form.

"No snow tonight, huh ?" Leon asked as he looked up and noticed that the sky was cloudy but there were no signs of snowfall.

Leon and Dusk slowly sneaked inside the village from the backside and noticed that all the villagers are gathering firewoods to make a campfire.

Dusk and Leon stood behind a house and noticed that Orion was going into his house with a smile on his face.

’I have to find out what this motherfucker does in these three hours. I am pretty sure he is not doing any kind of prayer in there.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Where the hell are you doing ?" Suddenly, Mia’s voice came from behind.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed that she was standing behind him with a bunch of firewood in her hands.

"What are you doing here ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I just asked you that question." Mia replied with a neutral expression.

"Yeah, I don’t have time for this. Tell me... Do you an extra key to the chief’s house ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"What ? No. Why would you want a key to-"

"Keep your voice down first of all." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over her mouth.

"Fine... But why do you want to get inside the chief’s house ?" Mia asked with a confused expression.

"Look, that guy is not a human. He is a fairy and that’s all I can tell you for now.

I need to get inside his house right now, so can you help me ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"A-Are you crazy ? You are saying that chief is a fairy ? How can chief be a fairy... Those things are monsters and chief is-"

"Chief is the one who turned them into monsters, Mia. You have to believe me or you will never be able to get out of this village." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"O-Okay... Fine, Fine... I will believe you. Just don’t make me regret this decision. There is a secret door in his house.

My father built that house and the chief asked him to keep that door a secret. When I was little... I used it to hide from the other kids while playing.

You can used it to get inside the house." Mia replied with a serious expression.

"Where is it ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"It’s in the back of the house. You have to look down at the bottom left corner and you will notice a small gap between the wooden logs there." Mia explained.

"Okay, Thanks." Leon spoke as he immediately started walking towards the chief’s house.

"Wait... Come back." Mia spoke as she grabbed his hand and pulled him back.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I want to sleep with you tonight. I heard what you did to Lea... I want to feel it too." Mia spoke with an embarrassed expression.

"Fine, Fine... You will sleep with me tonight. Now let go of my hand. I don’t have time for this." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Okay." Mia spoke as she let go of Leon’s hand.

Without wasting another second, Leon sneaked upto Orion’s house and after looking around for a while, he finally found the secret door on the left bottom corner but it was very small.

So small that only a cat or dog can pass through it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235: I also have some tricks
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now looking at the small door behind Orion’s house with a confused expression.

’Why would he make such a small gate ? Even for him, this is too small to run from.’ He thought with a confused expression.

"Master... Shall I go inside and take a look ?" Dusk asked as he looked at Leon with a neutral expression.

"Go inside and remove the curtain from that window a little. I want to see him with my own eyes and use invisibility to hide yourself." Leon ordered.

"As you command, Master." Dusk replied as he immediately turned invisible.

Leon slowly placed his hand over the gate and pushed it in slowly.

As soon as the gate opened up a little bit, Dusk squeezed his way in and Leon slowly walked upto the window that was on the right side of the chief’s house.

This spot was dangerous as all the villagers can easily spot him but the due to the darkness, he was barely visible to them.

Leon slowly looked inside the window and noticed that curtains were still there.

’What the hell is Dusk-’ Before he could’ve completed the thought, the curtain moved slowly and a bright light came from inside.

"What the-!?" Leon immediately closed his eyes as the light was too bright.

As the light dimmed down, Leon opened his eyes and noticed that Orion is sitting on the floor his knees bent and the same bowl that we was carrying yesterday was in his hands.

He was in his original fairy form and the bright light was coming from inside the bowl.

"Mllkiaoo Oliyui Pouyen, Iiwoy Se Risoua." Orion was chanting some kind of spells in ancient language as he looked at the bowl.

’What the hell is that spell-’ Before Leon could’ve thought of anything else, seven brightly glowing stones started flying out of the bowl.

All the stones were glowing brightly white and they had a majestic Aura around them.

’Soul Stones.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he continued to observe.

"So, beautiful..." Orion spoke as he placed the bowl down and stood up to admire their beauty.

’These soul stones... They have some kind of attraction force. I can feel it and for some unknown reason... I want them.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"...Become mine." Orion spoke as he slowly raised his hands towards the soul stones but as soon as he tried to touch them, he felt a very unpleasant burning sensation.

*SsssssS*

"Shit..." Orion spoke as he immediately withdrew his hand and noticed that it was burnt really bad.

"You don’t want to come to me huh ? Don’t worry, in the next three days... Your hosts will die and then I will forcefully take you.

You will become mine and then, I will become the strongest fairy in this world. I will destroy all the humans and turn them into my fear producing toys." Orion spoke as a menacing smile appeared over his face.

<Inspect>

[Name: Orion Ikol]

[Class: Maze Master]

[Race: Mungel Fairy]

[Level: 40]

[HP: 80000/80000]

[MP: 1500/100000]

[Description: Orion is a Mungel fairy, one of the evil fairies that exist inside the forest and feed on other’s fear and death...]

’His mana is very low...’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he immediately ran back to the small door behind the house and laid down on the ground.

"Please..." He spoke as he grabbed the door and started pushing his body in forcefully.

While Orion was busy talking to the soul stones like a crazy maniac. Leon squeezed in through the small door and entered inside the house.

As soon as he entered inside the house, Leon closed the small door, but as soon as the door was closed... It made a small clicking sound.

*Click*

’Fuck...’

"Hmm...!?" Orion immediately turned back and noticed Leon standing there.

"Hello, Mr. Orion Ikol." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at him.

"How do you know... My full name ? And How did you get in my house ?" Orion asked with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Now, Now, we don’t want to raise our voices right ? Because the skill that you are using right now to hide your real form from everyone can easily be cancelled if the villagers get to know about your truth.

Just a little suspicion and your form will be revealed to everyone. Now, do you want that Orion ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at him.

"Ho-How do you even know about that ? Who the hell are you ?" Orion asked with a serious expression.

"Oh me...? I am just a normal guy, who knows somethings about you. Like, how you are using everyone in this village as your fear producing machine and how you have killed their parents before they could’ve taught them anything about the outside world.

You raised them and made them believe in a fake god so that they will fear those cursed fairies and you can live on it.

You didn’t let them learn magic, so that they can’t become stronger than you." Leon spoke with a smile as he walked closer to Orion.

"D-Don’t come near me... What do you want ?" Orion asked with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Oh, I want many things but right now... I want those soul stones behind you." Leon replied with a smile.

"You know what they are called... How do you know that ?" Orion asked with a suspicious expression.

"I don’t think that matters right now." Leon replied with a smile.

"Ah, I understand now... You are with my sister, that bitch sent you here to get them, isn’t that right ?" Orion asked with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Hand over the soul stones and I will leave the village. You can continue to live your sad pathetic life once I am gone." Leon replied with a serious expression as he opened his inventory and summoned the Nyxter behind his back.

"Oh no, no, no, no.... Hell no. You think I will just give them to you ? You are a human, a lesser race, a small big in my eyes... You don’t have any idea of my powers.

I can kill you right here and right now. No one will heard a single voice." Orion replied with a serious expression as he raised his hand and the wooden floor beneath him started growing like a tree.

Sharp stakes formed out of the growing wood and started hovering behind Orion.

"Each of these stakes will go through your heart and kill you before you can make a single sound.

Now, do you want that Leon ?" Orion asked with the same maniac smile as he looked at him.

"Oh... Who am I kidding ? You are obviously stronger than me. Here, I surrender." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he brought out the Nyxter to front and placed it on the ground, near Orion’s feet.

"Yes, Yes... Very good. You know your place now and-"

<Bluff>

<Steelweb Armour>

[+45000 HP]

As soon as Leon activated the skill, his body got covered in the dark armour made out of steelweb spider’s web and without wasting another second, he raised his hand and grabbed Orion’s neck.

*Gwak*

"W-What the-" without thinking much, Orion waved his hand and launched all the stakes towards Leon.

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

The wooden stakes crashed against the steelweb armour and broke immediately.

"Now, What were you saying about my place ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Orion’s ugly and shocked face.

"L-Leave me... I-I will destroy you." Orion spoke as he grabbed Leon’s hand and tried to break free but his grip was hellish strong due to the armour.

"Now, Now... Calm down. Don’t try to exhaust all your leftover mana in threatening me. If I can’t regenerate mana inside this village... That means you can’t do it as well.

So, you are pretty much fucked." Leon spoke with a smile as he tightened his grip over his neck.

"T-That’s where you are... w-wrong." Orion spoke in a broken voice as he immediately raised his hand and a wicked smile appeared over his face.

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH...."

"HELPPPPPPPPPP...."

"SOMEONE SAVE US."

...

Suddenly, loud voices started coming from outside.

"What-!?" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Orion grabbed his hand and squeezed it tightly.

*Crack*

Suddenly, cracks started appearing all over Leon’s armour.

"How, you-" Leon looked at his hand with a shocked expression but before he could’ve done anything about it, a warning screen popped up in front of him.

[-40500 HP]

[Warning: Armour at 87% Integrity. If not repaired immediately the it will disappear.]

"Get your filthy hands off of me..." Orion spoke as he removed Leon’s hand from his neck and grabbed his neck.

*Grab*

*Squeeze*

He squeezed his neck and the armour broke completely.

*Crack*

[-5500 HP]

[Note: Steelweb Armour has been destroyed.]

"What did you think ? You would just walk into my house and manipulate me however you want ?

What do you humans call it ? Ah, right... I also have some tricks up my sleeves." Orion spoke with a smile as dark tattoos started appearing over his face and his hands.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236: Don’t play God
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Orion is now holding Leon’s throat in his hand and there is a menacing smile on his face.

’How did he do that...? How the hell did he became so much stronger all of a sudden ?

Fuck... I have to get out of his hands.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he immediately used the mana threads that he binded to the Nyxter’s blades earlier.

The blades immediately flew out of their sheath and silently went behind Orion’s back.

"Don’t even think of making any sounds, this house is covered in a special spell that can stop any sound from going-" Before Orion could’ve completed his sentence, all the blades came at him from behind with full speed.

*Stab-Stab-Stab-Stab-Stab*

"FUCKKKKKKK... FUCKKK... IT HURTSSSS." Orion shouted as he immediately let go of Leon’s neck and tried to get the blades out of his back.

"Dusk now." Leon ordered with a serious expression.

"Yes, Master." Dusk spoke as he immediately revealed himself and transformed into his original form.

Without wasting another second, Dusk jumped over Orion’s back and used his skill.

<Mana’s Gravity>

As soon as he used the skill, a very heavy gravitational pull was applied over Orion’s body, pushing the Nyxter’s blades even deeper into his back.

"AHHHHHHHHHH... THE BLADDESSS PLEASE STOPPPPP... I-I BEG YOU, PLEASE STOPPPPP." Orion shouted in pain as he couldn’t lift a finger because of the extreme gravity.

"How did you get powerful all of a sudden ? Tell me." Leon asked as he sat down on the floor and looked at him with a serious expression.

"I-I will... Please the swords... They are very painful and T-They are penetrating through my fucking bone-" Before Orion could’ve completed his sentence, Leon picked up a small dagger that was lying inside a fruit basket on the table.

"You are going to answer me or..." Leon spoke as he slowly brought the dagger over Orion’s head.

’Fuck... The force is so strong. The swords should’ve pierced through his body by now but his bones are still holding them even under this pressure. He is far stronger than I thought.

It’s good that I came back with a back-up plan in case he pulls something like this. Although I didn’t expected dusk to have such a powerful skill.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"W-Wait... I-If you kill me the magic runes around the village will wear off and everyone will be dead." Orion shouted as he looked at the dagger closing in on his head.

"What !? You have drawn those runes ?" Leon asked with a confused and shocked expression.

"T-The runes are being powered by these soul stones and if you kill me. The power supplying link will break and those runes will be nothing more than stones." Orion spoke as he tried to raise his hand but dusk immediately stopped him using his claw.

*Thud*

"Are you trying to buy time to pull something like before ? Because I am holding this dagger with all my strength. I let go and you will be fucking dead in a second.

I don’t give a shit about villagers, I will run away with the soul stones because those fairies can’t attack you when you hold them right ?" Leon asked with a smile as he brought the dagger closer to his face.

"I-I am not... I-I am telling you the truth. W-When I raised my hand, I casted a strong illusion spell that made all the villagers see their worst fears forming in front of their very eyes.

As soon as their fear spiked, my mana started regenerating rapidly. I-I don’t use normal mana like you, I use-"

"Negative Mana." Leon completed the sentence as he looked at Orion.

’So those runes only stop normal mana from regenerating, but negative mana can be regenerated.

I should’ve considered a possibility.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Yes. Yes... I use negative mana. H-How do you know about-"

"Those soul stones... You took them out of the village. But the runes were still working. How is that possible ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"I-I am the link between them and the runes. They will work as long as I stay alive and I am really dying right now... What the hell are these blades even made out of ?

They are piercing my body unlike any other human weapon... If you don’t stop them now. One of them will pierce through my heart and kill me.

The sun is already down and I know you don’t want the blood of so many innocent people on your hands.

So, just remove your blades from my back and my face, w-we might be able to come at some kind of conclusion, right ?" Orion spoke as he looked at Leon.

"Oh... I am not stupid enough to leave you like that." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately pulled out two wooden beads out of his pocket and showed them to Orion.

"These beads explode when I want them to explode and when they do... Oh, believe me... They make quiet an explosion.

One of them is enough to annihilate you but I am still using two just in case. Now... They will explode as soon as I command them to explode but, they will also explode if you try to take them out.

Do you understand ?" Leon asked with a smile as he showed them to Orion.

"Y-You can’t do that... W-What if you accidentally exploded my body ?" Orion asked with a scared expression as he looked at the beads.

"Well... We have to play the game of luck on that and believe me... If I felt that you are trying to play a trick on me, I will explode your body immediately.

You can enchant your body with magic from outside to get stronger but believe me, on the inside... You are also weak." Leon spoke with a menacing smile as he looked at Orion.

Since the bluff skill was still active, Orion had no choice but to believe in what Leon was saying.

Leon looked at the blades and tried to pull them out using the mana threads but even though he tried his best... The blades weren’t budging from their location.

’The gravitational pull is too strong... I have to use physical force as well.’ Leon spoke as he immediately grabbed one of the blade and pulled it using both mana thread and his hands.

"Fucking... Hell." Leon spoke as he pulled out the blade successfully and placed it aside.

He then placed one of the bead on the cut that the blade had left and the bead went inside the cut, instantly.

"Good." Leon spoke as he immediately pulled out one more blade from his body and planted another bead inside.

He then pulled out all the other blades and walked upto the front.

"I will be taking these from your hands and remember... don’t forget that if you tried to play some trick, your body will go boom in just a second." Leon spoke with a smile as he grabbed the bowl and collected the hovering soul stones into it.

"Dusk... Leave him once I get out of the house." Leon ordered as he looked at Dusk and started walking towards the exit door.

"As you command master." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"D-Don’t help h-her...." Orion spoke in a low voice.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked back with a confused expression.

"She is weak and too trusting. Her trust was the thing that got her entrapped by that Demonic Parasite.

Her trust was the reason why humans entered inside this forest and killed her. Join me... Leon and I will give you powers beyond you can think.

We will remake a better world... Where no one will fight and everyone will live in peace." Orion spoke with a serious expression.

"Ah... really ? How do you plan on doing that ? By killing every human ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"This village is an example that I can make a world that lives in peace and harmony. I can make the humans right... They will forget everything about wars and murders.

They will-"

"Are you calling this village some kind of paradise for humans ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he walked upto him.

"No... But, I can make one if you support me. This village can be the foundation of a new beautiful world full of-" Before Orion could’ve completed his sentence, Leon placed his foot over his face.

"This is what it feels like living inside this village after knowing that you are the one controlling it.

I hope you are liking it." Leon spoke with a disgusted expression as he removed his foot from his face.

"Y-You will die one day and you will die like the other pathetic humans and you will regret not taking-" Before Orion could’ve completed his sentence, Leon exited through the main gate.

*Thud*

Dusk immediately went Invisible and turned off the gravity spell. Leaving Orion alone once again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237: Look before you land
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Leon exited the chief’s house, he noticed that all the villagers are lying unconscious on the ground.

’Wow... They can’t even stay conscious in front of their worst fears.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he noticed Mia standing near a wall.

She was staring into the air with a scared expression and her eyes were flashing deep red from time to time.

"Mia ?" Leon calles out with a confused expression.

"N-No... Please, d-don’t go." Mia spoke as she raised her hand towards nothing.

"Is she still facing her fear ?" Leon asked in a low voice as he immediately started walking towards her.

"D-Don’t leave me... I-I can’t live like this. Please... I-I beg you." Mia spoke with a scared expression as she walked forward.

"Mia." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over her shoulder.

"NOO... PLEASE- What ? W-What is happening here ?" Mia asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"What were you seeing ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"I-It was a dream ? Oh my god... What happened to all of them ?" Mia asked with a scared expression as she immediately noticed all the villagers lying on the ground.

"It was-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Orion walked out of his house in his original form.

*Thud*

"Leon Luster..." He spoke with a angry expression as he turned to look at Leon.

"Oh my god... H-He is really a fairy." Mia spoke with a scared expression as she looked at Orion and her whole body started shaking like crazy.

"Calm down..." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he continued to look at Orion.

"You don’t have any idea what you have done..." Orion spoke as he looked at Leon.

"Please... Tell me." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he kept staring him.

"He won’t leave me alive after what happened today... I have failed him, but I won’t let you succeed either.

Now, I am going to kill my dear sister and you have two choices. Either kill me and let all of them die or save them and let me kill Medina.

Make a choice... Leon Luster." Orion spoke as he his wings started flapping at an incredible speed and his body started hovering.

*Swish*

He immediately flew towards the tree of Life. Leaving behind a strong gust of wind.

"W-What just happened ? I-I couldn’t understand..." Mia spoke as she looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"Don’t try to understand anything for now. I will be back soon, take care of them until then." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he started running towards the village’s border.

"Where are you going !?" Mia asked with an utterly confused expression.

"To Hell. DUSK..." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he immediately called out to dusk.

"Master..." Dusk immediately jumped off from the roof of chief’s house and transformed into his original form.

He started running right besides Leon and as soon as both of the crossed the safety runes, Leon jumped over Dusk’s back.

*Hup*

"Run... Dusk, Run as fast as you can and get me to that tree." Leon ordered with a serious expression.

"As you command, Master." Dusk spoke as he immediately activated his skill.

<THUNDER STEPS>

As soon as he activated his skill, his fur started glowing brightly blue and his speed increased so much that Leon’s vision started to blur all of a sudden.

....

Orion is also flying towards the tree of life with full speed and there is a scared expression on his face.

"I will kill her... I have to kill her. This is the only-" He started speaking but stopped as soon as he noticed a blue streak of light travelling through the forest at an incredible speed.

"What is that ? How is that moving so fast ?" Orion asked with a confused expression as he saw the streak of light leave him behind in an instant.

"Wait... It’s heading towards the..." Suddenly, Orion realised that it was none other than Leon himself.

"How the hell is he even doing that ?" Orion asked with a shocked expression as he immediately started flapping his wings even faster.

....

*Swish-Swish-Swish*

Dusk was running so fast that he was barely placing his feet on the ground.

*Crack-Crack-Crack-Crack*

*Screeeeech*

Dusk came to a sudden halt as his fur started to raise even higher and he started growling.

*Grrrrrrrrrrrrr*

"What happened Dusk ?" Leon asked as he rubbed his eyes and opened them slowly, only to notice all the seven cursed fairies standing in front of him.

"Oh my..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he immediately pulled the bowl out of his inventory and placed his hand over Dusk’s head.

"Calm down... Dusk. We can’t fight them." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he stepped down from his back and noticed that the fairies are coming towards him.

"Surrender yourself and become our master’s food." One of them spoke in a lifeless tone as she looked at Leon.

"I don’t have any plans to become anyone’s food for the next few years, let alone a parasites’ Darling." Leon replied with a smile as he brought the bowl forward.

"We will kill you and him without pain... Just surrender." Another fairy spoke as she got really close to Leon.

The cursed fairy raised her hand in order to grab Leon’s neck but before she could’ve done it... Leon removed the cloth from the bowl and a bright shine covered the environment.

"Khhhhhhhhhh..."

"Krrhhhhhhhh...."

...

The fairies made weird sounds as all of them immediately stepped back from Leon and Dusk.

"What happened ? Don’t you want to feed your master ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at the fairies.

"LEON LUSTERRRRRRR...." Suddenly a loud sound came from above.

Leon immediately turned back and noticed that Orion is coming at him from above with an angry expression. His hand aiming for the bowl that had the soul stones in it.

"Store..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression and the bowl disappeared from his hand immediately.

"Give me-"

*THUD*

Orion crashed into the ground brutally but he immediately grabbed a nearby tree and stood up once again.

"G-Give me those stones... They belong to me." Orion spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Oh... Your wings look really injured." Leon spoke with a smile as he pointed towards Orion’s wings.

"What ?" Orion immediately looked at his wings and noticed that two of them are broken really bad in the landing.

"You won’t be able to fly with them, right ?" Leon asked.

"Give me the stones or-" Orion started walking towards Leon with an angry expression but he was interrupted all of a sudden by a hand that grabbed his neck from behind.

"What the-" As soon as he looked back his eyes widened in fear, two cursed fairies were standing right behind him.

One of them grabbed his neck and the other one grabbed his wings.

"You will become master’s food." The fairies spoke as they looked at Orion.

"W-What... N-No, I am with your master. I-I am on your master’s side..." Orion spoke as he tried to break free from their grip but his efforts were completely futile.

The cursed fairies were too strong.

"Looks like you are about to become food for your sister’s children. You should’ve really looked around before you landed." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately pulled out the bowl of soul stones out of his inventory and showed it to rest of the fairies that were trying to get closer to him.

"Y-You can’t do this to me... Y-You have to help me. T-They won’t kill me... T-The Parasite will suck out my life force just like he is doing with them and use me as it’s slave.

K-Kill me with the beads... I-I beg you. I-I don’t want to be tortured like that... Leon luster... P-Please KILL ME... I-I BEG YOUUU." Orion shouted as the fairies dragged him away.

"You were the one who gave me choice... Now, I am choosing to let you live and save the villagers.

But it’s sad that you didn’t get to kill your sister." Leon spoke with a taunting smile.

*Thud*

The fairies placed him against the tree right over the part that was corrupted by the parasite.

"N-No, leave me... I-I work for him... If he knows about this, you will be finished you stupid parasite.

L-Lea-" Orion shouted and struggled to get out, but the parasite spreaded it’s dark vines all over his body and blocked his mouth.

The vines then started crawling inside his eyes and ears. In just a few seconds, Orion went into a vegetative state. He stopped struggling.

Leon walked forward and passed through the fairies using soul stones.

"I am here with the stones... What do I have to do now ?" Leon asked as he walked upto the back and noticed Medina sleeping.

"Mr. Leon ? Is that you ?" Suddenly a familiar voice rang from the right side.

"Hmm..?" Leon immediately turned around and noticed Rees standing there with his sickle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238: Can you save her ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mr. Leon... Is that really you ? Wait... It has to be you since illusion magics don’t work on me." Rees spoke as he immediately walked closer to Leon.

"How do I believe that you aren’t an illusion ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he immediately pulled out the Nyxter and pointed it towards Rees.

’System... Turn off Rees’ necroheart.’ Leon ordered in his mind.

[Would you like to turn off the bonded ’Necroheart’ inside the undead ?] [Yes/No ?]

’Yes.’ Leon ordered.

[Necroheart will stop working now. The Undead will die in 399 Days.]

"Oh, I am one hundred percent real. Ask me anything you-" Before Rees could’ve completed his sentence, he felt something odd in his body.

"What happened ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I think... I think that my necroheart stopped working." Rees spoke as he immediately took off the robe and noticed that his necroheart wasn’t glowing.

"How is that possible ? The necroheart should be absorbing mana from my bones and it shouldn’t stop working." Rees spoke as he continued to stare at the necroheart.

’Restart the Necroheart, System.’ Leon spoke.

[Note: Host will have to supply mana to the necroheart in order to restart it.]

As soon as Leon saw this notification he immediately placed the Nyxter back into his inventory and started walking towards Rees.

"It must’ve run out of mana... Here, I will supply some more." Leon spoke as he took the necroheart from his hand and supplied mana to it.

As soon as he supplied mana to the necroheart, it started glowing green once again.

"Oh... It’s working again. But how ? It shouldn’t behave like this." Rees spoke as he continued to stare at the necroheart.

"Just put it back into your chest, Rees. I don’t have time to do this right now... But, I am very interested in knowing, what the fuck are you doing here ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Oh... Mr. Leon, you remember that friend I told you about in the dungeon who needed my help ?" Rees asked.

"Yeah." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"That’s her... Medina. The fairy mother and the caretaker of the Tree of Life." Rees replied as he he pointed towards Medina.

"You are friends with a fucking Demi-God ?" Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"She likes dead humans with wisdom. What can I say ?" Rees replied as he looked at Leon.

"Yeah, both of you should get married." Leon replied with a smile as he turned around and noticed that Medina is slowly opening her eyes.

"Hey... I brought the soul stones and your brother is captured by the parasite. What should I do now ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I-I can’t thank you enough... Mr. Leon. Y-You have done something that I couldn’t expect from any normal human. You have earned my respect." Medina spoke in a very low voice as she looked at Leon.

[Congratulation ! You have successfully obtained the title {Favour Of Fairies}.]

[Title: Favour Of Fairies]

[Rank: B]

[Description: Whenever you kill a hostile monster inside a forest, this title will be activated. Exp gain will be doubled as soon as the title gets activated.]

’Holy shit... That’s an overpowered title to have.’ Leon thought with a serious and shocked expression.

"Rees... You are here as well. Thank God... I never thought you will reply to my call." Medina spoke as she looked at Rees.

"You have helped me in a very tough time Medina and we promised each other to come whenever the time comes.

I have honoured my promise. But I don’t understand, why the tree of life is strangled by such an inferior demonic Parasite ?

Why aren’t your children destroying this ting ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"My brother... He betrayed me." Medina spoke with a sad expression.

"Okay, you are too slow. Rees... Her brother Orion betrayed her and stole the soul stones of her children.

He then used the parasite to control them but now he is being consumed by the Parasite because he couldn’t control it. Now... What do I have to do with these soul stones ? There are ladies waiting for me in the village." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"You will need the fruit of the tree and soak the stones in it’s juice then you have to plant them forcefully inside one of my children." Medina explained as she looked at Leon.

"What Fruit ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked up and noticed some blue coloured fruits hanging on it’s branches.

"I think she is talking about the blue ones, Mr. Leon." Rees spoke as he pointed towards them.

"I see them Rees." Leon replied as he looked at him.

"You have to climb up and get it." Medina replied.

"If I stepped on that parasite’s vines... I will be like your brother and I really don’t want to give blowjob to a fucking parasite for the rest of my life.

Can’t you just get the tree to drop one of them ? I will catch it." Leon asked with a serious expression.

"I can’t... I-I am sorry, Mr. Leon." Medina replied with a sad expression.

"Fine... Time to test out new skill then." Leon spoke as he activated his skill.

<Feather Weight>

[-1% Weight]

[-1% Weight]

[-1% Weight]

...

As soon as these notifications started popping in front of Leon, a smile appeared over his face.

"Have you started the casting, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... Wait for a bit." Leon replied as he started jumping up and down.

’I can feel it... My body weight is reducing. If I added wind magic to it... I will be able to fly easily.

I can manipulate my body with wind magic, although I have to keep applying pressure from above or I will just float away into the space.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he kept jumping up and down and everytime he jumped, his jumping height increased.

"Umm... Mr. Leon ? May I ask what are you doing ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"I am trying to jump to that fruit." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"B-But... How can that be possible ? You can’t just keep jumping and expect to reach-" Before Rees could’ve completed his sentence he noticed that Leon’s jumping height was increasing with every passing second, even though it was increasing very slowly but it was noticeable.

’How is that possible ? He didn’t even chant for a skill. Is he even using a skill to do that ? A gravity skill ?

But, that’s a rare magic only a few monsters know it. How can a human use gravity magic ?’ Rees thought as he continued to stare at Leon.

One minute passed and Leon was now jumping High enough to reach the trees branch.

"Just a little bit more..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he tried to grab the branch but it slipped away from his hand.

*Thud*

"Hup..." Without wasting another second, he jumped up once again.

"Here I come." Leon spoke as he grabbed the branch this time.

*Grab*

"Where are your children, Medina ?" Rees asked as he looked at her.

"The Parasite... It sends them to hunt for food around this time." Medina replied in a weak voice as black veins started popping on her face.

"The Parasite is trying to devour you." Rees spoke as he stepped forward but since he was already dead, the parasite didn’t react to his presence.

Rees slowly raised his hand and placed on her cheek.

"R-Rees, I-I want you to do the crown ceremony for Kiren." Medina spoke with a serious expression as she looked at him.

"What are you saying ? We will save you. I believe in Mr. Leon... He can definitely save you." Rees spoke as he looked at Medina.

"Haha... He is just a man child, Rees. You are a wise scholar, the Parasite has grown too strong to be defeated at this point.

Once I pass the responsibility of fairy mother to Kiren. I will gain my powers for a very short time and I will use that to destroy the tree with me.

This parasite shouldn’t leave this forest. I can’t perform the ceremony like this. You have to do it for me." Medina spoke as she looked at Rees.

"I can’t do it... I refuse to let a friend die. I have already lost too many people. There has to be some way to save you and I will find it." Rees spoke in an angry tone.

"Umm... What’s happening here ?" Leon’s voice came from the side.

Rees turned to the right and noticed that Leon was standing there with a blue fruit in his hand.

"Mr. Leon... You have so much knowledge. Can you please save her ? I-I beg you.

Y-You must’ve some way of saving her right ?" Rees spoke as he walked upto him.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he turned to look at Medina.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239: Enid Or Mia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ress and Leon are now standing away from Medina as they discussed something.

"Rees... She is a demi-god and that is not an ordinary parasite, it’s a life sucking demon parasite who is sucking on her life force.

It’s already too strong to defeat. How do you think, I am going to do it ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"B-But... Mr. Leon, You are the smartest guy after me here. You got us out of that forest with just a stick.

Please, I beg you. Medina is too precious to loose. She helped me in a very dark place and if I let her die now, it will be an insult on our friendship." Rees spoke as he grabbed Leon’s hand.

"This doesn’t look like friendship... wait, are you in love with her ?" Leon asked with a smirk.

"W-What... I-I didn’t say that. T-That’s not even possible... I-I am an undead and she is-" Rees started speaking as his voice started breaking.

"Yep, you are in love with her." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Yes, fine... I am in love with her. But, you can’t tell her about it. I don’t want her to break her friendship with me." Rees spoke in a low voice.

"An undead is in love with a demi-god Fairy Mother. Isn’t that one fucking lovely couple ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Mr. Leon... We can talk about this later. But, please tell me that you can save her." Rees asked a she looked at Leon.

"The parasite is getting stronger with every passing second. It’s sucking on the tree’s life force and her-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, his eyes landed over Medina and an idea came to his mind.

"Wait, wait, wait... Hey Medina. You are the caretaker of the tree, right ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at her.

"Yes..." Medina replied in a weak voice as she barely raised her neck.

"This place is covered in negative mana... That means this parasite is using negative mana to use a skill that sucks the life force out of the tree.

This means if we can get rid of the negative mana... The parasite won’t be able to suck out the tree’s life force." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"You are right, Mr. Leon... But, how can we get rid of this negative mana ? As you said this place is filled with it and you can’t destroy negative mana with normal mana." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"I know... Rees can you create a chamber that can hold all this negative mana and stop it from escaping ?

But make it so that it can only take in negative mana and not let it escape." Leon asked as he turned to look at him.

"I will have to do some critical changes in the spell, but I think I can make it. Yet, I don’t understand how you are going to capture the negative mana in it, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

"I-I am telling you... I-It’s futile. *Cough-Cough* Just let m-me take it... *Cough-Cough* take it down with me." Medina spoke as she started coughing blood once again but this time her blood’s colour was black instead of red.

"The parasite is trying to kill her as fast as possible. It must’ve sensed that the soul stones are here longer than usual." Rees spoke as he looked at Medina.

"R-Rees... You have to do the ceremony for Kiren. If-"

"Rees, make the chamber. I don’t want her to die before I execute the plan." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes..." Rees immediately pulled out a paper from his robe and started drawing magic circle over it.

"It’s futile to help her." Suddenly, a voice came from the other side of the forest.

"Hmm...?" Rees and Leon immediately looked back and noticed a figure stepping out from the bushes.

As soon as Leon, saw her face... His eyes opened wide in shock.

Because the girl that stepped out from behind the bushes was none other than...

"... Mia." Leon spoke in low voice, his face still in shock.

"Hello, Mr. Leon." Mia spoke with a smile as she waved her hand at Leon.

"What are you doing here Mia ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he started to realize something.

"Oh come on... Don’t act like you don’t know what’s happening here." Mia spoke with a smile as she started walking towards Leon.

"Who is she, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked as he looked at Mia.

"Someone from the village...." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he opened his inventory and pulled out the Nyxter.

"Y-You... Again. What are you here for ? Want to see me die ?" Medina spoke in a weak and angry tone as she looked at Mia.

"Oh that I would love to see... But, first I would like to have a sweet talk with my saviour. The hero who is going to take me out of the village and save me from the evil village chief." Mia spoke as she walked upto Leon and placed her hands over his shoulders.

"A demonic parasite can’t grow on it’s own... It needs a caretaker too, you know ?" Mia spoke as she smiled and her silky black hairs started to turn brightly white.

Her eyes turned completely dark and her clothes shrank down to a two piece clothing that barely covered her boobs and her ass.

"Let me introduce myself properly this time. My name is Enid Snezt. The daughter of the fourth demon general Raka Snezt.

They also call me the mistress of night and deadly blade." Enid spoke as she looked at Leon with a wide smile.

"Who are ’They’ ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

As soon as Leon asked this, complete silence covered the environment for three seconds...

"What ?" Enid asked with a confused expression.

"You said ’They also call me whore of night’. So... Who are ’They’ ?" Leon asked again with a neutral expression.

"Did you just call me a ’Whore’ ?" Enid asked with an angry expression as her monstrous smile grew wider and her nails started to grow bigger.

"That’s what ’mistress of night’ means in human language." Leon replied with a straight face.

"Ah... I know, what you are doing. You are trying to get me all angry and pissed off... So that I will make a mistake and you can use it to defeat me.

But, that’s not going to happen. You see, I am a very smart creature unlike a mere Human being." Enid replied with an arrogant expression as her nails went back to their original size.

"You talk too much for a whore." Leon replied with a smirk.

"I can kill you in a single slap from my hand. But, I am not going to do it. You know why ?" Enid asked with a smile as she looked at him.

"Why ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Because you are different. Unlike the other humans... You are smart and you have skills too.

You have pleased me so much that I am considering you to make my slave and serve under me for the rest of your pathetic life.

Demons will soon take over the human kingdom and once they do. You will be like a king to them.

They will listen to anything you say and do anything you want. So, what do you think ? Will you become my slave or will you become the food for my parasite ?" Enid spoke as she immediately hurled her hand and the parasite immediately let go of Orion.

"HAAAAAAAH..." Orion sucked in a lot of air as soon as he was released.

"Look at him... He is serving as my slave and he is getting what he wants. He has a small village full of humans that lets him feed on their fear and sadness.

Their fake hope makes him stronger. Of course you can also live in that same village if you become my slave... I can even make you the next chief of the village if that’s what you wish for and-" Before Enid could’ve completed her sentence, Orion interrupted her.

"Hey, Hey, Hey... The village is mine. Me and your father had a deal... I hope you are not disrespecting the words of your father." Orion spoke with an angry expression as he immediately walked upto her.

"Are you talking back to me ?" Enid spoke as her eyes started glowing brightly red and her smile started to stretch in an odd manner.

"N-No... Ma’am. I-I was just saying-"

"Shut up and let me talk to him. My father wouldn’t want a useless dog like you who got defeated by a human.

He would rather prefer you with some salt on your wings in dinner." Enid spoke as she looked at Orion with a disgusted expression.

Orion didn’t speak anything after this and started looking in another direction with an angry expression.

"Now... Where was I ? Oh yeah, I can also give you powers beyond your expectations. You can use them to bend anyone to your will.

So what do you say ?" Enid asked with a smile.

"Well, What can I say ? It’s a good offer... But, you see, I don’t really take offers from whores. I prefer to fuck them and leave them on the ground next morning." Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240: It wasn’t poison
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow... I didn’t think you were this arrogant when I talked to you back in the village." Enid spoke with a neutral expression as she looked at him.

"I didn’t knew I was talking to a back-stabbing whore back then. Although, I don’t understand how you got the whole village to play along with you." Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Oh... All those stories are true. I do have a husband and child both of them are demons as well.

In order to create my sad story, I had to make that act. So that if one day, someone like you comes... I can just use it.

The village was supposed to stay hidden from the outsiders but she must’ve used some of her leftover powers to reveal the village in front of you.

As soon as you entered inside the village that night, I started playing with you like a rat who is trapped in a box with a lot of cheese.

You knew that you are an outsider who knows magic and you thought that everyone around you is dumb as well.

Although, I liked how you refused to tell the villagers about the outside world. That was really a very smart move.

I still can’t figure out how you find out about him. I mean, did he do something that made him look suspicious and even if he did, how did you figure out that he is a fairy ?" Enid asked with a smile.

"Oh... He is a stupid, he was moving too fast for an old man." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Enid.

"Hmm... You can’t figure out that he is fairy just from that. You will need-"

"Look, I am not here to answer your stupid questions and I am not going to become your slave either.

So, let’s end this already." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Oh well... If you want to to die that bad. I will give you a swift death." Enid spoke with a smile as she immediately raised her hand and used a spell.

<Daggers of Darkness>

But, nothin happened...

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at her hand with a confused expression.

"What !?" Enid asked as she immediately looked at her hand and noticed that her magic wasn’t working.

<Daggers of Darkness>

She tried to cast the spell again, but nothing happened.

"What is happ-" Enid started speaking but as soon as she turned to look at Leon, she noticed a wide smirk on his face.

Four days ago, Inside Mia’s house...

Leon placed Mia on her bed since she fell asleep while crying near the campfire.

As soon as he placed her on the bed... Leon turned around to leave but suddenly, he noticed something odd.

"Hmm...?" Leon slowly turned around and noticed a small piece of black vine on her skirt.

’This vine... I know this. It’s the same vine that covers the body of those cursed fairies.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at Mia’s sleeping face.

’Something is not right...’ He thought immediately using his skill on her.

<Inspect>

[Name: Enid Snezt]

[Class: Drechur]

[Race: Ingget Demon]

[Level: 207]

[HP: 2890000/2890000]

[MP: 700,000/700,000]

[Description: Enid is a Drechur, one of the few demons that can raise demonic parasites and turn them into strong partners in fights.

She is the daughter of fourth Demonic General and controls Orion on command. She has a strong intrest in you and wants to make you her slave. Enid has an allergic reaction to Draumet’s flower and if that flower comes in contact with her skin, she can loose control of her magic and the control over her parasites.]

As soon as Leon readed the screen, he placed his fingers on his temples and looked down in disappointment as he closed his eyes.

’Obviously... How can her husband run away with her child ? That’s one dumb story to believe in.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

’Fine... You want to play this game ? Let’s play darling...’ He thought immediately turning around and leaving the house.

*Thud*

As soon as Leon exited the house, Mia opened her eyes and stood up from the bed.

"What the hell was he staring at me for so long ? I can guarantee he was thinking of raping me. Hmm... I would’ve liked that." Enid spoke with a smile as she walked upto the left corner of her house and pressed against a small wooden door.

As soon as the wooden door opened up, she flicked her hand and her body’s size started to shrink.

In just a few seconds, her body shrinked down to a one year child’s height.

She then exited out of the small door and started walking towards Orion’s house with a smile on her face.

After reaching behind Orion’s house, she Knocked on the small door that built near the bottom left corner.

*Knock-Knock*

"Coming." Orion’s voice came from inside as he opened the door immediately.

*Click*

"P-Please come, Madam Enid." Orion spoke as he immediately went down on his knees.

Enid entered inside the house and her body grew back to her original size.

"What the hell is wrong with you ? Why were you saying that you are going to carry me to the house ?" Enid asked with a serious and angry expression.

"I-I was just letting him think that you are-"

"Oh shut up... Let’s just go and check if that bitch is dead or not. I will go first and you will come one hour after me." Enid spoke as she immediately exited through the backdoor.

"Bitch." Orion spoke with an angry expression as he closed the door.

*Thud*

...

Back to present,

"What have you done ?" Enid asked with a confused and shocked expression as she looked at Leon.

Leon immediately placed his hand inside his pocket and pulled out a white flower.

"The flower of Draumet... I rubbed this all over my body when I was coming here. Hope you don’t have any kind of allergies with it." Leon spoke with a wide smile as he looked at Enid.

"How do you-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon flicked his finger and one of the Nyxter’s blade came flying down from above and stabbed directly through her foot.

*Stab*

"Hmmm... ?" Enid looked at the blade with a neutral expression and then looked at Leon.

"You think this can hurt me ?" Enid asked as she looked at him.

"I really thought that it will." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I don’t feel any pain, Leon. My body has outgrown the need to be manipulated by pain." Enid replied with a smile.

"Oh really..." Leon spoke as he immediately flicked his finger once again.

*Swish*

Another blade came down with full speed and pinned her other leg to the ground.

*Stab*

"I don’t understand... didn’t I just tell you that I don’t feel any pain ? I can instantly recover from that wound as soon as that blade comes out of my leg.

You might’ve taken away my control on magic but you still can’t kill me. The flower’s effect will wear off slowly, you can try to kill me with anything you want until then but once I get my powers back... I will not be giving you a swift death anymore.

I will make it very very painful." Enid spole with a mocking smile as she folded her hands and looked at Leon.

"Oh I don’t want you to feel pain, darling." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately pulled out a small vile of pink coloured liquid from his inventory.

"What’s that ?" Enid asked with a smile.

"This is the strongest poison that exists out there. As soon as it enters your body, you will die instantly." Leon spoke with a smile as he opened the cork and started walking towards her.

"What ? Seriously ? I am a demon Leon... Human poison is like water to me. Here... drop it into my mouth.

Look I am opening my mouth... Come on drop it." Enid spoke with an arrogant smile as she opened her mouth.

Without wasting another second, Leon emptied the bottle into her mouth.

"Hmmm... Tastes sweet. Is it really that good is a posion ? I don’t feel anything happening to my body.

I think wherever you bought that, it’s a stupid shop." Enid replied with a smirk.

"Oh it wasn’t poison..." Leon replied with a smile.

"What ?" Enid asked as her smile disappeared and a serious expression appeared on her face.

"It was a very very very strong aphrodisiac... In fact, it was the most powerful aphrodisiac in the whole world.

It can make any female go into heat and beg for sex." Leon replied with a smile.

"W-What ?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"What !?" Orion asked with a shocked and confused expression.

"You must be having some feelings in between your thighs by now, right ?" Leon asked with a smile.

Suddenly, Enid’s face turned red as she started to feel the heat rising in between her thighs.

"Looking at your reaction.... I can tell it’s working. What do you think Rees ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I don’t have words for this... Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241: I will break her
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Even though I knew about Enid’s truth... I couldn’t fight her in a fair one versus one, she is too powerful for me and I also knew that she will show her true self soon enough.

But, I still have the upper hand... She is a female, I can control her body. I still had some leftover moonrush aphrodisiac.

Although I had doubts if it will work or not when I noticed that she doesn’t feel any pain, but the results are far better than I had anticipated.’ Leon thought with a smile.

*Thud*

Enid’s body collapsed onto the hard ground, her palms slapping against the dirt as her chest heaved up and down.

Huff—Huff—Huff

Her breaths came in ragged gasps, every exhale hotter than the last. Her face flushed crimson, her lips trembling as beads of sweat rolled down her neck. Heat was rising from her body, spreading lower, pooling between her legs.

"H-How... h-how is this possible?" she asked, her voice shaky but fierce as her glazed eyes locked onto Leon.

Leon’s lips curled into a calm, knowing smile. He stepped closer, towering over her, his shadow falling across her trembling frame. Slowly, deliberately, he lowered his hand and pressed it against the crown of her head, forcing her to feel his touch.

"You see..." he began, his tone smooth and unhurried, "...you must have trained your body to endure pain. I don’t know what kind of hellish training your body went through to not act at all on pain." His fingers stroked her hair casually, like he was petting a disobedient pet.

"But you forgot one very important thing, darling..." His smile widened. "...you didn’t train yourself to endure arousal. Because, I don’t think you would’ve ever predicted this kind of thing happening to you."

Her whole body trembled beneath his hand. Her breath hitched. Her thighs pressed together tighter, clenching, quivering as she tried to fight the rising arousal within her.

"Are you serious right now?" Orion’s arrogant voice cut in, his tone mocking as he crossed his arms.

"What’s your next move after this? What—are you gonna fuck her to death ?" He asked with a smirk.

"Not to death... but I will be fucking her plenty," Leon said calmly, his smile wicked and unshaken.

"W-What!?" Orion’s voice cracked as he stared at Leon in utter disbelief, his smug arrogance shattered immediately.

"I-I am never letting a lesser human like you... touch my body... not against my will." Enid spat through clenched teeth, her voice seething with venom, her glare sharp enough to kill.

Leon chuckled softly, tilting his head as if amused by a child’s tantrum. "Oh my... I’m terrified," he mocked, grinning wider. "Why don’t you tell me that again—after you actually manage to stand up ?" With that, he removed his hand from her head.

"Y-You..." Enid growled, pushing against the ground. She tried to rise, but her body betrayed her—her thighs were squeezed together so tightly it looked like she was strangling her own pussy to death.

Her hips bounced helplessly as she struggled, her short skirt riding higher, revealing the soft white flesh.

Her whole body shook like a leaf.

’W-What is this!? Why is my body reacting like this? M-My stomach feels so warm... my pussy... it’s twitching so much.

I-I want it... I want a huge cock inside me... No! No! No.

I-I have a husband... I can’t betray him, I can’t—father would kill me if I did. Y-Yes... I can’t betray my family... I can’t betray my husband.

A human like him... a filthy human like him can’t break me!’ Even as she told herself that, her body burned hotter, her skin shivered with arousal, her face flushed red with shame.

*Huff-Huff-Huff*

Finally, she managed to stand upright—but the proof of her weakness was impossible to hide. Her boobs, barely contained in the thin black cloth, betrayed her completely. Her nipples were enormous, swollen and stiff, poking sharply through the fabric, hard as rocks from arousal.

Leon’s eyes immediately fell on them, and his grin spread wider. "Oh my... what’s this? Look at that. Is that a mosquito biting your nipples?"

Before Enid could even snap back, Leon raised both his hands swiftly and grabbed her nipples. His fingers locked onto her stiff buds, pinching them between his thumbs and forefingers.

"Wha-!?"

Pinch!

He twisted them mercilessly, pulling and squeezing with brutal force.

*Squeeze*

*Pullll*

"Anhhhhhh~!" Enid’s scream tore through the air—yet it wasn’t a scream of pain, but of ecstasy. Her eyes rolled back, whites flashing, her mouth falling open on instinct as the overwhelming pleasure crashed into her body like lightning.

And then—humiliation dripped down her thighs.

A thick, sticky bead of arousal slipped free from her demonic pussy, sliding down her thigh before dropping to the ground below, soaking the dirt.

Leon’s grin turned feral, his voice dripping with perversion. "Ah... would you look at that. Even the proud little demonic slut turns into a whore the moment a human man pinches her nipples. You came just from that, didn’t you ?

Looks like your husband didn’t give you something good huh ?"

"S-Should I interfere ?" Orion asked as he looked at Enid, but he didn’t get any reply from her.

"Try to interfere and your body will-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Orion interrupted him.

"I-I understand, Sir. I-I won’t interrupt." Orion spoke with a scared expression.

"Oh my... These aren’t mosquitos, they are your nipples, aren’t they ?" Leon asked as he pulled them once again and let them go.

"Anhhhhhh~" Enid moaned loudly once again as her thighs clenched together even harder.

Since she couldn’t use any magic, her body was nothing more than a toy for Leon to play with.

*Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing*

As soon as he let go of her nipples, her boobs bounced put of the thin black cloth and they were really round with huge areolas and pink nipples.

"Oh my... They are so beautiful. I should clap for such beautiful boobs, here." Leon replied with a smile as he started slapping her boobs with his palms from both sides with full force.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Angghhghhhh~ N-Nooooo~ P-Pleasssss~ Anghhhhhh~" Enid shouted loudly as she felt her boobs being slapped mercilessly.

’Anhhhh~ Why am I not feeling pain from this ? Annghhhhh~ He is slapping my boobs... Mnhhhhh~ I-I shouldn’t feel this pain b-but Anhhhhh~ it’s like my body is enjoying it.’ Enid thought as more of her pre-cum started drooling down from her pussy.

Her pussy started to twitch like crazy as it started squirting out more and more love juices.

"Hey... You know what ? I can stop all of this, if you listen to one of my request." Leon spoke with a smile as he continued to play with her nipples.

*Flick-Flick*

He flicked them with his fingers and pinched them in order to get her attention.

"W-W-What do Anhhh~ you Anhhh~ want ?" Enid asked as she barely stood up.

"I want you to free her." Leon spoke with a smile as he pointed towards Medina.

"Heh... I-I can’t Anhh~ free her until I get Anhh~ my powers back and as soon as I get them Anhh~ back.... I-I will kill you." Enid spoke as a smile appeared over her face.

"Hmm... That’s bad. But, you are right... Rees, wait here. I will back with her in one hour. Try to keep her alive until then.

And you... Come with me." Leon spoke as he grabbed both of her nipples and started walking towards the bushes.

"Anhhhh~ Leave my fucking Anhhh~ Nipples. You stupid human... Y-You can’t save her at any cost Hahahahah..." Enid replied with an arrogant smile as she started walking behind Leon like a leased bitch.

After walking behind the bushes, Leon looked around and noticed that no one was observing them.

"This is a good place, although there is no grass here but who cares, you will be the only one on all fours." Leon replied with a smile.

"Raping me won’t free her... You freak." Enid replied with an angry expression.

"Who said I am going to rape you ? I will not be inserting my dick into your filthy demon pussy until you beg me to and kiss my dick with your sweet lips." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately grabbed her skirt and tore it off.

*Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing*

As soon as he tore off the skirt, her ass-cheeks bounced up and down.

"I-I will never beg you... Keep dream-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon grabbed her cheeks with his hand and squeezed her mouth tightly.

"Shut the fuck up... You slut." He spoke crashing his lips against her lips.

*CHUUUUUU*

Leon’s tongue entered inside her mouth without wasting another second and started dominating her mouth-pussy.

His other hand slowly went down to her pussy and felt her thick pussy lips.

"Mnnhhffff~" Enid tried to moan but Leon’s forceful kiss stopped her from even breathing properly.

Leon slowly opened her pussy lips and found her clit.

’I will have to break this bitch at any cost.’ He thought as he grabbed her clit and started rolling his finger over it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242: Broken
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Anhhhh~ Anhhhh~ N-No... don’t touch me!"

Loud, shameless moans spilled from behind the bushes, echoing into the night. Orion clenched his jaw, both hands clamped tightly over his ears as his face twisted in disgust.

"What the hell is wrong with this guy? He should be running away from her, but instead he’s fucking her, what kind of disgusting animals are these humans ?" Orion muttered, eyes narrowing as he turned toward Rees.

"Wait..." Rees’ voice dropped, dark and sharp. "Aren’t you Orion ? I just noticed you. You’re the one who betrayed her, aren’t you? You’re the reason she’s fallen into this state right now?" His grip tightened on his sickle, the air around him chilling with killing intent.

"Ah... so you’re the undead she always talked about," Orion replied, a nervous laugh slipping out. "Look, it wasn’t personal... She just trusted me so much that—"

Before he could finish, the blade of Rees’ sickle was already pressed against his throat. A terrifying aura burst out, choking the air itself.

’I never thought I will have to use this art...’ Rees thought.

"SCYTHE OF JUDGEMENT—FOURTH FORM: SOUL REAPER."

[Name: Soul Reaper]

[Rank: S]

[Description: A very powerful and dangerous forbidden spell. Once actived the user will loose half of their own life force but in return their blade will be enchanted with death’s hand itself.

As soon as the blade tastes the target’s blood, death will claim it’s soul and he will die instantly. But, if the target’s soul isn’t claimed for some reason, skill will fail and user’s life force will be returned. Works only on living beings.]

[Mana: 50,000/ Use]

[Cooldown: 7 Days]

The weapon hummed with murderous energy, but before the edge could bite into Orion’s flesh, a sudden shimmer of light erupted—his body shielded by a glowing barrier.

"W-What!?" Rees snapped, his red eye balls widening as he turned sharply. His gaze fell on Medina, weak and trembling, blood dripping from her lips as she forced her spell to hold.

"N-No, Rees... if you killed him now, there’d be no difference between you and him," Medina rasped, coughing violently as blood stained her chin. "He will be punished—but by the rules of the fairies. Cough—Cough..."

"Medina! Don’t use magic—it’ll only eat away at your body faster." Rees’ anger melted into fear as he rushed toward her, kneeling beside her fragile frame.

Her hands shook as she reached for him. "Promise me... if I die... you will perform the ceremony for Kiren," she whispered, her eyes slowly turning dark.

"You won’t die. I believe in Mr. Leon..." Rees’ voice cracked. "He saved me from a massive slave trader, and he—he even used a forbidden spell. He has infinite ma—"

Rees suddenly cut himself off, his sharp gaze darting to Orion. The fairy’s ears twitched, straining to catch every word with greedy intent.

"You want to die right here ?" Rees growled, tilting his scythe threateningly.

"I-I’ll just... stand over there," Orion stammered, immediately stepping aside, his face pale.

Rees’ attention snapped back to Medina, his tone softening. "Look... Medina... Mr. Leon will get that demon girl to listen to him. Don’t worry. Just hold on."

A weak smile spread across her lips as her eyes drifted shut. "I... believe in you. But, you have to promise me."

"I-I promise, if something happens to you, I will perform the ceremony for Kiren." Rees replied as he grabbed her hand.

---

On the other side of the bushes...

"Anhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhh~ N-No... don’t put your fingers in thereee~!" Enid’s cries spilled from her mouth, shaky and drenched in pleasure.

Leon stood pressed up against her from behind, his chest brushing her back as his hand worked mercilessly between her legs. His middle and index fingers slid deep into her pussy, pumping in and out with slick, wet sounds while his thumb teased her clit in lazy circles.

At the same time, his other hand pinched, pulled, and twisted her nipple with perfect precision, stretching the swollen bud until her tits bounced with every motion.

"Anhhhh~ Mnghhhhh~ Anghhhhh~"

Her whole body writhed against him, trembling, squirming, and arching with every ruthless touch. Her mind was drowning, foggy, unable to think of anything except being fucked over and over again in every position imaginable.

Her eyelids fluttered, her vision blurring as waves of heat rolled over her.

Her thighs shook uncontrollably, losing their strength, her knees nearly buckling beneath her. Between her legs, her pussy twitched violently, gushing juices like a faucet that couldn’t be shut off.

Behind her, Leon’s cock pressed firmly against her ass-cheeks through his pants, the thick outline grinding against her soft flesh with every thrust of his fingers.

"Do you like this ?" Leon whispered darkly into her ear, his voice taunting as his fingers flicked against her clit and his other hand gave her nipple a sharp tug.

*Pull*

"N-Noo—Anhhhhh~ d-don’t pull my... n-nipple... p-please... I-I beg you!" Enid cried out, her voice breaking as her body betrayed her. She grabbed at his hand desperately, trying to pry it off her tit—but her arms were weak, trembling. She couldn’t muster the strength to stop him.

’N-No... I-I have to do something... I-I have to get fucked.... Annnh~ N-No... What am I even thinking?

I-I should be getting help and... and yet... I should get down on all fours and let him shove that thick cock inside me... Nooooo~ Why is my mind doing this to me??

I-I don’t even want to think about this... I-I should think about getting.... fucked by himm mercilessly~ Nooooooo~’ Enid thought, her face twisting with confusion and shame, her thighs trembling as her pussy pulsed uncontrollably.

"Hey... You know, I’ve got a big surprise for you. You’re going to love it." Leon whispered with a wicked grin, pulling his slick fingers out of her soaked pussy. The emptiness made her whimper instantly as he unbuckled his pants.

The moment his pants hit the ground, his cock sprang up violently, thick, hard, and dripping precum, smacking against her swollen pussy lips.

*Slap*

"Anhhhhh~!" Enid cried out, her body jolting as if struck by lightning, immediately rising on her toes from the overwhelming sensation.

"Wow... you really felt that, didn’t you?" Leon teased, his grin widening as he dug his fingers into her ass cheeks, spreading them apart before yanking her trembling body back into him.

*Slap*

"Anhhhh~ N-Not my ass... not thereeeee~" Enid moaned desperately, her voice breaking as her body started to collapse from the overwhelming pleasure. But Leon didn’t let her fall — his strong hand gripped her slender waist tight and hauled her back up like a toy.

"I don’t get the problem here... weren’t you the one who wanted to sleep with me ? You were the slut who wanted to see what I did to Lea... Although I never got to fuck her and believe me, you will feel hundred times more pleasure when my thick cock will slam on your womb’s entrance.

You will try to stop it from entering because you have a husband and he is the only one who can get in there... But, your womb will kiss my dick and welcome me inside." Leon chuckled darkly as he bent her over, forcing her spine into a perfect arch before grinding his thick cock up and down her inner thighs, dragging his length against her slick entrance.

Every grind, every deliberate push against her clit made her body spasm — her face twisting into an obscene ahegao expression, tongue slipping out, drool running down her chin as she felt jolts of electricity travelling throughout her body.

At this point, her mind forgot everything and only one instinct remained and it was ’Mating’.

"Anhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhh~! N-No... Please... I-I’m begging youuuuu~! Just fuckkkk meeee alreadyyyyy~!" Enid screamed out, her pussy flooding with so much arousal it coated Leon’s cock, drenching it in her pre-cum until his cock glistened from tip to base, every inch slick and shiny.

’Iron is hot enough... Time to strike.’ Leon thought as he squeezed both of her boobs and pulled her face up.

"I will fuck you like a little bitch you are, if you release medina from your parasite." Leon demanded as he squeezed her boobs hard.

*SQUEEZE-SQUEEZE*

"Anhhhhhhh~ N-Noooo~ I-I can’t do that~ Anhhhh~" Enid replied as she moaned loudly and her pussy pressed even harder against Leon’s dick.

"Why not, you fucking cum-bucket ?" Leon asked as he tightened her thighs using his legs and started grinding his dick against her pussy.

"Nooooo~ Anhhhhghhhhh~ M-My father will Anhhhhh~ K-Kill meeee~ Annnnnhhhhg~" Enid spoke in a confused frenzy.

"You bitch..." Leon spoke with an angry expression as he immediately grabbed her throat and squeezed it tightly.

"You are my slut now... You belong to me. Do you understand ?" Leon asked as he pressed his other hand against her womb.

*Press*

"Anhhhhh~ Y-Y-Yess~ I-I am.... Y-Your... B-Bitch." Enid replied in a choking tone.

"Good... Now you will follow my orders and you will release medina. After that, you will get my dick as your reward, do you understand ?" Leon asked as he bite her slowly on her ear.

*Bite*

"YESSSSSSS~ I-I will release herrrr ANNHHHHHHH~" Enid moaned loudly as she squirted all over Leon’s dick like some broken slut.

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTT*

"Good bitch."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243: Kiren
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Okay... I have her, completely ready to obey my commands." Leon said with a sly smile as he emerged from the bushes, dragging Enid along. Her naked body trembled, her eyes unfocused and hazy, lips parted as though she had forgotten how to breathe properly. Her thighs glistened with overflowing arousal, her pussy leaking in a constant stream that dripped shamelessly down her legs.

"Mr. Leon..." Rees whispered, his voice full of awe as his eyes widened at the sight.

"Oh my god... I can’t watch this. This is just too pathetic and she was just giving me disgusting looks because I got defeated by a human." Orion muttered sharply, immediately turning away in disgust.

"C-Cock... I-I want cock..." Enid moaned, her voice dripping with desperation as her trembling hands reached down to claw at Leon’s pants.

"No, no," Leon caught her wrist firmly, his expression calm and unshaken. "First you release Medina from that parasite... and then you’ll get my cock."

"Y-Yes..." Enid panted, her glazed eyes slowly opening as her gaze fixed on the parasite-bound figure. She shakily raised her hand, her body twitching with need.

"Avans Redemo," she murmured, her voice sultry even as she cast the spell.

Crack—Crack—Crack—Crack

The black vines began to writhe violently, loosening their grip around Medina’s body. One by one they slithered back into the tree until finally, her limp body slipped free and fell from the trunk.

"Yes!" Rees exclaimed, rushing forward with joy. He caught Medina in his bony arms and quickly carried her away from the tree.

’I can’t believe this... A demon general’s daughter, defeated by a human? And he didn’t even cast a single spell. Just some aphrodisiac, and whatever he did to her behind those bushes... This is outrageous. I must report this to Lord Raka immediately.

If Medina restored her powers, I will be finished.’ Orion thought grimly, his jaw tight as he stared at Medina’s unconscious form.

"C-Cock... Noww~ Pleaseeee~" Enid whimpered, her voice breaking into a desperate cry. She spun back toward Leon, fumbling with his locks, her fingers shaking as they tried to tug open his pants.

"Yes, yes... You will—" Leon stopped mid-sentence, his eyes narrowing. His skill activated immediately.

Crack—Crack—Crack—Crack

<Sixth Sense>

"Shit..." Leon cursed under his breath, instantly yanking Enid aside with him.

BOOOM!

The ground split open, and from the crack, a monstrous black tree surged upward, formed entirely of writhing vines. Its trunk twisted unnaturally, branches stretching high into the sky.

It was just as big as the tree of life.

"What the fuck !?" Leon and Orion exclaimed simultaneously, both staring wide-eyed.

Crack—Crack—Crack—Crack

BOOOM!

Another massive dark tree erupted from the earth, rising and growing with unnatural speed. Its skeletal branches filled with jet-black leaves, until in a matter of moments, it resembled a real forest tree.

"W-What is happening?" Orion demanded, his voice sharp, though his eyes darted uncertainly toward Leon.

"Mnhhhhnnn~ Please... fuck my pusssy~" Enid moaned, lost in her frenzy as she ground her body against Leon’s, rubbing the bulge in his pants with feverish hunger.

Leon’s hand shot up and clamped tightly around her throat. His voice was a growl, sharp and commanding. "I will fuck your pussy like a beast, darling... after you tell me why the hell these black trees are growing out of the ground."

"Aahhnn~! It’s... It’s because... I removed the leash from the parasite," Enid confessed, her expression twisted into a delirious, perverse smile as she stroked his cock through his clothes with both hands. "It... it has its own free will now~"

Her mind was gone, consumed entirely by lust, her body offering up answers as long as she stayed close to Leon’s cock.

Leon glanced toward Rees. "What’s the purpose of a demonic parasite if it gained a free will, Rees ?"

Rees thought hard, his arms tightening around Medina’s unconscious form. "If I’m correct, Mr. Leon... the parasite is trying to mimic its environment. In this case... it’s trying to create a forest. And anything standing in its way—"

CRACK—CRACK—CRACK—CRACK!

A deafening sound erupted from behind them. All eyes snapped to the source, just in time to see a massive tree ripped from the ground by writhing black vines. The parasite crushed it mercilessly, tearing bark and roots apart until nothing remained.

Then, in its place, a perfect black copy of the tree rose, alive and complete.

"Holy fucking hell... It’s destroying the forest and rebuilding it at the same time with its own body," Leon muttered, his face hardening.

"T-The village... It can’t go there," Orion whispered, his eyes wide as he glanced at Leon.

Leon’s expression shifted immediately. He scooped Enid into his arms without hesitation.

"DUSK! COME HERE, BOY!" Leon roared.

SWISH

In the blink of an eye, Dusk appeared, his skill bringing him forward, his fur glowing with a bright blue radiance.

"Master..." Dusk’s voice carried both relief and resolve as he lowered himself, allowing Leon to mount him more comfortably.

"Rees... Come," Leon called, his tone firm.

"Y-Yes..." Rees hurried forward, clutching Medina as he climbed onto Dusk’s back behind Leon.

"Sorry, Dusk... but you’ll have to carry all of us," Leon said.

"It’s nothing, Master. Just hold tight to my fur," Dusk replied before igniting his power, readying himself for the sprint toward the village.

"You can’t leave me here! M-My wings are broken—I can’t fly back!" Orion shouted, clutching Leon’s leg in desperation.

"Do you really think I give a single fuck about that ?" Leon’s reply was cold, his expression unchanging.

"B-But... i-it’s my village! Without me there will be no protection—"

"I’m pretty sure I have someone who can transfer the rune link now." Leon spoke as he pointed towards Rees.

"N-No... y-you can’t do this! I-I can’t die like this... Please take me! I’ll do anything you want—I’ll even become your slave, I-I beg you!" Orion stammered, tears streaming as he clung to Leon with both hands.

"Leave my leg you fucking-"

Crack—Crack—Crack—

A sharp cracking echoed across the clearing. Leon turned his head sharply and saw seven fairies emerging from the shadows, each carrying a dead monster in their hands. They marched toward the parasite.

"The fairies..." Leon muttered under his breath with a serious expression.

’If I didn’t save them... Medina’s deal won’t be completed.’ Leon thought.

He carefully set Enid down onto Dusk’s back, then leapt to the ground.

"Mr. Leon! Where are you going? We need to get out of here!" Rees shouted.

"Dusk, to the village, go go." Leon ordered grimly.

"Yes, Master." With a flash of blue, Dusk vanished into the distance.

"W-What!? ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?! You could’ve taken both of us out, but instead you let that skeleton escape with my stupid sister and that demon slut! YOU ARE—"

SLAP

Leon’s hand cracked across Orion’s face, silencing him mid-scream.

"Shut the fuck up for a second and let me think... She said I have to squeeze the fruit over the soul stone and then... what else? What was it? I can’t remember." Leon clenched his teeth, struggling to recall Medina’s instructions.

"You... you have to place the stone in their mouth," Orion muttered, clutching his reddened cheek.

"Yes... very good. You’re not completely useless," Leon said as he pulled out the bowl of soul stones from his inventory.

He then retrieved the fruit from his pocket and squeezed it with all his strength.

Squeeze

A single drop of crimson liquid dripped into the bowl.

Swish

Immediately, the white soul stones glowed into many different colours—blue, orange, green, and yellow.

"The red one... it belongs to Kiren. She’s the most intelligent of them all..." Orion said, pointing shakily towards Kiren.

"Why are you helping me ?" Leon’s gaze sharpened, suspicion flickering in his eyes.

"S-So you’ll take me with you, I-I don’t want to die here." Orion admitted, his voice trembling.

"How do I get this inside her mouth?" Leon asked flatly.

"The stone doesn’t need to enter her body... if you just keep it pressed to her for five seconds, she’ll wake up and gain back her consciousness.

B-But it’s impossible... The moment she notices the stone getting closer, she’ll try to kill you." Orion swallowed hard.

"Will she feel it the instant it touches her? Or will she only react if she sees it?" Leon asked in a hurried voice as a plan formed in his mind.

"The parasite senses it... If it notices Kiren’s link weakening, it’ll react instantly," Orion explained.

"Are you sure about this ?" Leon’s voice dropped, heavy with warning.

"I-I’m sure..." Orion nodded frantically.

<Mimic>

Without any delay he activated his skill on Orion.

[Copying the strongest (non-combat) skill]

[Skill {Illusion} has been copied.]

"Good," Leon said curtly, invoking the ability.

<Illusion>

A pale white mist enveloped him. When it cleared, Leon’s form had shifted into the likeness of one of the cursed fairies, the one walking furthest left of Kiren.

’This is one of the stupidest ideas to get closer to her but this is the only one I can think about right now.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Hope I don’t get killed in this," he muttered as he looked at Orion and started walking towards Kiren.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244: Mana Bridge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After taking the form of a cursed fairy, Leon silently closed the distance between himself and Kiren. Step by step, he fell into rhythm with her.

Kiren’s eyes flicked toward him for the briefest second, cold and unreadable, before she turned her attention back to the parasite tree ahead. She didn’t say a word and continued to walk.

Leon released a long breath, as if the simple act of walking beside her without being torn apart was already a miracle.

’I thought she recognised me.’ He thought with a serious expression.

"Threads..." he whispered, his voice barely audible.

Thin strands of mana spun out from his head, invisible to the naked eye, weaving their way into the red glowing soul stone resting in his pocket. With a subtle tug, the stone began to rise. Slowly, it floated upward, hovering just above Kiren’s head. Its faint light brushed past her hair like a fleeting spark.

’One... two... three—’ Leon started counting seconds but,

Thud!

Kiren suddenly dropped the carcass of the monster she had been dragging. Without hesitation, she crouched low, her reflexes sharper than any beast’s.

The next second, she straightened up, her dark gaze locking on the soul stone now floating in midair.

Leon’s expression hardened. His lips curled into a grim line. "Fuck..." he muttered.

Her eyes darted toward him, sharp as blades—and in that instant, his illusion shattered and his real form was revealed.

"...Oops," he said, forcing out a nervous smile as he instinctively stepped back.

*Swish*

Kiren vanished. In the blink of an eye, she reappeared behind him.

"Shi-!?"

Crack!

Her hand clamped around his neck and twisted it with full force.

Thud!

Leon’s body collapsed lifelessly on the ground.

For a moment, Kiren stood still, staring at the corpse. Then her pupils dilated. Her eyes flared into a bright, unnatural red.

"W-What...?" she whispered.

The black vines coiling around her limbs crumbled into nothing, withering away like dry leaves.

Swish!

Leon’s dead body vanished.

He reappeared right behind her, panting, his face pale from exhaustion and he was holding the soul stone right next to her shoulder.

"Kiren... take this." He thrust the glowing soul stone toward her.

Her hands trembled as she accepted it.

"H-He created an illusion inside another illusion..." Orion’s voice cracked with disbelief as he stared at Leon from afar. "Even I can’t do that! Do you know how much mana it takes? Time flows slower inside the second layer... It’s a nightmare to sustain it! How much mana does this guy even have? Is he... a Maze Master? Just what is he and how powerful is he ?"

"Who are you?" she demanded as she clutched the stone against her chest. As soon as the stone touched her chest, it went inside her body and her glowing wings popped out from her back.

"I am someone who knows your mother... Medina. She sent me—"

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

The sound of countless heavy crashes cut him off.

All around them, the other cursed fairies dropped their offerings in unison. Their dark eyes turned toward Leon and Kiren, faces twisted with fury.

Kiren staggered back, her wings trembling. Light flared across her body, and her wings started flapping at an incredible speed, glowing with a radiant sheen.

"Oh my god..." she whispered, her voice shaking. "We are heavily out-numbered, we have to get out of here immediately." She spoke as she immediately started flying.

"The Village... Your mother is there." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"T-Take me with you." Orion spoke with a scared expression as he immediately walked upto them.

"I don’t understand anything... But let’s go to the village." Kiren spoke.

*Grab*

Grabbing Leon’s and Orion’s hand she picked both of them up and started flying towards the village with full speed.

’She is strong... Picking us up like toys, that’s really something.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at Kiren.

"What happened ? I don’t remember anything... Uncle Orion." Kiren asked with a serious expression as she looked at Orion.

"Tell her... Uncle Orion." Leon spoke with a mocking smile as he looked at him.

"I-It was nothing just a little misunderstanding... W-We can discuss about it after reaching the village." Orion replied with a fake smile.

"He betrayed your mother and stole all of your soul stones. Then he let a demonic parasite take over your brains and it sucked out your and your mother’s life force for the past five years." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"WHAT !?" Kiren asked in a shocked and surprised expression.

"Uncle Orion... Is that true ?" Kiren asked with a serious expression.

"Hahaha... W-What can I say ? I-I might’ve been-"

"That’s it." Before Orion could’ve completed his sentence, Kiren let go of him.

"AHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhh...." Orion shouted loudly as he fell back inside the forest.

"I knew he was never going to become a normal fairy. I warned mother about him but she didn’t listen to me... Human, is she alive ?" Kiren asked as she looked at Leon.

"Yes... I saved her. So don’t throw me down." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"I would thank you... But, I don’t really know what your true intentions are for doing this. A lesser human like you won’t help us without any reward promises." Kiren spoke as she immediately started going down towards the village.

"Wow... You really are the smartest fairy." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

*Thud-Thud*

Both of them landed inside the village and noticed that everyone was hiding inside their houses.

"Master..." Dusk immediately bowed down to Leon and looked at Kiren with a confused expression.

"Where is mother ?" Kiren asked as she looked at Leon.

Leon turned to look at Dusk.

"She is inside Orion’s house, Master." Dusk replied immediately.

"Come." Leon spoke as he started walking towards Orion’s house.

...

Inside Orion’s house,

Medina is lying on the bed and Rees is using some kind of healing spell on her.

"Don’t worry, My love. I won’t let anything happen to you." Rees spoke as he touched her cheek.

*Click*

"There she is..." Leon spoke as he pointed towards Medina.

"Mother... Mother... Are you alright ?" Kiren asked with a worried expression as she immediately walked upto her and placed her hand over Medina’s head.

"Almpus Olmups..." She used some kind of spell on her and a grim expression appeared over her face as soon as the spell ended.

"She has lost too much life force and mana... We have to do something right now or she won’t live.

As long as we stay here... She won’t regenerate any mana and I don’t have any mana as well. We have to take her out of the runes." Kiren spoke as she turned to look at Leon.

"I don’t think that’s possible... your sisters will immediately kill us if we stepped out of the village boundaries.

See... They are standing right there." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the window.

Kiren looked out and noticed that her sisters were standing right outside the village looking at her with furious expressions.

"We can take her out tomorrow morning, when your sisters go back into their deep sleep." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"B-But... We have to do something. She won’t survive until the morning. She won’t even survive for the next two hours in this condition.

We need to let her body regenerate mana or-"

"Mr. Leon..." Rees spoke as he stood up and walked upto Leon.

"... Please." He joined both of his hands in front of Leon and fell down on his knees.

*Thud*

"I will make myself the bait and you will take her out of the forest with the help of that shadow Velmora." Kiren spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

Leon looked at her then glanced at Rees who was lying down on the floor.

"Dusk... Can you transfer the mana to her body ?" Leon asked as he looked at him.

"Without any problems master." Dusk replied with a smile.

"Rees... You will bait the fairies and I will refill her mana." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Yes, Sir." Rees spoke as he immediately stood up and grabbed his scythe.

"I-I don’t understand... How are you going to refill my mana ? I am a fairy, my mana holding capacity is far more larger than a human.

I regenerate more mana than you are ho-"

"Listen to what Mr. Leon says if you want to save your mother." Rees spoke as he turned to look at Kiren.

Kiren looked at Rees with a serious expression then looked at Leon and Dusk.

"Fine... But, if anything happens to her. I will... Chase you to the other side of the world." Kiren spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

"Come." Leon spoke as he took Kiren and dusk to the other side of the village, meanwhile Rees walked upto the cursed fairies.

"Come and catch me..." Rees spoke as he stepped out of the village.

...

"Dusk... I will give you the pure mana and you will transfer that to Kiren. I will only step out of the village for a single second." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245: Break your soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Look... I don’t understand, What you are trying to do but why are you using this shadow Velmora in the middle ?

Can’t you just transfer the mana directly to me ?" Kiren asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Can you take on a ray of pure mana into your mouth and convert it into normal mana ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"N-No." Kiren replied with a confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"He can... Now, stand behind him and place your hand over his back." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"O-Okay." Kiren replied as she immediately stood behind dusk and placed her hands over his back.

"Dusk... Get ready." Leon spoke as he walked upto the rune and raised his finger towards him.

"I am always ready master." Dusk replied with a smile as he got ready.

"Phew..." Leon slowly closed his eyes and focused his mana on his finger.

’What is this human trying to do ? I can’t understand... Pure mana into normal mana ? How much pure mana can he even produce to-’ Before Kiren could’ve completed her sentence, she noticed a single droplet of pure mana forming over Leon’s index finger.

As soon as she saw this, an angry expression appeared over her face.

"What kind of joke is-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon placed his left leg out of the village’s boundary.

[-12000 MP]

[+786,757 MP]

*ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ*

Suddenly a very bright blue coloured ray of pure mana burst out of his finger and went directly inside Dusk’s mouth.

[-12000 MP]

[+786,757 MP]

[-12000 MP]

[+786,757 MP]

[-12000 MP]

[+786,757 MP]

[-12000 MP]

[+786,757 MP]

[-12000 MP]

[+786,757 MP]

....

In just a few seconds he lost over 200000 Mana and recovered it as well.

Dusk took in all the pure mana and transferred it to Kiren.

"S-Such a huge amount of mana exiting from a human’s body... How is he doing that ?" Kiren asked in a loud voice as she continued to absorb the mana.

’M-My eyes are blurring... I-I have to stop.’ Leon thought as he barely kept his body standing.

"That’s enough... That’s enough..." Kiren shouted loudly.

Leon immediately stopped but due to the mana overflow... His body started to wobble.

"Fu... cking..." Leon spoke in a broken voice as he immediately fell out of the village.

*Thud*

<Adaptive Body>

[Mana flow has overpowered the body capacity.]

[Adjusting body to suitable working conditions.]

[Converting body fat into energy. Increasing adrenaline rush.]

[Warning: Host will not be able use any skills for the next one minute. All the passive and active skills are being turned off.]

[Mana Return has been turned off.]

[Sixth Sense has been turned off.]

....

Leon came back to his senses and slowly stood up from the ground as all of his passive skills went on cooldown.

’Fuck... All the passive skills are being shut down-’

"Master !!! BEHIND YOU." Dusk shouted as he started running towards Leon with full speed.

"What ?" Leon immediately turned around and noticed two cursed fairies standing behind him.

"...Hell." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he immediately tried to run back inside the village but before he could’ve done it... The fairies grabbed his head and legs.

"LEAVE MY MASTER." Dusk shouted as he jumped out of the boundary and tried to bit one of the fairy but before his fangs could’ve reached her hand, both of them disappeared with Leon.

*Swish*

*Thud*

Dusk crashed against the ground and immediately stood up in order to search for Leon.

"N-No... Master." Dusk spoke with a worried and shocked expression as he immediately tried to sniff his smell but there were no signs of his presence after the point where the fairies disappeared with him.

Dusk immediately turned around and noticed that Kiren is running back to Orion’s house.

He immediately ran behind her with full speed and blocked her way.

"Wait... You have to help me find my master." Dusk spoke with a serious expression.

"I can’t... I have to heal mother first. She is my priority right now. I will save the human after this." Kiren replied as she walked past Dusk and entered inside the house.

"He helped you heal your mother and you are not even going to help ?" Dusk asked with an angry expression.

"I am still healing my mother and his sacrifice will go to waste... If I waste this precious time in finding him instead of healing the one that he sacrificed his life for." Kiren replied with a neutral expression as she started transferring mana into Medina’s body using some kind of ancient complex healing spell.

"Okay... They didn’t even follow me. But I managed to-" Rees started speaking as he entered inside the house but he stopped as soon as he noticed the angry expression over Dusk’s face.

"What happened, Dusk ? Where is Mr. Leon ? Did you guys succeed in getting the mana ?" Rees asked.

"Two cursed fairies have captured master and she is not even helping me in finding him. Says that her first priority is to heal her mother and that master has sacrificed his life for her." Dusk explained as he scratched the floor with his big claws.

"Don’t try to attack me... I will end your existence in a single second. If I don’t save her... The tree of life will die, so will this forest and probably the world after that." Kiren spoke with a serious expression.

"O-Okay... did you see the Fairies kill Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked as he looked at Dusk.

"No... They took master and disappeared while he was trying to help this stupid fairy." Dusk replied.

"Oh no, no, no,no... What have you done, Kiren ? How can you let Mr. Leon be taken like that ?" Rees asked in a worried tone as he walked upto Kiren.

"Look... I can understand your loyalty to that human but you also know how important my mother is to this forest and to-"

"No, No, No... You don’t understand. Mr. Leon is stronger than all seven of you combined... His powers and knowledge is far superior than I have seen in any human until now.

He found Medina faster than me and helped her in getting out of that parasites’ grasp. If the parasite got inside his mind and unlocked the knowledge that Mr. Leon holds... I-I can’t even imagine what will happen.

For crying out loud... That man holds infinite fucking mana." Rees shouted as he looked at her.

"W-What !?" Kiren asked with wide eyes as she immediately stood up and looked at Rees.

"Did you just say... He holds... I-Infinite mana ?" Kiren asked with a regret filled expression.

"Yes... Yes. If the parasite knew how to use it..."

"...it will become unkillable." Kiren completed his sentence.

"We have to save Mr. Leon at any cost..." Rees spoke with a serious expression.

"Mother... I am sorry, but I have to save him. Let’s go." Kiren spoke as she immediately walked out of the house with Rees and Dusk.

...

*Blink-Blink*

Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed that he was standing in a dark place and the ground was completely covered in water.

"I have seen this place before... In my dream." Leon spoke in a low voice as he turned around and noticed nothing but utter darkness.

He then looked around and noticed that darkness was everywhere except where he was standing.

"Wait... I was taken by those fairies. What happened after that ?" Leon asked as he started walking forward but as soon as he took a step forward, black vines popped out of the ground and wrapped around his legs tightly.

*Grab*

"What the-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, more vines started wrapping around his body.

In just a second, the black vines covered him whole and restrained every part of his body from moving.

"You have caused me a heavy loss..." A sound came from far away but it was very clear.

"Loss ? Wait... Are you that demonic parasite ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"I am and you have taken one of my slave away from me. Now, I will use you as my slave in her place."

"Use me ? You were a fucking pet thirty minutes ago. I freed you from that Demon Girl. You should be thanking me." Leon replied with a smile as he tried to get out of the vines.

’I have to get out of these vines and wake the fuck up...’ Leon thought.

"Don’t try to buy time or get out of those vines, this is your soul realm and I have captured your own soul inside it. Now, I will use your body to serve me as my slave." The parasite replied.

"Then what are you still doing here talking to me ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I have to break your soul first in order to use your body and since time moves really slow in here. I have thousands of years to break you and take over your body." The parasite replied.

’Fucking Hell...’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246: Formless Aura Sword
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon’s soul is now trapped with in the soul realm and the black vines are restraining it very tightly.

His soul looks very weak, skin is very pale and his eyes are barely opening and huge dark circles can be easily seen under them.

"It’s been over an year inside your soul realm but out there only a few seconds have passed. I have to say, for a human you have such a high patience.

Even the fairies gave up after seven months sitting in this darkness but you are still holding on, What are you holding for Human ?

No one is coming to save you... Open up your mind and just let me inside so that I can use your body and I promise that your soul will live in peace." Parasite’s voice rang from the darkness.

"F-F..."

"Hmm...? Do you mean ’Fine’ ?" The Parasite asked.

"F-Fuck... You." Leon replied in a weak tone.

"Your ego is too big... But it will break, don’t worry. I will see you a few seconds later." The parasite replied as he stopped talking.

’It’s been 398 days... I have done every possible attempt to get out of this place. Nothing worked.

Everyday, I count to 86400 while staring at this utter darkness. My soul is too weak to escape these vines. I think I will go crazy one day and forget everything but then his voice comes and makes me remember that only a few seconds have passed outside.

I have felt anger, depression, anxiety and every single single emotion in the last year. The system doesn’t work here and I have realised how pathetic and weak i am.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he stared at the water on the ground.

"Took you long enough to realize that." Suddenly, a sound came from the side but Leon couldn’t even turn his neck around to look at the source of the sound.

"I can’t see you..." Leon replied in a low voice.

"How about now ?" A figure covered in a white robe stepped in front of him.

*Blink-Blink*

Leon blinked his eyes multiple times to see the figure clearly... His eyes couldn’t stay open properly after looking at such bright white robe.

As his vision cleared up, Leon noticed that it was an old man with two swords strapped to his waist.

"You have stared into the darkness for too long... Leon Luster. But you didn’t allow the darkness to stare into you.

You hold a really strong will inside that weak soul of yours." The old man spoke with a smile as he looked at him.

"Y-You... Aren’t you that old man ? What was the name of that skill...?" Leon spoke in a low voice as he tried to remember something.

"Last Rise." The old man replied with a smile.

"Yeah that one... I got it from that guy inside that Dungeon." Leon replied with a faint smile.

"Yet, you never practiced it. I have been with you since that very day when you used the skill on that Goblin monster.

I was watching every part of your life, your physical relationships with every women and your battles too.

And... I have to say, you are pathetic and weak just like you said a few seconds ago." The old man replied with an arrogant smile.

"Tell me about it." Leon replied with a faint smile.

"When you got captured by this weak Parasite... I thought that was it for you but I have to say this as well that your Ego is too big to go down even in front of death.

Your Ego is so big that you have molded it into your will and that’s what attracted me here." The old man spoke.

"I would rather die then to give up my body to a fucking parasite that was pet to a demonic slut that I broke in just a few minutes." Leon replied as his smile grew wider.

"See that kind of thinking... I have seen thousands and thousands of warriors in my life... But, I haven’t seen anyone like you.

When I saw you the first time... I knew something was different about you, I thought you will practice the technique and master the first form just like the predecessors... But, you used it once and didn’t even have it another look.

You always use that black sword in fight but never fought using a sword style. Always using it’s blades to intimidate your opponents.

I don’t even know how you survived for this long using that." The old man spoke with a neutral expression.

"Old man... Can you save me ?" Leon asked in a low voice as he looked at him.

"I can save you before you blink your eyes but what’s in it for me ?" The old man asked with a smile.

"What do you want ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Get over your pathetic condition.... No predecessors of ’Last Rise’ technique was able to master it beyond it’s first form except me.

I want you to do it... I want you to master this sword technique to it’s final form and don’t pass it on. Only when you master it’s final form, shall I be able to transcend from this realm.

I have made this deal with every single predecessor who learned this technique... But not even a single one of them was able to go beyond the first form... All of them were pathetic but you... I know you can do it. Your ego will make you do it.

Now... Will you do it, Leon Luster ?" The old man asked as he came closer to Leon and looked at him with a smile.

"I will do it... Now save me." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Hohoho... Do you think it’s that easy ? You will just say it and I will believe you ?" The old man replied with a smile.

"What do you want then ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"To stand by the word of sword... Shall you know the worth of sword. What is your worth Mr. Leon ?

Shall I ask for your body in return if you failed to accomplish the given quest ?" The old man asked with a smile.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"If you failed to master ’Last Rise’ technique in the next five years... You will give up your body to me. Do you accept these terms ?" The old man asked with a smile as he pulled his sword out of the sheath and placed it near Leon’s finger.

"You said that it takes people their whole lifes to master the technique. How am I going to learn it in the next five years ?" Leon replied with a serious expression.

"I know... But, if I don’t give you a time limit, how are you going to feel motivated to stay on course ?

And after all... That’s how long it took me to master the technique." The old man replied with a smile.

Suddenly, a smile appeared over Leon’s face.

"Fine... If that’s what it takes for me to get out of here." Leon replied as he placed his thumb against the blade and the old man immediately moved the sword away with a swift motion.

Leon’s soul got cut and a small drop of white liquid followed out of his thumb.

"Very good." The old man replied as he immediately grabbed the white drop with his hand and felt a strange energy running throughout his body.

"What now ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Now... I will taking over your body for a bit." The old man replied with a smile as he disappeared.

....

In the real world...

Leon’s body is attached to the tree of life and the dark vines have covered him whole, tightly holding him in one place.

*Sssssssssshhhh*

Suddenly, he took in a large gulp of air into his lungs and opened his eyes. They shined brightly blue and a wide smile appeared over his face.

"Feels so good to return back to the materialistic world." The old man who had taken over Leon’s body spoke, as he placed his hands against the tree and used a skill.

<Sunder Blast>

As soon as he used the skill, a powerful force of air was generated in between his hands and the tree.

*Booom*

Leon’s body immediately flew out of the dark vines and landed on the ground.

"Ah... So, this pathetic thing has grown too strong, huh ? Yet, it still looks really weak." Leon spoke with a smile as he raised his hands over his shoulder as if grabbing an invisible sword.

*Swish-Swish-Swish*

Suddenly, the black vines came flying towards him attempting to capture him.

"LAST RISE-FINAL FORM : FORMLESS AURA SWORD." Leon spoke with a wide smile as he tightened his grip around nothing.

"Witness my power.... You pathetic thing." He spoke as he disappeared from his position and re-appeared on the other side of the tree.

*Swish*

With one swift blow, the tree of life was chopped into two along with the Parasite.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247: Blood ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I will search for him from above... You two search on the ground and try not to get killed.

I don’t want to see anymore deaths tonight." Kiren spoke with a neutral expression as she looked at Rees and Dusk.

*Swish*

She then immediately took off and started flying towards the tree of life.

’How can a human like him infinite mana and such high amount of knowledge ?’ Kiren thought with a confused expression as she continued to fly forward.

...

"Rees... Get over me and grab my fur tightly. I will be moving really fast." Dusk spoke with a serious expression.

"O-Okay..." Rees replied as he immediately climbed over Dusk’s back.

"Thunder Steps..." Dusk spoke as he immediately turned into a blue streak of light and ran straight into the forest.

....

Village’s southern boundary,

*Huff-Huff*

A silent huffing sound came from behind the bushes as a blood covered leg stepped out.

Slowly his full body came into view and this guy was none other than Orion himself.

He was completely covered in blood from head to toes and there is a very angry expression on his face.

"This is my village and I am the only one who will rule it." Orion spoke as he immediately stepped inside the village and started walking towards his house.

As he walked towards his house, all the villagers stared at him through their windows in fear and no one dared to step out.

Suddenly, Orion noticed a woman peeking at him through her window with a scared expression on her face.

"I AM YOUR FUCKING GOD... I AM THE REASON YOU ALL ARE LIVING YOU FUCKING DOGS. YOU SHOULD FEAR ME JUST LIKE THAT." Orion shouted with an angry expression as he looked at her.

The woman immediately closed the curtains and hided under her bed in fear.

"I am the god... I am the one who rules these humans and I shall not-" Orion stepped into his house and immediately stopped speaking as his eyes landed on the woman lying on his bed.

"Oh my..." Orion spoke with a smile as he immediately walked upto Medina and his smile grew even wider.

"Hahahaha... Looks like gods are on my side tonight. They also want me to win. I will take good care of you, Sister." He spoke as he slowly placed his hand around Medina’s neck.

...

Kiren is flying above the forest and she is trying to find Leon but more than half of the forest is now covered in black vines... And she can’t see anything properly.

"This parasite is spreading really fast.... I have to find that human or it will become even stronger." Kiren spoke with a serious expression as she finally reached near the tree of life.

*Booom*

Suddenly, a loud explosion happened near the tree.

"What the- !?" Kiren spoke with a confused expression as she immediately increased her speed and arrived near the tree of life.

*Swish*

As she looked down, she noticed that Dusk and Rees are also standing on the side and Leon was standing in front of the tree.

"What is he doing ? Why is he raising his hands like that ?" Kiren asked with a confused expression as she continued to observe.

*Swish*

Suddenly, two black vines started flying towards Leon.

"Oh no..." Kiren spoke with a serious expression as she immediately started diving down towards him with full speed.

...

"I have to save Mr. Leon... I will-" Rees started speaking but Dusk interrupted him immediately.

"Don’t do anything... Rees. Master... Is different." Dusk spoke with a serious expression as his fur started to get up and his expressions turned serious.

"What do you me-" Rees observed carefully and noticed that Leon was smiling and his eyes are shining brightly blue.

"LAST RISE-FINAL FORM : FORMLESS AURA SWORD." Leon spoke with a smile as he disappeared from his position.

"What the- !?" Dusk, Rees and Kiren spoke at the same time as they saw his form disappearing.

*SWISH*

In just a second, Leon appeared on the other side of the tree.

*Crack*

"Oh my god." Rees spoke in a serious tone as he noticed the cut on the middle of the trunk.

*Crack-Crack-Crack-Crack*

Loud cracking sounds started coming from the tree’s truck as it started sliding away from it’s lower part.

"No... Way." Kiren spoke with a shocked and surprised expression as she witnessed the tree of life falling down.

*THUD*

With a loud thudding sound, the tree of life crashed against the ground and the demonic parasite got completed annihilated with it.

...

"Everything has a weak point... The parasite was using the tree as it’s main life force sucking source.

So, I just removed it’s source. My work here is done, kid. You can take over your body but don’t forget our deal." The old man spoke as he immediately returned the control back to Leon.

His blue shining eyes returned back to crimson red and Leon gained back the control of his body.

"What the fuck-!?" Leon spoke as he immediately rubbed his eyes and noticed that he was out of the soul realm.

"Master..." Dusk’s voice came from the left side as he and Rees immediately ran upto him.

"Dusk... Rees." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at them.

"Master... That was amazing." Dusk spoke with an impressed expression.

"Yes, Mr. Leon... When did you grow so strong ?" Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he couldn’t understand what Rees was talking about.

"No, No, No... This is not possible." Suddenly, Kiren’s voice came from behind.

"Hmm...?" Leon immediately turned around and noticed that the tree of life is lying down on the ground.

"Holy fucking... Shit. Who did that ?" Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"Umm.... You did, Mr. Leon." Rees replied in a neutral tone.

"WHAT !?" Leon asked in a loud voice as he looked at Rees.

"Yes Master... You were standing there just a second ago without any weapons and then you were standing here, you chopped that tree down bare handedly, Master." Dusk replied with a smile.

"He is right, Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

’What the fuck have you done, Old man ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at the tree.

"Who the hell are you ? Are you even a Human ?" Kiren asked with an angry expression as she immediately stood up and walked upto him.

"H-Hey... Calm down. That parasite died with it, right ? That’s good."Leon replied as he tried to maintain a neutral expression.

"I don’t think you have any idea... That tree was important to us fairies. It gave us powers to protect this forest and collected life force for us to live.

It gave life to this whole forest and all the monsters living inside it." Kiren spoke with an angry expression as she looked at Leon.

"Umm... I don’t want to talk in this topic, but Mr. Leon destroyed a demonic parasite that had you all prisoners.

Your mother was planning to make you the next fairy mother and self-destruct the tree with her, to get rid of that parasite.

So, I think you should be thankful to Mr. Leon." Rees replied in a neutral tone.

"He is right..." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Oh my god... Mother, we have to get back to mother immediately. The tree is destroyed... This is not good for her." Kiren spoke with a serious expression as the realisation hit her.

*Swish*

She immediately spreaded her wings and flew towards the village with full speed.

"Master... I am sorry, I was unable to save you from those fairies." Dusk spoke as he immediately bowed down to Leon and apologized.

"Don’t worry about it Dusk. I am too weak and I neet to get strong... Really strong. For now... Take us back to the village." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he jumped over Dusk’s back.

Rees also sat behind him and Dusk started moving towards the village immediately.

...

In just a few minutes, all three of them reached the village.

Dusk walked upto Orion’s house and noticed that the main door was closed.

"Why is the door closed ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he jumped from from his back.

"I don’t know master... I don’t remember anyone closed the door when we left." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

Leon immediately walked upto the door and tried to open it.

*Click*

... But it was locked.

"It’s locked... Kiren, are you inside ?" Leon asked as he knocked on the door.

*Knock-Knock*

"Kir-" Before he could’ve knocked again, he noticed blood coming out from under the door.

"Okay..." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he immediately looked at Rees and pointed towards the blood.

"Please step aside... Mr. Leon." Rees spoke and without wasting another second, he raised his hand used a spell.

<Unlock>

*Click*

The gate opened up immediately and Leon entered inside the house.

But as soon as he entered inside, he saw something that shocked him to the core.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248: I have to reward him
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

30 minutes ago...

*swish*

Kiren landed inside the village and started walking towards Orion’s house immediately.

"Mother..." She spoke in a low and worried tone as she immediately walked inside the house and noticed Orion sitting near her.

"Y-You... How did you-!?"

"Shhhhhhhh... You don’t want to wake up your mother, do you now ?" Orion asked with a smile as he looked at her.

"G-Get away from her... I am not scared to use magic on you, Uncle. I will really kill you and don’t assume that I don’t have any mana on me." Kiren spoke as she immediately raised her hand towards Orion.

"Kill me. Please kill me... To tell you honestly, I am already dead. So, why don’t you just go ahead kill me for real ?

But, do you know what happens to a fairy when she takes a life ?" Orion asked with a smile as he looked at her.

"The fairy becomes a mungel." Kiren replied with a serious expression.

"Now... You have two options, either you kill me or give me your life and if you don’t take either one of the option... I will kill my dear sister." Orion spoke as he placed his hand around Medina’s neck.

"W-What the hell are you saying ? Have you lost your mind ? Why do you want me to become a mungel like you ?" Kiren asked with a confused expression.

"She is going to choose you as the next fairy mother and I want to see if she will still do it... If you you became a mungel, hehehe." Orion spoke as he started laughing creepily.

"Y-You are sick." Kiren spoke with a hesitated expression as she looked at Orion.

"I am... Now, What will you do ? I just want want to see the smartest fairy of them all make a decision." Orion asked with a smile as he tightened his grip around Medina’s neck.

"I-I will-"

Back to Present...

*Click*

Leon opened the door and entered inside while holding Nyxter in his right hand.

But as soon as he saw the scene in front of his eyes, he was left shocked.

Medina was sitting on the bed with a sad expression on her face and she was completely covered in blood.

Kiren was sitting in one corner of the room with a scared expression on her face and Orion’s dead body was lying on the ground.

His head was lying near his body but it wasn’t cutted down, instead it looked as if his neck was grabbed so tightly that his head popped out from the force of the grip.

"Umm... Medina, are you alright ? W-What happened here ?" Rees asked as he walked upto her and took a seat right next to her.

Medina didn’t reply to his question as she continued to stare at Orion’s dead body.

Leon slowly walked upto Kiren and asked in a low voice, "What happened here ?"

Kiren slowly looked at him, fear still visible in her eyes...

16 minutes ago,

"Do something fast or I am going to kill her, Kiren and beware... If you tried to use some kind of restraining spell, it will not end in a good way.

Because I have casted a spell on my dear sister that will kill her as soon as my hand is from her neck.

So, the only way to stop me is to kill me. Hehehehe..." Orion replied as he started laughing like a maniac.

"Then... Die." Medina spoke as she opened her eyes and grabbed Orion’s neck with an angry expression on her face.

"You have made my life a living hell... You betrayed my trust again and again but not this time." Medina spoke with an angry expression as she increased her grip’s strength.

"N-No... Mother, please stop... You can’t kill him." Kiren spoke as she immediately walked upto Medina and grabbed her hand but her grip was too powerful.

"Mother... Please I beg-" Before Kiren could’ve completed her sentence, Orion interrupted with a low voice.

"I-I... a-am ... S-Sorr-" But before he could’ve completed his sentence, his neck got crushed from the insane force and he died on the spot.

*Crack*

*Thud-Thud*

His body and neck immediately fell down on the floor and blood started spilling out.

"N-No..." Kiren spoke with a scared and shocked expression as she immediately walked back into the west corner of the house and sat down silently.

Medina on the other hand continued to look at the spilling blood of her brother.

....

Back to present,

"I-I killed him... I-I killed my own brother, Rees." Medina spoke as she looked pointed at Orion’s body and tears started coming out of her eyes but her expressions remained neutral.

"I don’t think you have done anything wrong if you ask me. He was trying to kill you, so whatever you did was just self-defense and it’s not wrong to protect yourself." Leon spoke as he looked at Medina.

"I am sorry, Mr. Leon... But, I can’t justify killing someone with that human reasoning." Medina replied as she looked at Leon.

"How did you even gained consciousness ? Kiren said that you won’t live for more than one hour ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Kiren transferred some of her mana into my body that must’ve awakened the hidden mana that I stored in my heart some time ago.

When I opened my eyes, I saw him holding my neck and I couldn’t control my powers and my rage.

I gave in to my instincts... I can’t be trusted as the fairy mother anymore. We have to conduct the ceremony right now... Kiren you will become the next fairy mother, come with me." Medina spoke as she immediately tried to stand up from the bed but her head spinned immediately and she fell back down.

*Thud*

"I-I don’t feel too good... W-What is-"

"The human... He chopped off the tree of life." Kiren spoke as she immediately pointed towards Leon.

"W-What ?" Medina asked with a shocked and confused expression as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah it’s a good story... you see what happened was-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he was interrupted by Medina.

"Oh my god... You are reason I killed my brother." She spoke while pointing at him.

"Umm... What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The tree of life guides us and keeps our emotions in control... When you chopped it off, all my emotions got very imbalanced.

Now, I understand... Why I got so angry all of a sudden." Medina spoke as she looked at Leon.

"I saved you from the grip of death and destroyed that parasite. You haven’t thanked me once, you know that ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Hah... Nothing can be done about it now. We just have to restart everything from the start... Please tell me you still have the fruit that you plucked out from the tree ?" Medina spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah... I have it but it’s squished." Leon replied as he pulled it out of his inventory and showed it to Medina.

"I just need it’s seed... Once I bind her soul stone to the seed. We will be able to grow another tree of life." Medina spoke with a neutral expression as she took the fruit from Leon.

"Just like that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"What do you mean ?" Medina asked.

"I mean... You can just grow a new tree of life from it’s fruits ?" Leon asked.

"Ah... Let me make this more clear to you. The fruit on the tree of life are very sacred and they only grow in a limited quantity... I think about six to seven every hundred years.

So... It’s not a very common thing, Mr. Leon." Medina replied as she looked at him.

"What about him ? Aren’t you going to punish this human for chopping off the tree, mother ?" Kiren asked with a neutral expression.

"To tell you honestly... I was thinking of destroying the tree myself. But, Mr. Leon saved me and destroyed that parasite... I have to consider it as a big favour, Kiren.

And you have to control your emotions for now. Don’t let anger or jealousy take over your mind." Medina replied with a neutral expression.

"You are the one who killed uncle and you are telling me to control my emotions ?" Kiren spoke with a serious expression.

"And... I will pay for my sins. I will be leaving this forest with Mr. Rees and Mr. Leon.

I shall give up all my fairy powers and live my life as a mortal." Medina replied with a neutral expression.

"What ?" Leon and Rees spoke at the same time with a confused expression.

Kiren’s eyes widened as soon as she heard this.

"M-Mother... I-I didn’t meant to hurt you. I-I am sorry, if I have said something that I shouldn’t have... But, you can’t do that to me and the others." Kiren spoke as she immediately walked upto Medina and grabbed her hand.

"I have to leave, Kiren. I have to pay for what I have done, but before I do that... I should reward Mr. Leon for saving us all." Medina spoke with a smile as she started walking towards Leon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249: Soul Realm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mr. Leon... you have helped us in such dire conditions. Please, accept this as your reward."

Medina’s voice carried a solemn weight as she lifted both hands into the air. Between her palms, a brilliant golden glow bloomed, expanding like a miniature sun, radiating waves of divine warmth.

Leon squinted at the light, his brows furrowing. "What... is that?" His voice was edged with confusion, his instincts already screaming that this was no ordinary magic.

"Mother... you can’t be serious." Kiren’s tone was grave as she stepped forward, her wings trembling slightly.

"I already promised it to him, Kiren. I cannot go back on my word." Medina’s gaze remained steady, her expression unreadable, yet resolute.

Kiren’s lips pressed into a thin line. "But mother... this isn’t something a mortal like him can handle."

Leon looked at it with a confused expression but then he immediately used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Error: Skill can’t be used on the Object]

Leon’s eyes widened in shock as soon as he readed the notification.

"What the hell is this thing ?" Leon asked in a low voice as he looked at Medina.

Medina looked at him for a moment, but before she could speak, Rees stepped forward, his red eyes gleaming faintly beneath his skull.

"Mr. Leon... it’s called a Nexus Star. It holds immense power—power that only descends into this world once every thousand years." His voice was calm, but there was reverence in his tone as he stared at the golden glow. "When the Nexus Star passes through the sky, fragments of its essence scatter. But to capture one, you must stand on the Lake of Matilda, at the edge of the world, and grasp its reflection from the water’s surface. That fragment then crystallizes... into this.

These fragments are so rare that I have only seen two of them in my whole life including this one."

"Wow, you really know so much, Mr. Rees." Medina said warmly, smiling at Rees.

Rees shifted, rubbing his skeletal head shyly. "Well... you told me about it once. I just remembered."

"Please accept it, Mr. Leon," Medina urged, her gaze locking onto his.

Leon raised a hand uncertainly. "So... do I take it from your hands, or—?"

"Oh, no, no." Medina shook her head gently. "It must be transferred directly... to your soul."

Before Leon could react, she pressed the glowing fragment against his chest.

The moment it touched him—

Boom.

A rush of searing heat exploded in his body, flooding through his veins like liquid fire. His breath hitched, his knees buckling as sweat drenched his brow.

"W-What... what is happening to my body?! I-I don’t... feel good—!" His voice cracked as he collapsed, slamming onto his knees.

Thud.

"See... I told you. He won’t be able to take the power of a nexus star... No matter how powerful and smart he is.

We have to help him in this." Kiren spoke as she pointed towards Leon.

"If we helped him... He won’t be able to achieve the full potential of the Nexus star’s power. Do you want that Mr. Leon ?" Medina asked with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon

"N-No..." Leon replied as his handclawed at his chest, the warmth escalating into unbearable agony, as though his very essence was being rewritten.

"Huff... huff... Adaptive Body!" Leon gasped desperately, activating his skill.

But then—

[System is being updated... Skills will be disabled temporarily.]

As soon as he readed the message his eyes widened in shock once again.

"What in the fucking—" Leon’s words broke as his consciousness slipped away, darkness consuming him. His body went limp.

Before he could hit the ground, Dusk silently moved beneath him, allowing Leon’s weight to rest against his large frame.

"Master will need rest after this," Dusk murmured, his deep voice calm, almost protective, as he settled down with Leon cradled like a fallen warrior.

Medina’s eyes softened. She turned to Kiren. "Come. Let’s go find your sisters. We must prepare for your ceremony."

Kiren hesitated, her gaze lingering on Leon’s unconscious form. At last, she nodded. "Yes." She followed her mother, her steps heavy but determined as she continued to stare at Leon.

"Mr. Rees? Aren’t you coming with us?" Medina asked, pausing at the doorway.

Rees shook his head firmly, his skeletal hand clenched at his side. "I can’t. This man has done too much for me. I won’t abandon him in such a vulnerable state. Forgive me."

Medina’s expression softened further, a rare smile crossing her lips. "I understand. You are a very good friend, Mr. Rees. I admire that greatly."

With those words, Medina and Kiren left, their figures fading into the distance, while Rees sat down on the bed.

"She... smiled at me, didn’t she? When she left... right, Dusk?" Rees whispered, his hollow voice soft, almost uncertain.

"Hm...? What ?," Dusk rumbled, his eyes fixed on Leon’s unmoving body. "I was too focused on Master. I am also very tried from using my skills back to back tonight... I will just take a nap as well."

Dusk lowered his massive head onto the ground. A faint smile lingered on his face before he drifted into sleep.

"I-I see..." Rees murmured, his skeletal fingers curling slightly. His gaze returned to Leon. The man’s skin flickered with faint golden light, pulsing like a heartbeat. Every so often his body convulsed, muscles twitching violently, as though something far greater than flesh was rewriting him from the inside.

---

Leon opened his eyes.

Darkness. Endless, suffocating darkness.

His lips curled in irritation. "I fucking hate this place," he muttered, his voice echoing unnaturally in the void. He was back in his soul realm again—the abyss of his own existence, where nothing but silence and darkness reigned.

*Swish*

A faint spark appeared in the distance, flickering like a candle flame struggling to survive in the void.

Leon froze. His eyes narrowed. "...What?"

The spark pulsed once, and then—

"Hello, Leon."

The voice was neither loud nor quiet. It simply was, carrying across the darkness like a whisper in his very bones.

Leon’s shoulders stiffened. "...Who the fuck are you ?"

The spark shimmered, its glow shifting like rippling water. "Who I am... would take far too long to explain. But for now, you may call me... Nexus."

Leon’s eyes widened slightly. "...Nexus. You’re that star, aren’t you?"

A gentle hum reverberated through the void. "Indeed. And now that I am here, I see something troubling." The spark seemed to peer into him, its presence weighing heavily on the air. "Your soul realm... is weak, fragile, and vulnerable. If left unchecked, it will collapse. You must strengthen it."

Leon frowned. "And how exactly am I supposed to do that?"

"I will help you," Nexus said calmly. "But first, we must drive away this darkness that clings to you. I will just add a little light to it."

Before Leon could respond, a sudden glow burst above his head. One by one, white specks appeared in the black sky—tiny lights, faint at first, then growing brighter, scattering across the void like stars awakening from a long slumber.

Leon tilted his head back, his lips parting. "What in the... fucking hell...?"

The darkness began to thin, and then—

Fwoom.

From the left, an overwhelming radiance flared. Leon flinched, raising his hand to shield his eyes. The light was blinding, pure and untamed, forcing his vision shut.

When he cautiously lowered his arm and opened his eyes again, his breath caught.

In the distance, hanging in the void like a divine sentinel, was a colossal silver moon. Its glow poured across the soul realm in rivers of serene light, drowning the shadows in its brilliance.

"Beautiful..." Leon spoke with a shocked expression as he continued to stare at the moon.

It was as if he was standing in a lake that was directly in front of the mood. The view was too mesmerizing.

"It’s one of the best soul domain.... Full Moon’s glaire. Although it’s not the best at stopping your enemies from entering your soul realm forcefully but once they get inside... They will regret it very much.

Because they can come inside without your permission but can’t leave unless you allow it.

You can strengthen this domain by collecting soul fragments from monsters that you kill." Nexus spoke.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... Whenever you kill a monster their soul essence tries to leave their body, if you capture that and send it here, I can make that very monster in here and it will guard your soul realm from outsiders.

Or, you can even fight them to strengthen your own soul." Nexus explained.

"You can really do that ?" Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"I can but remember... Soul essence only stays on a monster for a few seconds after it’s death. If you didn’t catch it on time... It will escape." Nexus explained.

"I see..." Leon replied as he disappeared immediately.

...

*Blink-Blink*

Leon returned back to his body and as soon as he opened his eyes, he saw a notification hovering in front of his face.

[CONGRATULATIONS !! ALL YOUR SKILLS HAVE BEEN UPGRADE BY +2 RANKS.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250: The ceremony
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What the hell !?" Leon spoke with a confused expression as he looked at the notification.

Without wasting another second, he opened the status...

’Status...’

______________________________

[Name: Leon Luster]

[Class: Alchemist]

[Race: Human]

[Level: 28]

[Mana: 5000/5000]

[HP: 2500/2500]

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (D)], [Inspect (A)], [Adaptive Body (SSS)], [Minor Healing (D3)], [Trap (D)], [Inventory (D6)], [Blind Spot (D)],

[Touch of Lust (D4)], [Loose Grip (D)], [Adrenaline Rush (D)], [Lustful Thoughts (D)], [Potion Crafter (D {S-Cap})], [Alchemy (D)]

[Glitch Point (D)], [Instant Craft (D1)], [Reverberate (D1)], [Mana Thread (D)], [Life Steal (D)], [Leeching Aura (D)], [Mana Return (D)]

[Efficient Breathing (D)], [Core Bonding (D)], [Dungeon Master (D)], [Silent Steps (D)], [Blast Seal (D)], [Focused Reading (D)], [Data Manager (D)], [Mimic (D)], [Bluff (D)], [Lust Bite (D)], [Pain’s Recovery (D)] [Compass of Heart (D)] [Multi-Cast(D)] [Instant Kill(D)] [Feather Weight (D)] +5 skills.

Titles:

{Dungeon Master}

{Goblin Slayer}

{Favour Of Fairies}

_________________________________

"HOLY SHIT." Leon shouted in a loud voice.

"WHAT- WHO IS HERE !?" Dusk shouted as he also woke up from his sleep and his claws jumped out of his fur, scratching the wooden floor.

"Master...? What happened ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

*Thud*

*Click*

"What happened, Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked as he immediately came from the other room.

"I... Just feel very refreshed." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he immediately controlled his emotions.

"I-I see... Phew." Rees replied as he placed his scythe against the wall once again.

"Master... Your face...." Dusk spoke as he looked at Leon’s face.

"What about my face ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he raised his hand to touch his face but stopped immediately.

"What the hell ?" Leon asked as he looked at his hand and noticed that there was a black sticky goo all over it.

"Ah... The Nexus star must’ve cleansed your body, Mr. Leon." Rees replied as he walked upto him.

"What do you mean by cleansed ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It removed all the impurities from your body Mr. Leon... The Nexus star broke your body from within completely and rebuilt it once again." Rees replied as he looked at the black goo.

’Hmm... I think I saw something like this in the cultivation comics I used to read back on earth.’ Leon thought as he looked at the black goo.

"Well... I should take a bath." Leon replied as he immediately started walking towards the bathroom.

*Grab*

*Thud*

"What happened ?" Dusk and Rees asked with a confused expression as they looked at Leon.

Leon slowly turned around and he was holding the door’s handle in his hand.

"I think... My body strength got increased too." He spoke with a smile as he applied pressure on the iron handle and it started to bend.

’This is amazing... I can feel the power in my hand and-’ Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he noticed that his stomach feels different.

Without wasting another second, he opened his coat and took off his shirt.

"Woah..." Leon spoke with a shocked expression as he noticed that instead of a normal stomach... He had six-pack abs now.

"Hmm... That’s odd. The Nexus star had a really strong effect on your physical form too, Mr. Leon.

All I know is that it helps in strengthening one’s soul and magical powers, but there hasn’t been any known human in history who successfully consumed a nexus star without dying or turning mad." Rees explained as he looked at Leon.

"Guess... I am really lucky." Leon replied with a smile.

’No, your mental strength is very very strong.’ Suddenly a voice rang inside his head.

"What ?" Leon asked as he looked at Rees.

"I didn’t say anything, Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

"Did you say that ?" He asked while looking at Dusk.

"No master... I didn’t speak a single word." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"Then what was that ?" Leon asked himself in a low voice.

’It was me nexus and don’t talk back to me, you will look like a mad man in front of your servants. You are the only one who can hear me, Leon.’ Nexus spoke.

’Can you hear me ?’ Leon thought in his mind.

’One more thing, don’t try to talk to me in your mind either. I can’t hear that.’ Nexus spoke.

Leon immediately rolled his eyes and entered inside the bathroom.

"Can you hear me now ?" Leon asked in a low voice.

’Yes.’ Nexus replied.

"How the fuck are you even talking to me ?" Leon asked in a low voice.

’From your soul realm, Leon. I am now a part of your soul.’ Nexus replied.

"I see... Wait, that monster thing. You said that every monster i kill-"

’Yes, It was all real. I can re-create a mirror image of that very same monster in your soul realm if you can provide me with it’s soul fragments.’ Nexus explained.

"I wanted to ask, how to collect their soul fragments." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

’Oh... I have given you a special skill to do that.’ Nexus replied and immediately a screen popped up in front of Leon.

[Name: Soul Collector]

[Rank: C]

[Description: A special skill that can be used to collect soul fragment of anything you kill.]

[Mana: none]

[Cooldown: none]

"I see." Leon replied as he readed the skill with a neutral expression.

’Use it as much as you want. Although, try not to get yourself killed while trying to kill strong monsters.’ Nexus replied.

"Thanks for advice... How would I ever survive without that adivce ?" Leon asked with a smile.

’Don’t mock me... I have given you another skill. Check it out.’ Nexus replied as another screen popped up in front of Leon.

[Name: Soul Prison]

[Rank: B]

[Description: An ancient technique that can be used to pull your opponent’s soul into your soul realm for a very short time.]

[Mana: 500]

[Cooldown: 1 Hour]

"Why would I pull my opponent’s soul into my own soul realm ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

’You don’t have to use it now. But, once you strengthen your soul realm... You can easily use it as a battleground in an unfair battle.’ Nexus explained.

"I see." Leon replied in a low voice as he nodded his head slowly.

’I won’t disturb you now until you need me again.’ Nexus replied as he went completely silent after that.

"Nexus ?" Leon asked in a low voice.

’Yes ?’ Nexus replied immediately.

"Nothing just checking." Leon spoke with a smile as he grabbed a wooden bucket filled with water from the corner of the bathroom and turned it upside down over his head.

*Splash*

As the chilled water fell over his body, all the black goo washed away immediately.

"Haa... Feels good." Leon spoke with a smile as he took another bucket and did the same.

*Splash*

...

After taking a bath he walked out of the bathroom wearing Orion’s clothes.

Rees and Dusk looked at Leon with confused expressions.

"What ? My clothes are completely covered in that black goo... I can’t wear them." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Master... Your aura feels different. It feels really strong." Dusk replied with a smile.

"It does ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"AL-JOIK IOPLO TYOUNG, IOPLOI ITYUOR."

"AL-JOIK IOPLO TYOUNG, IOPLOI ITYUOR."

"AL-JOIK IOPLO TYOUNG, IOPLOI ITYUOR."

...

Suddenly, loud chanting sounds started coming from outside.

"What’s happening out there ?" Leon asked as he immediately started walking towards the door.

"Ah... I think they started the ceremony." Rees replied as he immediately opened the door for Leon.

Both of them immediately stepped out of the house and noticed that Medina and all of her seven daughters are standing In middle of the village.

Medina was holding a small plant in her hands and Kiren was also holding it with her.

All six of her daughters were standing around them with their eyes closed and their mouths chanting the same line again and again.

"Wow... They look really beautiful without those black vines huh ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Rees.

"I only like their Mother... Mr. Leon." Rees replied as he rubbed his skull with his hand.

"I also like mothers..." Leon replied with a smile.

"WHAT !?" Rees asked in loud tone as he looked at Leon.

"Calm down... I don’t want her since you like her so much." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"T-Thank you, Mr. Leon. I-I got worried there for a second." Rees replied as he let out a sigh of relief.

"How many hours was I out for ?" Leon asked as he looked at Rees.

"I would say about three hours, Mr. Leon." Rees replied.

"Hah... I have wasted too much time in this village but that nexus star made all of this worth it. Now I want some sex- wait !

Hey, what happened to Enid ? I remember leaving her with you last time." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Umm... Dusk told me to place her inside that house." Rees spoke as he pointed towards the house that was allotted to Leon on the first night when he jumped inside the village.

"Well... I will just go and have some fun now. Then we will start heading back to the dungeon." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"What about the adventure of the necroheart Mr. Leon ?" Rees asked.

"I mean all these women need some place to live in the and I can’t leave them here like this in such a dangerous forest." Leon replied with a perverted smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251: Who do you serve ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon strode straight to the house and pushed the door open without hesitation.

The moment he stepped inside, his eyes locked onto the sight before him.

Enid lay sprawled on the bed, her naked body glistening with sweat. Her legs were spread wide, her fingers plunging into her soaked pussy again and again with desperate, sloppy thrusts.

"Oh my... hello, darling." Leon’s lips curved into a wicked smile as he closed the door behind him, the click of the latch sounding final. He began walking toward the bed, his eyes never leaving her trembling body.

"Dick... dick... dick..." Enid moaned hoarsely, her voice broken, eyes half-lidded as if she were lost in a haze. Her fingers worked her hole relentlessly, juices spilling down her thighs, but no matter how hard she pushed, no orgasam came. Her body was screaming for something she couldn’t give herself no matter how hard she tried.

Her pussy glistened, drooling thick streams of slick nectar, yet her face was twisted in frustration. She couldn’t cum—no matter how frantically she fingered herself.

Leon’s gaze sharpened. He muttered to himself, his tone low, analytical. "Hmm... she’s not thinking straight. If she keeps finger-fucking herself like that, she might tear her sweet pussy apart."

’If I fucked her right now... she’d snap back to her senses by tomorrow.’ His thoughts were dark and deliberate.

’And then what? She won’t fall for the same trick again. I can’t keep feeding her Moonrush aphrodisiac either... too long on it and she’ll lose her mind completely, turn into nothing but a sex-crazed demonic animal.’

Leon’s eyes glimmered, a vile smirk stretching across his lips. ’No... if she’s going to become a sex-crazed bitch, then I would rather make her my very own sex crazed bitch. I’ll fuck her so hard she’ll never stop craving my cock again.’

With that thought, he leaned over her writhing body. His hand slid down, shamelessly groping her jiggling boob. His fingers dug into her soft flesh with a firm squeeze.

Squeeze.

The effect was instant and violent.

Enid’s back arched off the bed so hard it looked painful, her eyes rolling back as her pussy erupted.

SQUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRTTTTTTT!!!

A thick jet of cum sprayed from between her legs, splattering across the sheets and shooting so far it painted the wall on the other side of the room.

"ANGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~ YESSsssssssSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS~!!"

Her scream was shrill, delirious, echoing so loud it drowned out even the distant chanting of the fairies outside.

Leon stood over her, watching in twisted delight as her body convulsed through the orgasm, her juices still gushing.

"Holy shit..." he chuckled, eyes glinting with amusement. "You came that hard... Just from a squeeze ?."

He tilted his head and noticed that even after cumming so hard, Enid didn’t loose her consciousness.

"My, My... looks like I have got the perfect toy to play with and it doesn’t even break that fast." Leon spoke with a twisted smile as he immediately took off his clothes and laid over Enid’s body.

Leon buried his face between Enid’s tits, his cheeks squashed against her soft flesh as he squeezed them together, hard, until her breasts engulfed his head. His tongue flicked across her erect nipples while his hands kneaded them roughly.

Below, his cock pressed against her soaked slit, teasing her entrance with slow, deliberate rubs. Each grind smeared her juices across his shaft, making her twitch and moan with need.

"Anhhhhnnn~ Y-you’re back... mnhhhhmmm~" Enid gasped, her hands flying up to clutch Leon’s head. She dragged him closer, smashing her lips against his with desperate hunger.

Chuuuuu!

"Mnnnhhhmmm~"

Their tongues clashed immediately, wet and messy, saliva spilling down their chins as Leon forced his way deeper into her mouth. He claimed her mouth completely, twisting and curling his tongue around hers, dominating every corner.

The kiss stretched on and on, three long minutes of raw, filthy tongue-fucking, until both of them were gasping for air.

When they finally broke apart, a thick string of spit still connected their mouths.

"Haaa... fuck, that was something," Leon smirked, his lips wet, his eyes glinting with lust.

Enid’s eyes burned with pure desperation, her voice hoarse and begging. "Leon... I-I beg you... please fuck me! I want your cock inside me! My pussy can’t live without it anymore... please..." She clawed at his back, grinding herself against his shaft, trying to force his dick inside her soaked pussy.

"Don’t try to tell force me into that stupid pussy of your bitch..." Leon spoke with a smile as he grabbed both of her tits in his hands and twisted them viciously.

Twisttttt!

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~ YEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS~!!" Enid screamed, her pussy convulsing violently as another hot gush of cum sprayed from her slit, soaking Leon’s cock and the sheets beneath completely.

"You fucking slut..." Leon sneered, his fingers mercilessly squeezing and rolling her nipples. "You cum every single time I touch these useless tits of yours. What—your husband never played with them?"

"N-No!" Enid cried, her face twisted in both lust and shame. "H-He didn’t even look at me after having his stupid son... he never came back, he never touched me again!" Her voice broke, desperate, trembling.

"You pathetic bitch," Leon spoke with a smile. He crushed her lips with his lips once more, biting and sucking with brutal hunger—

—and at the same time, he rammed his cock into her dripping pussy without any warnings.

SLAP!

The sound echoed through the room as his shaft tore into her tight, demonic cunt, spreading her walls wide.

’Holy shit...’ Leon’s mind reeled as his cock was squeezed from all sides, her cunt strangling him like a living vice. ’It’s like my fucking soul is being sucked out of my dick. How the fuck can her pussy be this tight? If all demon bitches are like this... I’ll have to visit the damn Demon Kingdom soon.’

He shut his eyes, savoring the way Enid’s walls clamped and twisted around him, her body milking his cock with every savage thrust.

"MMNNHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFGHHHHHHH~!!" Enid’s scream tore out of her, muffled only because Leon’s mouth was devouring hers. His tongue curled and forced its way down her throat, tangling with hers, stealing every moan, every breath. He wouldn’t let her escape.

Her eyes rolled back, pupils trembling, as her claws raked down his back again and again, carving bloody trails into his skin. Each thrust sent shockwaves through her body, ripples going through her thick ass cheeks, her legs trembling, her voice breaking into frantic muffled cries as Leon dominated her mouth and pussy at the same time.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

The obscene sound of skin slamming against skin echoed through the village. Even the fairies in the middle of their ceremony froze, their bodies shivering faintly as something primal stirred inside them.

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~ YEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS~ FUCK MY PUSSSSSYYYYYYYYYYY~!!" Enid screamed, her voice cutting through the night like a desperate hymn.

---

Far away, the ceremony faltered.

"That’s it... I can’t take this anymore!" Kiren hissed, glaring at Medina, her body trembling with rage. "I’m becoming the Fairy Mother, and yet a human who saved us is fucking a demon who imprisoned us! Are we just going to ignore this!?"

"You must focus, Kiren. Dawn is coming." Another fairy’s voice was stern. "If you fail to complete the ceremony now, you’ll be forced to wait another seventy-two hours."

"I understand that, but what about—"

"I can understand your anger," Medina interrupted coldly. "But if you let emotion control you now, I will have to reconsider your position as Fairy Mother. If your focus is so weak that you are shaken by a few screams, perhaps you do not deserve to—"

"I-I’m sorry," Kiren cut her off quickly, lowering her head. "I won’t say another word." She closed her eyes, swallowing her fury, and forced herself back into the chants.

Her lips moved, voice trembling as she recited the sacred words—

Only to be drowned out again by another shrill cry.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSS~ FUCK MEEEEEEEEE MOREEEEEEEEEE~!!"

Kiren’s hands clenched into fists but she was forced to control her emotions.

---

Inside the house.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

Leon drove into Enid from behind, pounding her soaked pussy in a merciless doggy-style thrusting rhythm. His hips crashed against her ass, and his hand came down hard on her plump cheeks again and again.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

The sound of his palm meeting her ass echoed in perfect time with the brutal rhythm of his cock plowing her hole.

"You stupid bitch..." Leon growled, his voice dripping with dominance. His hand smacked her ass-cheeks again, watching her flesh ripple. "Who the fuck do you serve?"

"M-My fathe-"

Before she could’ve completed her sentence, he slammed harder, his cock spearing her insides with punishing thrusts, each word accompanied by another brutal slap against her ass.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"ANHHH~ ANHHH~ ANHHHH~"

"Say the correct answer or you won’t get to cum... You stupid demon Cum-Dump." Leon spoke as he increased his thrusting speed for a second then returned back to slow thrusts.

"I-I will say... I-I serve you... I-I serve as your Cum-Dump. I-I am Master Leon’s Demon Cum-Dump." Enid spoke as she hided her face inside the pillow but raised her ass even more high up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252: Outside World ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three hours later...

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

"Anhhhhh~! Anhhhhh~! Ahhhhnnnn~ Yesss... yesssssss~!"

Enid’s legs were flung high into the air, trembling helplessly as Leon’s body crashed down into hers over and over. His cock slammed mercilessly into her drenched pussy, every thrust driven by the full weight of his body. His hips ground forward with brutal precision, dragging his thick shaft across every inch of her stretched walls.

Enid clutched the bedsheets with both hands, her knuckles white, her body quivering uncontrollably. She moaned like a bitch in heat, her mind blank, her sanity long gone. Nothing remained but raw, desperate pleasure in her empty head.

Leon’s expression twisted with lust, sweat dripping from his jaw onto her breasts as he pounded her harder. "I’m cumming... Bitch."

His pace exploded.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

The room shook with the violent rhythm, the sound of flesh colliding echoing in a relentless storm.

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~!! N-Not so fastttttt~!! You’ll break my pussyyyyyyy~!!" Enid screamed, her eyes wide in a mix of terror and ecstasy. She tried to lower her legs, to escape the brutal pounding, but Leon’s hands clamped around them like iron. He forced them together, holding her tight and folded beneath him.

"Take it all, bitch," he snarled, thrusting so deep her womb quivered under the impact.

With one final brutal slam, Leon groaned, his cock throbbing violently. "Fuck... take my cum."

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~ I’M CUUUMMMINGGGGGGGGG~!!" Enid howled, her entire body convulsing as wave after wave of pleasure detonated inside her. Her pussy clenched down hard, squirting violently as her orgasm ripped her apart.

Her eyes rolled white, her tongue lolled out, drool dripping down her chin. Her face twisted into a shameless ahegao, her nostrils flaring like a sow in heat as her pussy gushed uncontrollably.

SQUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRTTTTTTTTTTT!

Leon’s cock erupted deep inside her, thick ropes of cum blasting against the tight entrance of her womb.

"Fucking hell..." he groaned, his hips grinding forward, forcing his seed to seep deeper. Her womb’s gates stayed clenched tight, but his cum oozed past anyway, slowly invading her deepest insides.

Hot, sticky white flooded her cunt until it overflowed, leaking out around his shaft.

At last, Leon pulled out slowly, his shaft glistening, strands of thick cum still dripping from her tight pussy. A sticky trail of white slid down her twitching slit, pooling between her thighs.

His eyes rose to her face. Enid had finally passed out, unconscious from the sheer force of the orgasm. Her body twitched faintly, still quivering even in her sleep.

’Hah... I’ve been fucking her for three hours straight, without mercy, without a single pause... and she still managed to stay conscious through forty-seven orgasms.

I also came around ten times... Demon women are really something.’ Leon smirked darkly.

He reached down, fingers closing on her breasts again, idly playing with her swollen nipples.

Rub. Rub.

Her nipples hardened instantly under his touch.

Down below, her overstimulated pussy twitched in response, squeezing weakly—then pushed out another messy stream of his cum, spilling down her thighs like she was being milked.

"Her body is still reacting to the touch... What a slutty bitch is she ?" Leon asked with a smile as he immediately stood up and wore his clothes.

He then immediately exited the house and noticed that it was bright outside.

As Leon walked forward... He noticed that all the villagers have gathered up near the southern corner of the village where the campfire is set up at night.

Medina is standing in front and Kiren is standing right next to her while the other fairies are standing behind them with their heads looking down.

"I am really sorry for what my children have done to you for so many years. I had no control over them as they were being controlled by an evil demonic Parasite." Medina spoke as she immediately bowed down to the villagers.

"Although you won’t understand what a demon or a parasite is... But, you can assume that an evil force was forcing us to kill you and we had no intention of doing it." Kiren spoke as she looked at the villagers with a neutral expression.

But the villagers continued to stare at them with confused expressions as they couldn’t understand anything what they were trying to say.

"How did she even managed to get them out of their houses ?" Leon asked in a low voice as he immediately started walking towards the crowd.

He slowly walked upto Lea and grabbed her ass-cheeks from behind with both of his hands.

*Squeeze*

"Anhh~" Lea moaned slowly as she immediately turned around and noticed that it was none other than Leon himself.

"Hello, Darling." Leon spoke with a smile as he noticed that Lea’s face turned red as soon as she saw him.

"M-Mr. Leon ? W-What are you doing here ?" Lea asked in a low voice.

"Umm... I should ask you that. What are you doing here ?" Leon asked in a low voice.

"These fairies... They have called us here and they are saying that there is a world out there that we don’t about." Lea replied with a neutral expression.

"So, they just called you out of the house and you guys followed their orders ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"That’s the thing... I-I don’t really remember what happened. One moment I was standing inside my house and then I was here listening to her talk." Lea explained as she looked at him.

"I see..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he turned to look at the fairies standing in the back.

’One of them must’ve used their abilities to call these villagers here.’ Leon thought as he immediately noticed Medina pointing towards him.

"Mr. Leon... Please come here." She spoke with a smile.

"Me ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he immediately started walking towards her.

...

As soon as Leon reached near Medina, he whispered into her ear, "What the fuck are you doing ? Do you really think that these people are going to believe you ?"

"But... We have to tell them the truth. We can’t just let them roam in dark like this." Kiren spoke as she looked at Leon.

"I thought you were smart. Look these people are raised inside this village with knowing nothing about the outside world.

You leave them out there... These women will be turned into slaves and men will be killed. World out there is not that easy to live in." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"But... They are living here in such a dangerous place and they have survived against us." Kiren spoke with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon.

"What ? Surviving against you ? This place is a fucking cage... It was protecting them but it wasn’t allowing them leave either.

So, I won’t call it surviving... They are just sitting inside the cage to save themselves from you." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"What do you purpose we do then, Mr. Leon ?" Medina asked with a confused expression.

"I will take them with me, I have a big enough space for them to live in without any problems and I will also teach them about the outside world." Leon replied with a serious expression.

’I will make my very own harem room in the dungeon. hehehe...’ He thought in his mind.

"I agree with him... He is kin, they will trust him faster." Kiren replied as she looked at Medina.

"I see... Very well then, I will get them transferred to your place then before I give up my powers." Medina replied as she looked at Leon.

"You are really giving up so much power ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I have already taken a life, Mr. Leon. I can’t live as a fairy. I shall live as a mortal and pay for-"

"Yeah, Yeah... I know. You will have to pay for your sins." Leon spoke as he interrupted her in the middle of her sentence.

"Yes." Medina replied with a neutral expression.

"Why are they standing behind like that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he pointed towards the fairies standing in the back.

"Ah... They are purifying their bodies and destroying any remaining traces of that demonic parasite." Kiren replied with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon.

"Wait... They have killed so many humans, didn’t they ? Why aren’t they becoming mortals ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Oh, no no... Mr. Leon. It only applies we are in full control of our body, since they were under the influence of the Parasite, they didn’t killed the humans." Medina replied with a neutral expression.

"Hah... I don’t understand your rules. But, What I understand that I have to get out of here... It’s been six days and I have promised my mother that I will be home in a weak.

So, I will have to go back. How will you transfer these people to my place though ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"The skeleton has already told us about your dungeon. So, we will just teleport them there once you reach back." Kiren replied with a neutral expression.

"I see... Well, it was nice meeting you. DUSK... We are going home." Leon called out as he walked forward and without wasting another second, Dusk jumped out of the house.

"Yes, Master." Dusk spoke as he immediately transformed into his original form.

Leon immediately jumped over his back and Dusk started moving towards the Human Kingdom once again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253: Take me with you
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Step. Step. Step. Step.

The sound of padded paws echoed faintly through the forest as Dusk carried Leon swiftly toward the human kingdom. The cool air brushed past, but Leon seemed unconcerned with the journey. Reclining lazily on Dusk’s back, he was more focused on the glowing script before his eyes.

[Name: Steelweb Armour]

[Rank: A]

[Drop Chance: 0.05%]

[Description: A special and rare skill that can only be dropped by the Steelweb Spider. When activated, this skill forms an almost impenetrable armor made of pure steel around the user’s body.

Grants +100% Magic Damage Resistance | +150% Physical Damage Resistance | 25% Chance to Reflect Enemy Damage (250% Magic Damage Reflection, 200% Physical Damage Reflection).]

[Duration: 30 minutes after activation.]

[Mana: 2000/Use]

[Cooldown: 30 minutes]

’Hmm... this skill just became far too overpowered as a defensive ability,’ Leon mused, his lips curling into a faint smirk. ’The mana cost has dropped by a thousand, the cooldown is cut in half, the activation time has doubled, and all the defensive stats have skyrocketed. Way too good.’

He let his gaze skim over the other skill windows one by one.

’I’ve read the others as well, and it’s the same... every single skill of mine has been buffed drastically. Now that I’ve discovered how to upgrade skill ranks, I can push them all the way to S-rank with more fragments of the Nexus Star. Hah... I have to get stronger fast.’ Leon thought as a confident smile tugged at his face.

"Master... above."

Dusk’s deep voice pulled him from his thoughts.

"Hm?" Leon tilted his head upward—and his eyes immediately narrowed. Floating just above him was a fairy, delicate wings shimmering faintly as she trailed his movements.

"What the hell...?" His brows furrowed. "Stop, Dusk."

Screeeech—

Dusk came to an abrupt halt, his claws digging into the earth. The sudden pause forced the fairy to slow as well, and she drifted down before Leon.

*Swish*

Leon’s eyes sharpened. "What happened? Why are you following me?"

He immediately used his skill on her.

<Inspect>

[Name: Mary]

[Class: Unknown]

[Race: Fairy]

[Level: 233]

[HP: 900000/900000]

[MP: 450000/450000]

[Description: Mary is a peace-loving fairy capable of easily hypnotizing beings of lower level with only her voice. Once under her command, the hypnotized will obey without resistance. She is extremely vulnerable to compliments on her beauty.]

Leon’s gaze flickered as the information sank in.

"Fairy Mother has ordered me to follow you safely back to your house, It is my dusty to not let you get harmed in the way." Mary replied in a neutral tone, her eyes fixed unwaveringly on Leon’s face.

Leon chuckled, leaning forward slightly. "You know... you’ve got a very cute face and for that hot body of yours, I don’t even have words.

Your lips also look really juicy."

Her expression didn’t waver. No blush, no reaction—just that same blank, focused stare.

"Please get back on your cat and resume your journey," she said flatly before fluttering upward once again.

*Swish*

Leon exhaled slowly, shaking his head with a faint, amused smile. "Hah... I thought she was vulnerable to compliments. Maybe she just doesn’t want to reveal her weak side."

With a shrug, he settled back onto Dusk’s back. The great beast let out a low rumble before surging forward once again, carrying Leon steadily toward the human kingdom.

But, Mary’s face turned completely red as she continued to follow him from above.

"Oh my god... He just said that my body is hot. He also called my face cute and my lips are juicy ? Oh my god..." Mary spoke in a low voice as she placed both of her hands on her flushed red cheeks and felt her face’s warmth.

*THUD*

Suddenly, a huge tree fell down in front of Leon and Dusk immediately stopped.

"What the-!?" Mary immediately descended down with a confused expression on her face.

"What happened ?" Mary asked with a confused expression as she looked at Leon then looked at the tree.

"You tell me... It’s your forest. Why are your trees falling like that ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he continued to look around and with a serious expression.

"This tree... It didn’t fell down on it’s own." Mary spoke as she moved toward the lower end of the tree and noticed that it was chopped off clean with some kind of sharp blade.

"Because I chopped it down." Suddenly a familiar voice came from behind.

Leon and Mary immediately turned around and noticed that Enid is standing over one of the trees in distance.

"Enid ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at her.

"What you were trying to run away after doing all that to me ?" Enid asked with a serious expression as she immediately jumped down from the tree and landed directly in front of him.

*THUD*

Leon immediately jumped down from Dusk’s back as he continued to stare at Enid with a serious expression.

"You thought I will let you run away after doing all that to my body ?" Enid asked with a serious expression as she started walking towards Leon.

Without wasting another second Leon withdrew Nyxter from his inventory and just as he was to use his skill, mary stepped forward and stopped Enid.

"I will warn you once... Leave this place at once and never-" Mary started speaking but before she could’ve completed her sentence, Enid grabbed her by the neck.

*Grab*

"Don’t speak in between us you stupid bug." Enid spoke as she immediately threw her down on the ground and continued to walk towards Leon.

"Steelweb Arm-" Before Leon could’ve completed the sentence, Enid disappeared and re-appeared right in front of him.

*Grab*

The forest was still, only the faint rustle of leaves and distant cries of unseen beasts breaking the silence. The damp earth and scent of moss clung to the air, heavy and primal.

Enid suddenly grabbed Leon’s face with both hands and yanked him toward her.

Chuuuuuuuuu!

Her lips crushed against his, sloppy and aggressive. Their tongues tangled immediately, twisting, curling, forcing dominance over one another. The wet sound of their filthy kiss echoed through the trees.

For ten long seconds, they devoured each other until Enid finally pulled back, panting softly.

"Haaaah..." A thin string of saliva hung between their mouths as she smiled, her eyes gleaming with hunger.

"Well... that’s a new way to fight?" Leon muttered, tilting his head, still gripping his sword tightly.

Enid stepped closer, the sound of leaves crunching beneath her feet, her hips swaying with shameless lust. "Oh, come on... don’t tell me you’re planning to walk away without your Demon Cum-Dump."

Her hand slid down, pressing against the bulge straining in his pants. She squeezed his cock possessively, stroking along the length through the fabric.

Leon’s tone stayed cold, testing her. "...So, you’re my Cum-Dump?"

Her smile widened, her eyes dripping filth. "No... I’m your dick’s Cum-Dump. Ever since you fucked me like the whore I am, I can’t get over that feeling. I can’t live without your cock anymore. I just realised that my husband’s cock is nothing in front of your cock and I am not ashamed to say this as a demon that you are superior to him in bed."

Her words oozed shameless devotion. "And also you destroyed that demonic parasite, so I can’t go back to the Demon Kingdom. My father would kill me on sight. I have failed my mission and I have been fucked to the core by a human male."

She pressed her body against his, breasts flattening against his chest, her hand rubbing his cock harder, slower, her voice dripping with perversion.

"So I’ll live with you. For the rest of my life. You can use my pussy anytime, anywhere, and in any way you want. I’ll never say no."

Her filthy grin widened, her grip on his cock tightening. "And the best part? I can’t even get pregnant like those pathetic human sluts. I’m your personal cum-dump forever.

Cum in me as much as you like day and night, I won’t object, Master."

As soon as Leon heard this, a smile appeared over his face.

"What the hell is wrong with you two ?" Mary spoke form behind as she looked at Leon with an angry expression.

"Hmm...? What happened to her ?" Enid asked with a confused expression as she looked at Mary.

"Wha-?? You just grabbed my throat and pushed me down on the ground." Mary spoke in an angry voice.

"Oh... I did ? Well, I do that when I am angry... So, get out of my sight before I kill you, you fuckin-"

"Calm down." Leon spoke from behind as he immediately grabbed her boobs and pinched her nipples.

*Pinch-Pinch*

"Anhhhhhhhh~ Yessss~ Masterrr~" Enid replied as she made an Ahegao expression, her eyes turning white and her back twitching a little while pre-cum flowed out of her pussy.

’Hhehe... She can be really useful to me in this state.’ Leon thought with a smile as evil ideas started to pop in his mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254: Michael- What !?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Human Kingdom, Southern Border — Near Truvale Checkpost

The air was heavy with the stench of blood and smoke. Soldiers moved stiffly, their faces pale as they lifted corpses from the ground and stacked them onto carriages. The grisly work of clearing the battlefield carried on in silence, broken only by the dull thud of bodies falling into wooden carts.

Prince Charles stood a short distance away, his arms folded tightly behind his back. Beside him was his ever-loyal bodyguard, Frecio. Both men’s gazes were fixed on the mangled corpses of elves scattered beyond the checkpost.

"Are you absolutely certain these bodies weren’t here the last time you checked?" Charles’ voice was sharp, his expression grave as his eyes narrowed at Frecio.

"I am sure, Your Majesty," Frecio replied without hesitation. "These bodies were not here before."

Charles’ jaw clenched. "What the fuck...? Then how did they get here?" His tone carried both confusion and dread as he stared at the elves’ bloodstained armor.

Frecio stepped forward cautiously. "Don’t worry, Your Highness. We will—"

"Don’t worry?" Charles’ voice cut like a blade, and his glare snapped toward his guard. "Did you just say that? Frecio... if my father hears about this, he’ll demand an explanation. And what do you expect me to say? ’Oh, Father, please give me time, I’ll figure it out’?"

The prince’s voice lowered, seething with frustration. "I want to become the next king, Frecio. I must have answers. I need to know what these elves were doing here. You have six hours. Bring me a reason I can present before my father, or don’t bother showing your face."

Frecio stiffened, bowing quickly. "I-I understand, Your Majesty." He departed at once, leaving Charles alone in the thickening tension.

The prince reached into his cloak and pulled out a small vial of shimmering blue powder. With a soft puk, he uncorked the bottle, tipped a measure onto his finger, and raised it to his nose.

Sniffffff

The powder burned cold as it entered his lungs. For an instant, his eyes glowed a piercing blue, then faded back to black. His breathing steadied, and his thoughts sharpened, cutting through the haze like blades.

’What were they doing here? Did they kill the humans? No... no, that doesn’t add up. The crest on that elf prince’s body—there’s no mistaking it, it belongs to that Wendigo.

If I assume they were trying to sneak into the kingdom through a weak point, why would he kill them? That doesn’t make sense. He slaughtered the humans to announce his return, to tell us he’s back for revenge. But the elves?

Does he carry some grudge against their kingdom as well? No... if that were the case, he wouldn’t have left their corpses here, in our territory.

Something else. Something deeper. There must be a reason... the strings have to connect somewhere. I just have to—’

"Your Majesty!"

The sharp voice shattered his focus. Charles’ head whipped around, his eyes blazing.

"WHAT!?" he snapped, his tone laced with fury.

The guard who approached dropped to one knee, trembling. "I-I apologize, Your Majesty... but something is approaching the kingdom from the south."

Charles’ eyes narrowed. "Something? What do you mean something?"

The guard pointed, breath uneven. "A... a black monster, rushing this way at incredible speed. And there are two humans riding on its back. Something else flies above them, but at this distance... I cannot tell what it is."

Charles strode out of the outpost, his gaze locking on the distant figure. Dust trailed in the wind as a massive shadow surged toward them. His jaw tightened.

"Ready your weapons!" Charles barked, his voice carrying across the checkpost. "If it’s a threat to the kingdom, we strike it down. If not, we capture it alive."

The Royal Knights obeyed instantly, stepping forward in perfect formation. Blades hissed from their sheaths. Bowstrings creaked as arrows were nocked, all eyes trained on the dark figure barreling toward them.

---

Meanwhile...

Chuuuuuuuuuuu

Leon sat astride Dusk’s broad back, utterly unconcerned with the world around him. His lips were locked with Enid’s, his tongue tangled with hers in a deep, heated kiss that had shown no signs of ending for five whole minutes.

Enid clung to him tightly, her legs wrapped firmly around his waist, her chest pressing against his with desperate lust.

"Mmmhh..."

Her muffled moans only spurred Leon further.

Then—

"Master," Dusk’s calm voice rumbled in his mind. "The prince of the Human Kingdom stands at the checkpost. His Royal Knights have drawn their weapons. Their bows and swords are aimed at us.

Should I keep moving ?" He asked.

"What?" Leon muttered, brows knitting in confusion as he immediately pulled his lips away from Enid’s.

"Ahhh~ Don’t do that, Master... I wasn’t done sucking on—"

"Shut up and let me see." His tone turned flat as he grabbed Enid’s chin, tilting her head aside. His eyes flicked past her, and sure enough, the scene ahead matched Dusk’s words perfectly—an entire checkpoint lined with soldiers, weapons already trained on them.

"Tch..." Leon exhaled, then glanced upward at the fluttering figure above him. "Hey. Can you do something about them?"

Before Mary could even respond, Enid let out a low laugh. Her arms tightened around Leon as her eyes glowed a dangerous crimson. "Master, why are you asking that bitch for help? Don’t you have me? I can erase them from existence in seconds." Her smile widened into something feral, eager.

Leon gave her a side glance, unamused. "Yeah, no. If I wanted to fight them, I’d handle it myself. I don’t want blood spilled if it can be avoided."

At that, Mary descended slowly until she was level with his eyes, her wings beating with a faint shimmer. Her voice was calm, detached. "I can control them. Make them forget everything from the last thirty minutes. If you wish, you can pass through without resistance. However..." She paused, her gaze sharp. "Some of the humans—mages—protect their minds with layered spells. They cannot be manipulated so easily. I count three of them standing behind that prince. You would have to deal with those yourself."

Enid’s red eyes flickered toward Leon, a playful smirk tugging at her lips. "I mean... killing three mages isn’t that much blood, right?" Her tone dripped with delight, as if she were already imagining their screams.

"No." Leon’s voice was firm. "I have a better idea." He turned his attention between the two women. "Mary, don’t use your magic until I say so. Enid—stay put like this, but change your appearance. I don’t want them realizing you’re a demon if it can be helped. Switch back into a human girl."

Mary dipped her head obediently. "As you say." She rose into the air again, her wings carrying her above the group.

Enid licked her lips, her eyes softening slightly at his command. "As you wish, Master." Her snowy-white hair shimmered for a moment, then darkened into a rich black, her appearance folding seamlessly into that of a human maiden.

Meanwhile, Leon reached into his pocket, tugged out a folded handkerchief, and bound it securely around his face and nose.

"STOP AT ONCE, IF YOU COME CLOSER EVEN MORE STEP WEBWILL KILL YOU." Frecio shouted from distance.

"Dusk Stop." Leon commanded calmly.

"Yes Master." Dusk immediately came to a halt and all the soldiers immediately surrounded Leon from all sides.

"State your name right now or die." Charles spoke as he stepped forward and looked at Leon with a confident expression.

<Inspect>

Leon immediately used his skill on him...

[Name: Charles Lorence]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 97000/97000]

[MP: 120000/120000]

[Description: Charles is the third son of the Royal Lorence family and he was a very responsible person but when he got addicted to {Fermus} his life changed completely.

He was never able to let go of his addiction and started taking more and more Fermus everyday. Now in order to think properly, he needs to consume a very high dose of {Fermus}.]

’Ah... So he is a drug addicted rich kid.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"I said state your name at onc-"

"My name is Michael Jackson." Leon replied while keeping a calm expression as he looked at Charles.

"Michael Jackson ? What kind of name is that ?" Charles asked with a confused expression.

"It’s a name given in the south... May I ask who you are ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"I am Prince Charles... The prince of human kingdom." Charles replied with a neutral expression.

"I see, It’s a pleasure to meet you Charles. Now... I have to go or I will be late." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Charles.

"I am sorry but I can’t let you into my kingdom without knowing where you come from and where do you plan to go in the kingdom.

You will also have to get down from that Shadow Velmora and come with us." Charles replied with a serious expression.

"Oh my... So, you have so much attitude that you are going to stop the king in south ?" Leon asked with a smile as he stepped from from Dusk’s back and started walking towards Charles.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255: King In the South
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"K–King of the South?" Charles stammered, his brows furrowed in confusion. He didn’t understand what Leon meant, but something in Leon’s tone told him it wasn’t a lie.

’What is in the south ? Is he from an unknown kingdom ? What if he really is a prince and I started a war with their Kingdom ?

But, what if he is just bluffing ? No, No... He also has that girl with wings flying in the air... She looks like a forest fairy and I have heard that they are very strong.

Oh my god... I can’t make one fucking decision, what kind of king am I going to become ?’ Charles thought as he started to feel very confused with every passing second.

Leon’s gaze never wavered. "Allow me to reintroduce myself... I am the King of the South—Michael Jackson. I have killed many people... and I don’t mind killing a few more." His voice was calm, but his eyes drilled directly into Charles, cold and unyielding.

<Bluff>

’If you want to Bluff... Then either Bluff so little that they can’t even detect it or Bluff so hard that they can’t comprehend the truth behind it.’

"W–Wha—" Charles tried to respond, but the words caught in his throat.

"Dare you threaten our prince!?" Frecio barked, stepping forward. His voice carried a fearless edge as he glared at Leon. "Do you have any idea how many Royal Knights stand around you ? They will kill you the moment he commands it."

Leon exhaled faintly, unbothered by the tension pressing down on him from every direction. "Haa... fine. Then how about this—" he lifted his hand slowly, reaching into his pocket. "I’ll show you a small example of my power. No one will be harmed. Then we can all be on our way."

The moment his fingers produced a small wooden bead, the Royal Knights’ formation shifted. Blades gleamed, bowstrings pulled taut.

"Calm down... calm down." Leon’s voice remained even as he raised the bead into view. "I won’t harm you with this."

He pressed two fingers against the bead.

<Blast Seal>

A black circle shimmered over its surface. Then—he moved his finger slightly upward.

Zhhhhhmm—

More and more seals layered upon each other, stacking endlessly. The bead pulsed with unstable energy, its surface humming with dark vibrations.

Instead of multiple alerts flooding his vision, only one appeared.

[+900 Seals has been applied. (Maximum Limit Reached)]

Leon’s eyes widened, his composure cracking for the briefest instant.

’Fucking hell... I knew the skills got buffed, but nine hundred seals? If this bead explodes... the blast will be monstrous. Hellish. I don’t even know the scale.’ His throat tightened slightly. ’I need a pen and paper to calculate that kind of damage.’

He turned his head casually, only to notice one of the archers had his bow already drawn, an arrow pointed straight at him.

A thought flickered through Leon’s mind. His smirk returned.

’Oh... that can work.’

He lifted the bead. "Attach this to your arrow. Shoot it as high as you can."

"What? Why should we help—" Frecio started, but Charles’ sharp voice cut him off.

"Take it." Charles’ tone was hard, commanding. His expression left no room for doubt.

"...Yes, Your Majesty." Frecio stepped forward, reluctantly accepting the bead from Leon’s hand. Without hesitation, he handed it to the waiting archer.

The archer’s hands trembled slightly as he bound the bead to his arrow with a strip of leather. Then he raised his bow, steadying his breath.

"Grace of Jernia..."

The words rang like a vow. His weapon flared with divine light for an instant, bow and arrow glowing with radiant energy.

Pull.

Tik.

Swishhhhh—!

The arrow tore through the air with blinding speed, vanishing upward like a streak of silver.

Every soldier tilted their heads back, eyes following its flight. The arrow pierced the dark ceiling of clouds and disappeared into the heavens.

’Please don’t be a mass extinction-level one...’ Leon prayed silently, pressing his lips together. Under his breath, he whispered the trigger.

"...Kaboom."

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

The world roared.

A shockwave tore across the land with the force of a hurricane. The ground beneath them trembled violently as if the very earth feared the sound. Soldiers clutched their weapons, eyes wide in horror, while the heavens themselves split apart.

Leon squinted, his face bathed in blinding radiance. Slowly, he opened his eyes.

"Fucking hell..." he muttered under his breath.

The haze of light cleared, revealing a sight that froze him in place.

The dark canopy of storm clouds that had blanketed the Human Kingdom for over forty-five days—obliterated in an instant. Sunlight streamed down freely, warm and golden, as the twin suns descended along the horizon. For the first time in weeks, light touched the land again.

Leon lowered his gaze. Every Royal Knight, every soldier, even Prince Charles himself—all of them stared slack-jawed at the sky, mouths hanging open in disbelief.

"Master..." Enid’s voice came soft and sultry, her crimson eyes glimmering. She leaned closer, her lips brushing his ear, her hand caressing his cheek. "I’m not going to lie, but that just made me a little wet. You’re so strong... and yet, back in the village, you acted like such a weakling." Her smile widened, fangs barely visible.

The only thing that came to Leon’s mind after looking at the explosion was, ’Yep... That will destroy the human kingdom instantly. If not fully, the damages will be too much to repair.’

"Master...? Are you listening ? Would you like to touch my wet pussy or maybe use it ?" Enid asked with a perverted smile.

Leon ignored her teasing, his attention fixed on Charles. His voice came calm, cutting through the stunned silence. "So... what were you saying again?"

Charles flinched at the words. His mind snapped back into motion. He stumbled forward, bowing deeply. His voice trembled as he spoke.

"Sir Michael Jackson, King of the South... I-I-I humbly welcome you to our kingdom. M-My name is Prince Charles Lorence, son of King Edwin Lorence. I deeply apologize for my rudeness earlier. Please... forgive me for that or punish me if you like."

THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD!

One by one, the Royal Knights followed their prince’s example. Swords clattered against the ground as they dropped to their knees in unison, bowing low before Leon. Even the lower level guards, pale with fear, pressed their foreheads to the dirt.

Frecio’s body trembled as he too bent down, one knee sinking into the cracked earth beneath him. His eyes darted toward the fractures splintering across the ground, his face pale.

’The Royal fucking Cavalry is on their knees. Even the prince... bowing to me. I have really scared them, huh ?

He won’t try to make a man with this much power angry on him no matter what. Looks like the words were really true... Money is nothing when you hold Power.’

Behind the handkerchief covering his face, Leon’s lips curved into a wide grin.

"I trust," he spoke evenly, his calm tone carrying like a king’s decree, "that we won’t have any more problems. I can pass... right?"

"S-Sir... Please allow me to escort you to your destination and If you would like, please come to our castle... I would like to serve you our delicious food as an apology for-"

"I don’t really have time for that but I will come to visit some other day. I have friend in your kingdom that I have to meet. So, Bye." Leon replied as he slowly tapped his hand against Dusk’s nape and he started moving immediately.

Mary started to follow them and as she did, she looked at Leon carefully.

’He holds so much power, then why would he act like that ? Why would he hide his face in front of those humans ?

Why did he even show them all that if he wanted to keep his identity a secret ?’ Mary thought in her mind as she looked at Leon with a tilted head.

....

Truvale Checkpost,

Charles is sitting on a wooden chair and he is drinking water without any stops.

*Gulp-Gulp-Gulp*

*Thud*

He placed the wooden mug on the table and looked at the empty corner of the tent.

"S-Sir... Are you alright ?" Frecio asked with a confused and worried expression.

"Alright ? Do you think I am alright ? I just stopped and talked back to such a powerful person and you think I am alright ?

I didn’t knew he was a fucking king... What kind of king travels on a Shadow Velmora and he didn’t even any Royal Cavalry with him.

I don’t even know if there is a fucking kingdom in the south or not. But, if there is a kingdom in the south and that guy is the king... I want him to be on good terms with this kingdom.

And I want the name of his friend in this kingdom. If I established a good relationship between the two kingdoms... No one will be able to stop me from becoming the next king.

Forget everything... Find out the name of his friend, Frecio.’ Charles ordered with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256: Can I get pats ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After two relentless hours of running, Dusk finally came to a halt before a massive metalic gates buried in the ground. His chest rose and fell heavily, steam rising faintly from his black fur.

Leon slid off his back, boots crunching against the cold earth. His gaze drifted skyward, where the dark clouds were already slithering back into place, swallowing what little sunlight had managed to break through earlier.

’That explosion... it wasn’t just overkill. It could’ve wiped out hundreds—no, thousands of people... and monsters alike. Tch. I really need to sit down and read through all my skill descriptions properly.’ His thoughts lingered grimly as he turned his attention toward the dungeon’s entrance.

’But first... I will have to explain to Mother and my dear sister, why I have a demon slut with me and why many more women who are crazy for sex are coming to the dungeon.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he continued to look at the dungeon’s closed gates.

"Why aren’t these gates-"

Grrrrrr—

The massive metallic gates rumbled, the ground beneath them quaking slightly. As the doors slowly parted, an otherworldly chill swept through the air.

Enid’s crimson eyes widened slightly before a smile curled across her lips. "Wow... that’s one high-ranked dungeon. As expected of my master."

Leon’s expression remained unreadable. "Come." He strode forward without hesitation, stepping into the yawning darkness.

The moment his boot pressed against the first step descending into the dungeon, flames roared to life. One by one, every torch along the walls ignited in rapid succession, bathing the stone corridor in a flickering golden light that stretched deep below.

"Yes, Master," Enid and Dusk replied in unison, quickly following behind.

GRRRRRR—

The gates shuddered once more before sealing shut, cutting off the outside world.

Aboveground, Mary descended gracefully, her wings shimmering as she landed before the dungeon’s entrance. Her gaze lingered on the sealed stone door, a strange softness flickering in her eyes.

"Alfureous Huleorls Locusterus..."

Her voice lilted with ancient resonance as she chanted. The crest of a dove burned faintly into existence over her palm, glowing with silvery light. She pressed it against the cold stone.

Swish—

The crest sank into the dungeon gate, etching itself deep before vanishing without a trace.

Mary’s lips curved faintly. "We will see each other again soon... Leon Luster."

Then, with a powerful beat of her wings, she shot upward. The wind cracked with her speed as she soared into the skies, and in the next instant, her form streaked southward like a dart of light—too fast for the naked eye to follow.

SWISSHHHHH—!

---

First Floor, Dungeon

Leon stepped through the wide archway and entered the first chamber. Instantly, every torch flared to life, illuminating the room with steady golden flames.

"This place hasn’t changed a bit..." His lips curved into a faint smile.

The chamber was vast yet refined, filled with wooden furnishings carved with meticulous artistry. The furniture carried an elegance not of common make, but of something—royal and one of a kind.

"Kai really did some—" Leon’s words halted.

A ripple of energy spread across the room, and from the very air, a figure materialized.

She lowered her head gracefully, her form bathed in soft blue light.

"I greet my Master. Welcome back, Sir."

It was none other than Elis. She bowed deeply before Leon, her voice calm yet reverent.

"Hello, darling... I trust nothing went wrong in my absence ? No one fucked up or anything." Leon’s lips curved into a faint smile as his eyes settled on Elis.

Elis bowed deeply, her tone even. "Nothing wrong occurred, Master. However... five humans somehow discovered the dungeon. They forced their way inside using high-level magic and reached the second floor without my notice. When they began slaughtering the slimes... I had no choice but to act. I eliminated two of them immediately."

Leon tilted his head slightly, brow raised. "And the remaining three?"

"They are imprisoned on the seventh floor, Master, They tried to run while trying to abandon their partners but failed at last" Elis replied without a flicker of emotion. "I kept them alive for interrogation. Yet I still fail to understand how they found this place and what kind of magic they used to betray my magic."

Leon’s smirk widened faintly. "Don’t worry. I’ll handle them myself. Dusk..." His gaze shifted to the massive beast. "You’re free to do as you please now. Enid, you’ll accompany me to the seventh floor. We should properly greet our guests and maybe kill some to get the information out of others."

"Oh I would really enjoy it... I can really get people scared with my tricks." Enid replied with a crazy smile.

"Oh your smile will get them scared don’t worry." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Thank you, Master. I will take a nap then... *yawwwn*" Dusk’s deep voice rumbled before his form shrank. In the blink of an eye, the colossal beast transformed back into a small black cat. He curled up on the warm floor without hesitation.

ZzzzzzzzzZ...

Leon’s eyes softened for a brief moment. ’He must be exhausted after six days of running without rest. Best not to disturb him now.’

With that, Leon silently turned on his left leg, striding deeper into the dungeon with Enid and Elis close behind.

---

Second Floor

The moment they stepped onto the floor, the torches along the walls blazed to life, casting flickering light over the chamber. The wide room was alive with slimes, their translucent bodies bouncing lazily across the stone.

Leon scanned the scene, an amused smile tugging at his lips. "Huh... looks like they figured out how to control their population."

Elis shook her head immediately. "Not so, Master. As I mentioned—the intruders killed nearly one hundred and fifty of them. That is why their numbers appear reduced."

"Wow... you even have slime farms?" Enid chimed in with a playful grin as her crimson eyes lingered on the bouncing creatures.

Leon blinked, caught off guard. "Wait a second Elis, I will get back to you. Also ? What do you mean by that, Enid ?" His gaze flicked to her, puzzled.

Enid giggled, her tone dripping with casual cruelty. "Oh, in the Demon Kingdom, every high-ranking noble keeps slime farms. We raise them, then prepare them as desserts. Sweet, chewy... delightful with blood wine."

The chamber went silent.

One by one, every slime stopped bouncing. They turned, their round bodies quivering as all their gazes locked on Leon.

"Wait, don’t look at me like that." Leon raised a hand defensively. "I’m not farming you. I’m just... keeping you. You can leave anytime you want." His voice remained calm, though he side-eyed Enid with clear annoyance before resuming his pace toward the descending stairs.

The slimes collectively parted, bouncing aside to clear a perfect path for him.

Enid’s eyes swept the surroundings, her smile widening. "This floor looks a lot cleaner than the last."

"The slimes eat dirt... They keep their place clean." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Hmm... That’s a new thing. So, we were eating dirt all these years ?" Enid asked with a confused expression.

"Yes." Leon replied with a smile as they started going down the stairs.

"Haa... Who cares, they just taste so good when thrown inside the burning furnace of hellfire and pulled out with-" Before Enid could’ve completed her sentence, she raised her hand and grabbed a very small needle that was coming at her from the right side.

"Hmm..? A needle ? And what’s this liquid coming out of it ?" Enid asked with a confused expression.

"The traps are still going off, Elis ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah... They are only made to not work on you Master. If you want, I can make them not to activate in her presence as well." Elis replied with a neutral expression.

"No, No... Let them be. She can dodge some needles, right Enid ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Enid and noticed that she was touching her back.

As soon as Leon looked at her back, he noticed several needles filled with aphrodisiac are stabbing against her skin.

"You are going to be one really horny bitch after that." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"I didn’t even feel them coming at me or stabbing me in the back." Enid spoke with a confused expression as she slowly pulled out the needles.

"I have timed them with that decoy needle... It makes a slow sound as it approaches the target and as soon as the target thinks it has dodged the one needle... The other needles comes from the back in silence." Elis explained as she looked at Leon with a smile.

"Wow... You really used brain in this one, huh ?" Leon asked with an impressed expression.

"Did I do a good work master ?" Elis asked with a smile.

"Absolutely." Leon replied with a smile.

As soon as she heard this, she bowed down her head in Front of Leon.

"What are you doing ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Can I get the ’Pats’ now master ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257: Rio the Oracle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Can I get pats now, Master?" Elis asked softly, lowering herself into a deep bow before Leon.

Leon blinked. "...What?" His brow arched as he studied her.

"The pats on my head," Elis clarified, her voice steady but tinged with anticipation. "Just like you gave me last time, Master." She remained bowed, her head inclined toward him, a faint smile flickering at the corners of her lips as if she already expected his answer.

Leon’s expression turned thoughtful.

’Hmm... she’s developed emotions. She craves recognition now, desiring appraisal each time she pleases me.Hah... well, I don’t have a problem with that, but I have to look into her emotional development later.

I don’t want her turning into a emotionally stupid dungeon core who collapses the whole dungeon just because I said ’No’ to her pats.’

He extended his hand and rested it lightly upon her head.

Pat–Pat–Pat.

Elis closed her eyes. A serene smile graced her face, her usual neutrality melting away beneath the simple gesture.

Leon withdrew his hand, his tone resuming its usual calm weight. "Now, take us to the seventh floor. I want to see the ones who entered my dungeon. And listen carefully—" his lips curved faintly, "once we arrive, don’t act like this. You’ll behave as if you captured me and Enid and locked us in with them. Understood?"

Elis straightened at once, her composure restored. "As you command, Master."

The air around them shimmered. In an instant, the three vanished.

---

Seventh Floor, Dungeon

Swish—

Leon, Enid, and Elis reappeared in the chamber. The torches embedded in the walls blazed to life one by one, filling the space with golden firelight. The sudden brightness drove back the heavy shadows, revealing the wide room in full.

Leon’s eyes swept across the chamber. In one corner, three figures huddled together. Two boys—around fifteen years of age—and a girl, perhaps sixteen. Their shoulders pressed close, fear etched on their faces as they watched Leon’s group with wary eyes.

’They’re just kids...’ Leon thought, gaze unreadable as he studied them.

"You’ll also be locked in here with these intruders until my master arrives," Elis declared, her voice flat and cold. Without another word, her form shimmered like mist and vanished.

Swish.

The three children stiffened, their gazes now fixed solely on Leon.

"Hey..." Leon’s voice cut through the silence, smooth and calm. "Are you the ones who trapped us here?"

One of the boys swallowed hard. "N-No, Sir. We’re also trapped here." His voice trembled, but his eyes did not leave Leon’s.

<Inspect>

[Name: Klause Nels]

[Class: Magi]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 600/600]

[MP: 300/300]

[Description: Klause is an intelligent boy who lost his parents at an early age. He was raised by the ’God’s Grace Orphanage’. But one day, when he uncovered a dark secret about the orphanage, he decided to run away with his friends.]

Leon exhaled quietly. "...Runaway orphan kids?" The words left him in a low murmur as his eyes lingered on Klause.

Klause shifted his weight, then hesitantly took a step forward. "Um... Sir, if I may ask... how did you get inside the dungeon?" His tone was careful, but curiosity pushed him closer.

"Hey! What are you doing?" The girl behind him snapped, grabbing his hand sharply and tugging him back. Her voice carried panic. "You can’t just talk to him! He’s a stranger!"

<Inspect>

[Name: Yuna]

[Class: Housewife]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 300/300]

[MP: 150/150]

[Description: Yuna is a very caring and loving person and she has a huge crush on Klause but she can’t tell him about it. She always trusts him and ran away from the orphanage with him.]

Leon lifted a hand, his tone even, almost reassuring. "I’m no stranger. I’m an adventurer from the guild. I was patrolling the forest outskirts, hunting one-horned rabbits, when I discovered this dungeon. I entered and—"

He stopped.

From the shadows, the third child stirred. Slowly, the boy rose to his feet. A strip of black cloth was bound tightly across his eyes, yet his movements were steady. He began to walk, calm and deliberate, step after step, toward Leon.

"R-Rio? What are you doing? Where are you going?" Yuna’s voice cracked as she tried to stop him, but the boy ignored her completely.

His faint smile never faltered. Even with his eyes bound, he moved forward without hesitation, his stride unnervingly precise—like someone who could see without sight.

<Inspe->

Before Leon could’ve used his skill, Rio stopped and went down on his knee.

"I humbly greet the Dungeon Master." Rio spoke as he obediently bowed his head in front of Leon.

"Hmm...?" Everyone standing inside the room got shocked as soon as they heard his sentence.

"How did you know ?" Leon asked as he decided not to continue with his act anymore and he used his skill on him.

<Inspect>

[Name: Rio Sanchez]

[Class: Oracle]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 900/900]

[MP: 1500/1500]

[Description: Rio is a very rare child who holds a class that can only be achieved by doing a certain ritual at the child birth. Once this ritual is done... The mother of the child is killed and he is bathed in his own father’s blood.

Rio can see possible future possibilities with his eyes closed and feel the environment around him better. He hasn’t opened his eyes once after a strange incident three years ago.]

As soon as Leon readed this, a confused expression appeared over his face.

"An Oracle." Leon and Rio spoke at the same time.

"Yes, sir... I am an Oracle and I have seen this future with five others." Rio replied as he stood up and looked at Leon.

"I know... That’s why you are speaking my words before me." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"But... I am sure this is not the only future you have seen." Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"This is a definite future, Sir. I have seen it up until this very second but I know nothing after this point because it spreads into possibilities after this and I still can’t control them.

They just come to my mind as visions." Rio replied with a neutral expression.

"Why are you telling me this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I have seen a vision of near future where you are doing something favorable for us, Sir. That’s why I am telling you this." Rio replied.

"What if I just kick you out of the dungeon right now ? Your future will not happen then." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"That is one of the possibilities but the vision I have seen is a definite future vision... That means it will happen no matter what possibility you choose, Sir." Rio replied with a smile.

"I will ask you a question and just answer me in ’Yes or No’-"

"Yes, I knew all about it. I have a very sharp memory sir. I remember all of it very clearly and I have accepted it." Rio replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

’I was about to ask him, if he knows how he became an oracle and what happened to his parents but he already answered it before I could’ve asked it.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Did you have a vision that I was about to ask you that question ?" Leon asked.

"Yes, Sir... It was one of the possibilities and as soon as I matched the words of your sentence, with the possibility, I answered your question." Rio replied immediately.

"Didn’t that just changed the future ? I didn’t ask you the question and you just answered it but in the possibility you saw me asking the question." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"This was one of the possibilities... Sir." Rio replied with a smile.

"I like talking with you." Leon replied with a smile.

"Pleasure is all mine, Sir." Rio spoke as he immediately bowed down to Leon.

"So... Why are you wearing that blindfold ?" Leon asked.

"When I open my eyes, my visions gets mixed with real world visuals and my head starts to hurt really bad, Sir." Rio replied with a neutral expression.

"So you use your visions to see the environment around you and that’s why you are moving so freely in the dungeon." Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes, Sir." Rio. Replied.

"So, why are you guys running away from the orphanage ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s not an orphanage... They are selling kids to Demons for an invasion ritual. Klause knows all about it.

Klause, Tell Mr. Leon about it." Rio replied as he looked at Leon with a neutral expression.

’He knows my name... Probably from vision.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"It was the night-" Before klause could’ve completed his sentence, Enid interrupted him.

"Umm... I don’t intend to get in between this beautiful conversation but I have this huge doubt that’s eating my mind for the last one hour." Enid spoke as she pulled out a black coin out of her boobs.

"It’s a Demonic coin... One side contains the number and the other side has-"

"The face of a Demon. You want to know what will come if you tossed the coin but I can’t answer that as I can only tell what possibility is going to come true when I asses some conditions." Rio replied with a smile.

"Wow... Talking to this kid is just Total confusion... Master did you understand what he just said ?" Enid asked as she looked at Leon with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258: I had a vision.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three Days Ago — Human Kingdom

On the northern outskirts of the Human Kingdom stood God’s Grace Orphanage.

The building was secluded, surrounded by wide fields and forests, far from any village. It was quiet, beautiful, and almost too peaceful—as if the world had forgotten it.

Inside, children from ages one to fourteen ran about, chasing chickens, feeding cows, or laughing as they played in the snow. Others helped in the kitchen, lending small hands to the caretakers and the sisters of the church.

---

"Yuna, could you help me with these clothes?"

A woman in her thirties, Sister Kole, bent down and struggled to lift a heavy bucket filled with dirty garments.

"Yes, Sister Kole!" Yuna, a cheerful girl of twelve, hurried over and grabbed the other side of the bucket. Together they carried it across the courtyard.

"Where are your friends today? Aren’t they always by your side?" Kole asked, smiling warmly.

"Ah... Klause is scribbling something with pen and paper again. And Rio—" Yuna hesitated, rolling her eyes a little, "—he’s lying on the snow, smiling at nothing, with that black cloth tied over his eyes. Honestly, I don’t understand him... but he’s not crazy. I’m sure of it."

Kole chuckled. "Let them play around a little. Keeping them tied to your hip won’t be good when they eventually leave."

"Sister, we’ve been together since we were little. I can’t just let those stupid heads wander off without me," Yuna replied with a playful smile.

They reached the wash area and set the bucket down. Yuna dumped the clothes onto the ground with a dull thud.

Sister Kole pressed a hand to her chest, fingers tightening around the star-shaped sigil of her necklace. Her lips moved in prayer.

"Oh Mother of All, bless us with your grace. Let your tears cleanse these garments."

At once, the water in the nearby tub rose into the air, shimmering as if alive. The garments floated inside it, swirling gently as the water scrubbed them clean.

Yuna’s eyes sparkled. "I hope someday I can learn spells like that. Then I could help the orphanage too."

Kole’s smile deepened. "You will, child. I’ll make sure you learn every basic spell you need. One day, you’ll be a fine caretaker."

"Thank you, Sister Kole!" Yuna bowed deeply.

"Come, let’s fetch the rest of the clothes," Kole said, and the two left together.

---

Inside the orphanage’s classroom, one boy sat alone.

Klause.

Even though the winter chill seeped through the windows, sweat trickled down his forehead. His face was pale, his eyes fixed on the parchment in front of him—numbers and fragmented words scrawled across it.

Fear twisted his expression. His lips trembled.

"... I-It’s true," he whispered.

Shoving the paper aside, Klause bolted out of the room, his legs trembling as he ran, wiping sweat from his face.

---

Out in the snowy fields, Rio lay flat on his back, the black cloth covering his eyes. A faint smile tugged at his lips as though he were basking in sunlight only he could see.

But the smile vanished.

His head tilted. His expression sharpened. In one fluid motion, Rio sat up, his posture suddenly rigid—his aura shifting from carefree to dangerous.

"Rio! Rio!" Klause’s desperate voice rang out as he rushed toward him.

"Don’t speak."

Rio’s voice cut through the air like a blade. He raised his hand, and Klause froze mid-step, mid-breath, as if the world itself had forced him still.

Klause’s heart pounded violently, ready to leap from his chest. He could only stare at Rio, whose unseen gaze felt sharper than any sword.

"Come closer slowly... Use your left foot when you step forward." Rio spoke with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes..." Klause spoke as he immediately raised his left leg and placed it down on the ground carefully.

*Step*

"Hehe... I was just kidding, hahaha." Rio started laughing as he pointed towards Klause.

"Rio... It’s not the time to do this. I have something really important to show you." Klause spoke with a serious expression as he immediately started walking towards Rio.

"Something important ?" Rio asked with a confused expression as he looked down.

"Hmm... I haven’t seen any possibilities for this, an absolute possibility it is." Rio spoke in a low voice.

"Last night... I walked out of the room after ten and saw something that I shouldn’t have seen, Rio." Klause spoke with a scared expression.

"Okay, Okay... Calm down, sit down on the snow. It will calm your body down." Rio spoke as he immediately sat down in a lotus position.

Klause followed his instructions and sat down right next to him.

"Now tell me... What did you see ? And isn’t it forbidden to get out after nine ?" Rio asked with a confused expression.

"W-When I was going to the bathroom, I saw sister Kole and sister rose standing in front of room no.13." Klause replied.

"That room at the end of our corridor ? It’s a store room to store old items, what were they doing there ?" Rio asked with a confused expression.

"I would tell it to you, if you just stop cutting me in the middle of my conversation." Klause spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I am sorry... It’s just that I haven’t seen any possibilities for this and I get a little excited when this kind of thing happens. I will try to stay silent now. What happened after you saw them standing there ?" Rio asked with a smile.

"Both of them were standing in front of room no.13 and suddenly, this red light started coming out from underneath.

And they immediately went down on their knees in front of the door as they said something in an unknown language.

The words that I was able to understand were, Philous Helohem." Klause spoke with a serious expression.

"That’s ancient demonic language... I have learned it. That means ’I will only serve my true God.’ " Rio replied as his expressions turned serious.

"W-What happened ? Is something wrong ?" Klause asked with a confused expression.

"I just had a vision... About someone named, Leon Luster." Rio replied with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259: Your Who ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three Days Ago — Orphanage

Rio, Yuna, and Klause sat huddled together inside their small room, their faces grim.

"...That’s not possible. You must’ve miscalculated," Yuna whispered, her brows furrowed as she stared at Klause.

Klause’s eyes narrowed. "Miscalculated? You’ve cheated off my papers enough to pass your tests. Do you really think I get numbers wrong?"

Yuna bit her lip in nervousness. "B-But... Sister Kole is so kind. How could she ever serve demons ?"

"She does," Klause said coldly.

Before Yuna could argue, Rio suddenly stood. His movements were calm but carried a strange weight that made both of them go silent.

"She’s coming. Hide everything."

Klause’s heart lurched. He scrambled to gather the sheets of parchment and stuffed them into his pocket just as the door creaked open.

"What are you children doing in here?" Sister Kole asked, her expression soft but curious. Her gaze lingered on Yuna.

Without hesitation, Rio leaned back on his bed and spoke casually. "Yuna is teaching Klause what happens between a man and a woman on their wedding night."

"WHAT?!" Yuna, Klause, and Kole shouted at once, their voices echoing off the walls.

Kole’s eyes narrowed. "Yuna... is that true?"

"I-I... Sister, I was just telling him about—"

"Yes," Klause interrupted smoothly, his face composed. "She was explaining how they... hug each other and fall asleep afterward."

Kole’s suspicious look softened into a gentle smile. "Ah, I see. Is that all she told you?"

"Yes," Klause answered without hesitation.

"Then that’s fine." Kole’s voice warmed again. She turned to Yuna. "Come, help me collect the clothes. They should be dry by now."

As she moved to leave, her eyes flicked toward Rio, who was smiling faintly.

"Why are you smiling, Rio?" she asked, curiosity edging her tone.

"Hm? Oh, nothing, Sister. Yuna read me a story this morning," Rio replied with a serene smile. "About a foolish demon who wandered into the Human Kingdom and got himself killed because of his own stupidity. I was just thinking... how stupid demons really are."

For the briefest moment, Kole froze. Then her expression steadied into neutrality. "...I don’t think demons are stupid. I believe everyone acts with purpose."

With that, she left the room.

---

The moment the door closed, Klause’s mask dropped. His voice trembled with urgency.

"You saw that? She didn’t even deny it! Every year fifty children leave this orphanage—but only twenty ever come back. I’ve spoken with each one who returned. They all say only twenty left in the first place. So where do the rest go ?"

His voice cracked. "They’re offering kids to the demons. And because we’re children, they think we won’t notice. But I did. And if we don’t act, we’ll vanish just like the others.

Now, do you want to get eaten by demons ?"

Rio’s voice cut through the fear like a blade. Calm. Absolute. "We leave tonight."

"What? No! You’re insane. Are you really suggesting we run away from the orphanage?" Yuna hissed, panic in her tone.

Klause met her eyes with resolve. "I agree with Rio. If he’s with us... no one can catch us. I mean he can practically see the fiture."

---

Back to the Present

"...And that’s how we escaped the orphanage," Klause said flatly, his eyes locked on Leon.

Leon leaned back in his chair, expression unreadable. "Did you encounter demons when you ran?"

Klause shook his head. "...I didn’t. But he did." He pointed to Rio.

Rio’s blindfolded eyes lifted slightly. His voice was calm, detached. "I saw one. In a vision. But I can’t place the timeline. Whether it already happened, or will happen soon... I don’t know."

Leon’s gaze sharpened. "Elis."

Swish.

"Master." Elis appeared at his side in an instant, kneeling with her head bowed.

"Open the doors," Leon commanded.

"Yes, Master." With a flick of her hand, the entry and exit doors slid open with a heavy thrum.

Leon turned back to the children. His tone was cold, merciless. "Listen. I don’t know if your story is true or not, but if it is—you’ll have to lea—"

"He’s here."

Rio’s voice cut him off. His words froze the room in an instant.

Leon’s eyes narrowed. "...Who?"

"They sent a demon to hunt us," Rio said, his tone flat as steel. "He’s been chasing us for three days straight. No matter where we run, we can’t shake him."

The air grew heavy.

"W-Wait... A demon is chasing us for the last three days ?" Klause and Yuna asked with serious expressions as they looked at Rio.

"Is that why we are continuously moving at night for the last three days ?" Yuna asked with a serious expression.

"I couldn’t tell you guys about it... You would’ve panicked too much." Rio replied with a serious expression.

"We are panicking right now." Yuna spoke with a serious expression.

"Master... A strong monster just entered inside the dungeon." Elis informed as she looked at Leon.

"Hah..." Leon let out a sigh as he looked at Rio.

"Shall I take care of him for you, Master ? Most of the lower demons are obligated to follow my commands." Enid spoke as she looked at Leon.

"Oh wait... I have you. Why am I getting worried ? Let’s go and meet that son of a bitch." Leon spoke with a smile as he wrapped his hand around Enid’s waist and both of them disappeared immediately.

*Swish*

...

Third Floor,

*Swish*

Enid and Leon re-appeared on the third floor and noticed a dark shadow standing on the stairs of the third floor’s entery gate.

"What ? Are you just going to stand there ?" Enid asked as she stepped forward with an arrogant expression.

*Step-step-step*

As soon as the demon stepped forward, Enid’s eyes widened in shock.

"Oh my god..." She spoke with a surprised expression.

As soon as he entered inside the room, Leon noticed that this demon looked exactly like a human and he was also wearing human like clothes.

He had long black hairs tied behind his back, yellow glowing eyes and a very muscular body. He was wearing a very tightly fitted black coat.

"Enid ? What are you doing here ?" He asked with a neutral expression.

"Do you know him ?" Leon asked in a low voice.

"M-My husband..." Enid replied with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260: My turn to hit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

<inspect>

[Name: Grenger Ports]

[Class: Martial Artist]

[Race: Demon]

[Level: 120]

[HP: 5900000/5900000]

[MP: 5000/5000]

[Description: Grenger is one of the best Martial Artist found in the demon kingdom and he is known for his sheer strength.

He is also known by the name ’Bare Handed dragon Killer’. Grenger knows nothing about magic but he knows perfectly well how to fight against it.]

’He has so low mana.... But very high amount of hp. I mean as a martial artist those are common traits to have. Will I win if I fight him ?

I mean I have magic skills that he hasn’t seen before.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he continued to stare at Grenger.

"Why is your slave staring at me, Enid ?" Grenger asked with a Confused expression as he pointed towards Leon.

"You are a fucking asshole... I waited for you to comeback and you never even showed your face for the last five years.

I don’t even understand how you found me." Enid asked in an angry tone as she looked at him.

"I went to search for you in the village but the fairies were roaming inside the village.

So, I understood that you have failed your purpose there and now you are on the run. And what’s the best place for a demon to run than the human kingdom.

I started walking towards the kingdom and noticed a sudden explosion in the sky. I followed it and reached near this forest.

That’s when I sensed another Demon roaming in the forest, a lower class Shadow tracking Demon. I had to kill him but he told me that you are here." Grenger explained as he looked at Enid.

"What the hell do you want Grenger ?" Enid asked with a serious expression.

"What ? Are you serious ? I am here to bring you back to the Demon kingdom so that you have can have our second children." Grenger spoke with a neutral expression.

"W-What ? You are just here so that you can have your second child ?" Enid asked with a shocked expression as she looked at him.

"I mean... That’s what females are for, right ?" Grenger spoke with a smile as he looked at Leon.

But, Leon continued to stare at him with a serious expression.

"Seriously, what the hell is wrong with him ? Why is he staring holes into me ?" Grenger asked with a confused expression.

"He is my master and I have submitted my body to him. No, No, No... Let me say this properly. I am his Cum-Dump and the next baby that comes out of me will be his and only his." Enid spoke with a smile as she walked upto Leon and stood behind him.

"What ? You are kidding me, right ?" Grenger asked with a smile as he looked at Leon.

"Oh she is not kidding..." Leon finally spoke up as he stepped forward and looked him dead in the eyes.

"I will kill you with a flick of my finger, Human." Grenger spoke as he looked at Leon with a serious expression.

"That explosion you saw from the forest... It was me who did it. You are standing in the my dungeon right now... Even if I die, I will make sure to take you down with me and you can ask your wife about it, I am not kidding about it. Mimic..." Leon replied with a serious expression as he used his skill on him.

<Mimic>

[Searching for two strongest Semi-Combat Skill.]

’Since the mimic skill got upgraded, now I can copy two strongest semi-combat skill from my opponent.’ Leon thought as he readed the notification in front of him.

[Skill {Iron Body} and Skill {One-Inch Punch} has been copied successfully.]

"Okay, Okay... Let’s not make this anymore complicated than it has to be. We are both intelligent beings... So, how about a small duel ?" Grenger spoke as he looked at Leon.

’A Duel ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

"We will both fight for exactly ninety seconds... Now, whoever does most damage to the other one in those niney seconds... will win. If you have any questions ask them now or get ready." Grenger spoke as he looked at Leon.

"How hurt are you talking about ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Umm... Let’s say until one of is dead. And I won’t even use any magic but you on the other hand can use as many magic spells you want." Grenger replied with a smile.

’I knew it... He just wants to kill me. It’s time to see how effective is that steelweb Armour after the upgrade.’ Leon thought as he looked at Grenger.

"Master... Are you sure you want to do this ? If you want, I can help you in fighting him. I am sure that both of us together can easily defeat him." Enid spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Leon.

"She is right... Why don’t you two girls attack me at the same time ?" Grenger spoke with a mocking smile as he looked at Leon.

"Enid... Step aside." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he placed his hand over his neck and cracked it a few time before removing his shirt and placing it aside.

"Oh... So, you do have something manly in you huh ?" Grenger asked with a smile as he cracked his knuckles.

"Ready whenever you are." Grenger spoke with a neutral expression as he got ready to defend.

"No, No, No... The first chance shall be given to the weak. You come at me with the first blow and I promise not to move from this place." Leon spoke as a smile appeared over his face.

"You asked for it... stupid human. Thunder Fist..." Grenger spoke as he immediately ran towards Leon and made his hand into a fist.

<Steelweb Armour>

Leon immediately activated his skill and suddenly a pitch black armour covered his whole body.

"An armour won’t save you from this, Human." Grenger spoke as he immediately landed his punch right over Leon’s chest.

*THUD*

The hit was very powerful but Leon didn’t move even an inch from his place, instead a smile appeared over his face as he readed the notification hovering in front of him.

"What the-!?" Grenger spoke with shocked expression as he looked at Leon.

[Physical Reflection has been triggered.]

[250% damage will be reflected on the user’s next physical attack.]

"My turn to hit..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261: What is he doing ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It’s my turn now..." Leon’s lips curved into a cold smile. He clenched his fist, muscles tightening, and drove it straight into Grenger’s chest.

"Take this, bastard."

THUD!

The blow landed.

But nothing happened.

Grenger chuckled, a mocking grin spreading across his face. "That didn’t even tickl—"

[+250% Reflection]

SWISH!

BOOOOOOM!

The air detonated at Leon’s knuckles. A violent shockwave erupted, and Grenger’s grin shattered the instant he felt the force tearing through his ribs.

His body launched backward like a broken arrow, smashing into the wall with earth-shaking impact.

CRASH!

Dust exploded everywhere.

Cough! Cough!

Leon winced, glancing at his own fist. His knuckles were charred and raw, smoke rising from the burn. "Tch... hurts like hell."

"Master, look!" Enid’s urgent voice pulled his gaze forward.

Through the settling dust, a shadow emerged.

Grenger stepped out, blood trailing from the corner of his mouth. His eyes gleamed with savage light.

"You’re strong... or should I say, your armor is." His tone was cold, amused despite the crimson blood staining his lips.

Leon’s eyes narrowed, his stance shifting to defense. "Say whatever you want."

Grenger cracked his neck, smirking. "Steelweb armor. I’ve heard of its ability to reflect both physical and magical force. But this is the first time I’ve seen it in action. I have to say it’s really impressive."

Leon’s mind raced. ’He’s hurt. Not fatally, but enough. I just need to press a little harder and try not to die.’

Grenger’s voice cut through his thoughts. "Let’s test the limits of that reflection, shall we? Let’s see if it reflects first or breaks first..."

<Ghost’s Breath>

Grenger used his skill and immediately vanished into the air as green smoke erupted from his body.

"What—?!"

<Sixth Sense>

Chills crawled up Leon’s spine. His instincts screamed. He ducked low just as a voice whispered behind him.

"Too late." Grenger spoke with a neutral expression as he immediately bent his knee mid-air, adjusting to the hit angle.

’Damn it—Blink!’

<Blink>

Leon vanished.

SWING!

Grenger’s strike ripped through empty air, the force so great it howled.

A moment later, Leon reappeared several meters away, eyes narrowing with sudden realization.

"I see... So you are using teleportation spells huh ?" Grenger asked with a neutral expression.

’Wait teleportation... why am I dodging like an idiot? This is my dungeon. I can teleport anywhere I want.’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

Grenger scowled. "You’ve figured something out... then I’ll just kill you faster."

He disappeared again.

<Sixth Sense>

The attack came from behind once again. This time Leon didn’t dodge. He simply snapped his fingers.

Snap.

"What—?!" Grenger spoke as his fist cut through air again aiming for his head this time— but Leon disappeared from his position in a split second dodging the attack easily.

STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB! STAB!

Five black blades pierced his back in unison.

Grenger’s face remained eerily neutral, even as blood trickled down from his back. "What kind of blades dares pierce my body?"

He reached behind, yanked one of the blade free with terrifying calm. His eyes studied it. "This material is rar—"

But before he finished, the blades ripped from his grip leaving trails of crimson blood, flying back into Leon’s hand.

Leon’s voice was cold and steady. "Ninty, Time’s up. You’re the most injured one I see here."

Grenger’s gaze hardened. He straightened, walking forward despite the wounds. Dust trailed behind him, his steps heavy, deliberate.

Face to face, his eyes locked with Leon’s. The air between them felt like it could shatter.

"You are... different from other humans, a little stronger I have to say" Grenger said evenly. "But remember—you still have one heart and I have six. Next time we meet... it will be a death match and I will show you my true potential."

Leon didn’t flinch. He didn’t even blink. He stood tall, unyielding, his aura pressing back against Grenger’s killing intent.

Grenger smirked one last time before walking past him, climbing the stairs without another word.

...

"Holy shit... You just defeated my husband in a 1v1 duel." Enid spoke with a surprised expression as she walked upto Leon.

’If the match kept going... I would’ve lost in the long run and that’s why I need to make my stronger as soon as possible.’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Looks like your body needs some rest after that duel... Master." Enid spoke with a perverted smile as she immediately tried to grab Leon’s dick but a dark hand immediately grabbed her hand.

"What the-" as soon as Enid looked up she noticed a dark elf standing in front of her with a disgusted expression on her face.

"Fruela..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at her.

"Master... As soon as I heard the commotion, I ran as fast as I can but the floors are so big to cross that it took me-"

"Don’t worry about that... How are the dark Elfs and my family ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"They are absolutely fine, Master." Fruela replied immediately.

"Good Job, show Enid to her floor... I will go and see my family." Leon spoke with a smile.

"What !? But master, I want to come with you." Enid spoke with a sad experience as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah no. Maybe some other day..." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he walked out of the room from the other exit.

"Come... I will show you to the floor." Fruela spoke as she looked at Enid.

"Y-Yes,but master will be back soon, right ?" Enid asked with a neutral expression as she looked at Fruela.

"I don’t know. Master has too much work... I don’t think he will be free until day after tomorrow. Master has to make physical relationships to all these women that he left alone and-" Fruela started replying, but Enid interrupted her mid-sentence.

"W-What ?" Enid asked as her left eye started twitching.

"Yes... Master-" Before Fruela could’ve completed her sentence, Enid disappeared from her grip.

*Swish*

"What the-!?" Fruela looked around completely confused.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262: I will torture you
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

18th Floor, Dungeon...

The children laughed in the corner, clashing their wooden swords in play, while the mothers gathered along the southern wall, their eyes fixed on the demonstration at the center.

"Now... watch carefully." Elaine’s voice was soft yet firm, her lips curved in a patient smile as she tilted the pan. The golden omelette sizzled in oil, the sound sharp and crackling. "As soon as you hear that sound, you have to take the spatula and turn it over gently. If you rush it..." She paused, her wrist moving slow and elegant as she flipped the omelette with practiced ease. "...the oil will fly out and burn your skin."

The aroma of butter and egg filled the room as she lifted the spatula, her movements calm, precise—almost graceful.

"And that," Elaine finished, setting the pan down, "is how you make a proper omelette. Now, it’s your turn." She passed the spatula into the hands of a dark elf girl beside her.

"Thank you for this opportunity, ma’am. I will try my best," the girl said with shining eyes before bowing deeply.

"Okay, okay." Elaine chuckled, exhaling through her nose in tired amusement. "I told you already—you don’t have to bow every single time you learn something from me." She ruffled the girl’s hair lightly, then turned away from the cluster of mothers.

Her expression shifted the moment she left the crowd. The mask of calm slipped, and exhaustion touched her face. Yet as soon as her gaze fell toward the gate, all weariness vanished.

Leaning casually against the frame stood Leon, watching her with that easy smile that made her chest tighten.

"I’m home, Mom," he said warmly in a low voice as he raised his hand and made a ’hi’ gesture with his hand.

Her lips parted in joy. "Leo..." The name left her mouth as a tender breath before she rushed forward and wrapped her arms around him, pressing herself tightly against his body.

*Hug*

"Oh my..." Leon gasped softly when her grip started to tighten.

"I missed you so much." She spoke as she rubbed her face on his chest.

"You’ll break my back if you hug me like that," Leon teased, though his hand slid lower, brazenly cupping her thick ass cheeks and giving it a firm squeeze.

*Squeeze*

Elaine shivered, heat rising instantly in her body.

"Haah... I’ve missed this ass," Leon murmured, his lips close to her ear, his voice low enough for only her to hear.

Her heart skipped. She tilted her head, her smile tender yet mischievous. "What? You didn’t miss me?"

"I mean..." His eyes glinted as his thumb pressed deeper into the curve of her flesh. "...I missed your ass and your boobs. That technically means I missed you."

Elaine laughed softly, cheeks warm, butterflies curling in her stomach. "You sly child." Her hand rose to his face, stroking his cheek with maternal gentleness that contrasted the hunger in her gaze. She drew him in, her lips claiming his with a wet, lingering kiss.

*Chuuuuuuuuuuuu*

The kiss dragged on, their mouths locked, tongues tasting, thirty seconds of unbroken heat until the air itself seemed to thicken around them.

When they parted, her lips were swollen, her breath trembling. "Haaa... That was something I needed for so long," Elaine whispered, eyes shining with a mix of affection and lust.

"The feeling’s mutual," Leon replied, the corner of his mouth lifting into a smirk. "But I hope that isn’t all you wanted..." His gaze dropped knowingly to her boobs, his tone dripping with suggestion.

"You little pervert..." Elaine’s smile turned sultry, her voice husky. "Don’t worry. Mommy will take care of you tonight. I’ve even learned some... very dirty phrases and Selene is also waiting for you."

Her words, heavy with promise, made the air between them spark.

Leon’s grin widened. "I am—"

But before he could finish, the moment shattered.

A sharp, venomous voice cut through the heat of their intimacy.

"Get your hand off my master, bitch."

Both Elaine and Leon turned around.

Enid stood just behind them, her body trembling with fury. Her crimson eyes glowed with a mad, feral light, her lips pulled back in a snarl that bared her teeth. From her fingers, long, razor-sharp claws slid out, gleaming in the dim dungeon light.

Her entire body radiated possessiveness, an unhinged obsession that made the air colder. She wasn’t just angry—she looked ready to tear Elaine apart for the simple crime of touching Leon.

"Umm... Leon, Did that monstrous girl just called me a bitch and you master ?" Elaine asked as she looked at Leon.

"Yeah... I think, I have to talk to that monstrous girl alone for a moment. Wait for me on the last floor, Mom. I will be there soon." Leon spoke as he immediately turned around and started walking towards Enid.

"Okay... But, I will need answers why she called me bitch and an apology. I am the mother of this dungeon’s owner." Elaine spoke as she puffed her cheeks and went down to the 19th floor.

...

"Enid... What the hell are you doing ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he walked upto her.

"Master... No one can touch you except me. How dare that bitch... I will fucking kill her and eat her hear-" Before Enid could’ve completed her sentence, Leon grabbed both of her nipples and gave them a really tight squeeze.

*Squeeze*

"Anhhhhhhhh~ Master." Enid moaned loudly as she immediately returned back to her pathetic slut form and due to her moans all the dark Elfs got distracted from the cooking.

"You are in my dungeon right now, you hear me bitch ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he started twisting her nipples.

*Twist-Twist*

"Anhhhhhh~ Yesss~ Master... I-I understand." Enid replied as her legs started shaking and her pussy started leaking.

"Now... I will fuck anyone I want here and if I saw you baring your fangs or claws at any of my girl, I will personally torture you... Not like this, I will finger fuck your pussy and when you get near to climax, I will stop and I will repeat this same process with my dick until you obey... Do you want me to do that ?" Leon asked as he gave her nipples another twist.

"Anhhhh~ Yessss~ Yesss~ Yessss~ I-I understand master... I will not harm any girl in the dungeon... Anhhhhhh~" Enid shouted as pre-cum started drooling down from her thighs.

[Author: I am sorry for the missed uploads, someone from my family is in the hospital and I am really busy with that. But I will cover up the missed Chapters with multiple uploads in the upcoming days. Thanks for understanding.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263: The game of Dice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Now... Say it again." Leon asked as he looked at Enid with a serious expression, meanwhile Enid stood in front of him like a scared cat.

"I-I shall not harm any girl inside the dungeon that touches or have sex with master or master will punish me by not having any sex with me for the next one week." Enid spoke as she looked at Leon with scared expression.

"Do you want it ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"N-No, Master. I want to have sex with you everytime and kill anyone who gets-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon looked at her with a suspicious expression.

"... I-I meant kill anyone who tries to harm you, Master." Enid spoke immediately changed her tone.

"Good... Now go and look around the dungeon a bit while I have sex with-"

*Clench*

Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Enid clenched both of her hands really tightly and her eyes started shining brightly red.

"Is there a problem ?" Leon asked.

"I-I think something went inside my eyes... I will look around and clean them master." Enid replied with a smile as she started walking up the stairs and as she walked up, she made her hand into a fist and...

*THUD*

... Punched the right wall tightly, leaving a knuckle mark over it.

"Fucking Bitches." She spoke in a low tone as she continued to walk forward.

’Is that what they call ’Yanderes’ ?’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face and he started walking towards the last floor, but he was interrupted again.

"Master..." Elis spoke as she appeared in front of him and bowed down immediately.

"Elis ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Master those human children are requesting a meeting with you, shall I kill them or kick them out of the dungeon ?" Elis asked with a neutral expression.

"Oh yeah... Those kids, I never completed my talk with them. Take me to-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, both of them disappeared.

....

Seventh Floor,

*Swish*

"-to them. And... We are already here." Leon spoke as he looked at the kids sitting in one corner of the room.

"Mr. Leon... You are back." Klause spoke as he stood up and looked at Leon with a smile.

"Yeah, our little chat was interrupted by a demon last time... So, as I was saying that-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Leon stood up.

"Mr. Leon... Please re-consider your decision, I am sure that we can be of some use to you. I mean I can practically see the future... I can be really useful in battles." Rio spoke as he looked at Leon.

"You see many futures at once, how can I be sure which one to trust ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Rio.

"When me and Klause were six years old, we used to play this game where I would tell him six possible future possibilities and he would think for a few seconds and guess which one of the possibility is going to happen and do you know how many time he was wrong ?" Rio asked as he looked at Leon with a smile.

"How many ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Zero. He always predicted the right outcome by calculating the things happening around us. You see... He would look for little things that are happening in every future and compare them to the present and the one with the most identical scenarios would be the right answer." Rio replied with a smile.

"Okay... So, what ? If you tell me the futures, I can also compare the details and tell you the right outcome." Leon replied with a smile.

"Since you have already questioned my friend’s intelligence.... Why don’t I just prove it to you ?" Rio asked with a smile.

"Please... do so." Leon replied.

"I will tell you three possible future outcomes, Mr. Leon and you will have to tell me which one is correct before Klause does.

Do you accept it ?" He asked.

"Bring it on...." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he bent his knees and let go of his body, but before he could’ve fell down to the floor, Elis moved her fingers a bit and suddenly a throne made out of stone emerged out of the floor in a split second.

Leon sat down on it and looked at Rio with a smile.

"Very well... Please take a good look at this..." Rio spoke as he showed a dice to Leon that only had three numbers written all over it, two ones, two twos and two threes.

"I will roll this dice and it will make exactly three possibilities... But, even I am uncertain which one will be true...

So, I will just tell both of you about it.

Now... I will role this dice with my middle finger in one future, where it will role twice in my hand and three times on the floor, the result will be a Three.

In the second future, I will role the dice with my index finger while a drop of sweat fells down from my head’s right side and it will role only twice on the floor, giving the result a two.

In the third future, I will role the dice with any of my fingers and blink my eyes twice before throwing, but I will throw it in other direction due to some unknown reason and a One will role out.

You two have thirty seconds and then I will role the dice.

"Two.... The dice will roll down on two." Leon replied with a smile.

"No... It will roll One, You are holding the dice in left hand means you will throw it side ways and the probability of the dice falling down on one is high because we can’t see your eyes blinking and that means third future is a fake future.

The second one Is also impossible because the temperature of this dungeon is so stable that you can’t sweat. That eliminates the second one as well." Klause spoke so fast that Leon couldn’t even start to think properly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264: Invite him to Dinner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You’re good... I’ll admit that." Leon’s lips curved into a faint smile as his eyes lingered on Klause.

Klause hesitated, his shoulders stiff. "So... will you let us stay here?"

Leon tilted his head, suspicion flashing in his gaze. "Is that all you want?"

Yuna stepped forward before Klause could answer. Her expression was calm but her voice carried weight. "We need supplies to cook, clothes to wear, and other necessities if we’re to live here, Sir."

Leon’s expression didn’t waver. "I’ll accept your terms. You can stay—thirty days. But if, in that time, you can’t prove your worth to me, I’ll throw you out myself. Is that acceptable, or would you rather leave now ?"

Rio stepped forward with a small bow. His smile was firm, resolute. "We accept, Sir. If we fail to prove our worth within five days, I’ll lead my friends out of your dungeon without troubling you further. You have my word."

"Good." Leon’s tone was calm, decisive. "I’ll take my leave now. Later, someone will come to note down your needs. For now... Elis, tell Fruela to bring them some food.

The food comes straight from forest and it’s made by dark Elfs downstairs... So, if you have some kind of grudge against Elfs, you have to stay hungry tonight." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"W-We don’t hold grudges... Sir." Klause replied with a hesitated expression.

"Elis... Go and tell Fruela."

"I will see to it at once, Master." Elis bowed deeply and immediately disappeared.

Klause clasped his fists, his voice filled with determination. "We won’t disappoint you, Sir."

Leon’s smile sharpened as he looked at him. "Heh..." Without another word, Leon also vanished.

---

Royal Palace — King Adwin’s Chamber.

The candlelight flickered softly against the chamber’s stone walls. A man in his forties sat on the bed, his long silver hair slipping through his fingers as he twirled a strand absently. In his other hand rested a wooden box, unassuming yet strange.

"How the hell am I supposed to open this? Why would he send a message in such a thing?" Adwin turned the box over and over, searching for a seam or keyhole.

After a moment, his sharp eyes caught a small wooden switch protruding just slightly. He pressed it immediately and...

Click. Click. Click.

The gears inside whirred. The box unfolded, revealing a small crystal ball.

Adwin slowly took it out and fed a stream of stable mana into it.

Swish.

A hologram burst into existence—faint light painting the room. A young man appeared, silver hair gleaming, a blood-red sword clutched in one hand, and the severed head of a demon dangling from the other.

"Father... I’m in the southern valleys of the demon kingdom. It isn’t looking good." His voice trembled with fatigue. "For every demon we kill, three more appear.

Their army is vast—too vast. Twelve of our royal generals have already fallen. Our platoons are shattered into pieces. If they march on the kingdom right now... it’s finished for all of us.

Father, I think it’s time. Speak to mom. This war isn’t only against humans anymore. It won’t be easy and—"

The young man’s head snapped to the side. "We’re being attacked... I have to go— Long live the king!"

The hologram flickered and vanished.

Grip.

Adwin’s fingers tightened around the crystal until cracks spread across its surface.

Crack. Crack. Crack.

It shattered into dust in his palm.

Adwin rose slowly and walked upto a nearby mirror, his reflection stared back at him from the mirror. Wrinkles lined his stern face, and his voice was heavy with regret. "If only I weren’t this old..."

He opened a drawer. Inside, dozens of similar crystals gleamed on a bed of red silk. He picked one up, fed it mana, and a glowing white screen shimmered above it.

He drew in a long breath, his eyes hardening. "I am Adwin, the thirteenth king of Humans. This message is for a call to arms. The meeting will be held in three days. It will be neither in the Human Kingdom nor in the Elf Kingdom. The enemy comes for all of us this time. Frey... it’s time we settled our disputes."

The glow faded as the crystal stopped recording.

Adwin sighed, moving to the window. He pushed it open, cold night air flooding in.

WHISTLEEEEEEEE.

A shadow descended from the rooftop—a winged beast, dragon-like yet very small in size, its emerald eyes glowing in the dark.

"Draco... take this to Frey and tell her that this is not a surrender message." Adwin spoke as he raised the crystal.

"Yes, Master." The creature’s voice rumbled as it took the crystal in its beak and soared into the cold and cloudy sky with rapid speed.

The king closed the window, slipped into a robe of fine silk from the wardrobe and exited the room at once.

When he stepped into the corridor, a man dressed entirely in black was already waiting there.

"Tell me everything, Dredis." Adwin asked with a smile as he pulled out a cigar from the silk robe’s pocket and Dredis lit it up with fire magic immediately.

The man bowed, his words clipped and steady. "My king... the explosion was caused by a man who calls himself Michael Jackson, the King of the South.

He met Sir Charles at Truvale Checkpost and now hides in a dungeon at the entrance of the forest. Say the word, and we’ll march in immediately and capture him at once." Dredis spoke with a neutral expression.

"Dredis... If someone invaded your house, how will you feel ? Will you welcome them with a hot beverage or kick them out ?" Adwin asked with a smile as he took a puff out of the cigar.

"I would most likely kill them, my king." Dredis replied with a neutral expression.

"You won’t like it. That’s what I am saying... Now, send him a formal invite for the noble party tomorrow night.

I will talk to him there... This man drove a huge hole through the dark sky and revealed the suns, there aren’t many in this kingdom who can do that.

I want to establish an alliance with him not make another enemy for this kingdom. Do you understand ?" Adwin asked with a smile.

"As you say, My king. I will deliver the message immediately." Dredis replied as he bowed and disappeared.

*Puff-Puff*

’This winter hasn’t been kind on the kingdom.... Hope it ends soon.’ Adwin thought as he took another puff from the cigar and walked away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265: Let’s test the beds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Last Floor, Dungeon...

*Swish*

Leon stepped onto the last floor and immediately stopped dead in his tracks.

The place was unrecognizable.

Massive closets lined the southern wall, their polished wood gleaming faintly in the dungeon’s light. Near the bathtub, a dragon’s head was carved from wood, its open maw pouring a steady stream of warm water into the tub, steam rising and curling through the air.

The hard, cold stone slabs that once passed for beds were gone, replaced with proper wooden frames and thick, fluffy mattresses that looked fit for royalty.

Leon narrowed his eyes.

’What the hell ? Am I on the wrong floor ?’ He thought with a confused expression.

"What the hell happened here?" he muttered aloud, scanning the room.

"Leon... you’re here." The familiar voice made him turn sharply.

Olga came sprinting toward him, her long hair trailing behind her. Before he could even react, she leapt into his arms like a wild squirrel, hugging him so tight his balance almost broke. Her soft, squishy breasts flattened against his chest, her warmth sinking into him instantly.

Leon’s lips curled into a perverted grin.

"Hello, dear." His hands slid down on her smooth back, grabbing both of her ass-cheeks with no hesitation.

SQUEEZE—SQUEEZE

"Anhhh~" Olga moaned shamelessly, arching her back as her hips twitched under his grip.

Her eyes sparkled with the same perverted hunger he wore on his face.

"Looks like your ass got bigger..." Leon teased, kneading her ass-cheeks.

"You think so?" Olga asked, her voice dripping with temptation.

Leon chuckled, his fingers digging in tighter. "Guess I’ll have to test that tonight by checking your body throughly."

Squeeze

"Ahhnn~ Leon... where have you been? I was missing you so much..." Olga whined, pressing her face against his neck with a pout that only made him want to fuck her immediately.

"I was out on some business, but I am here now" Leon replied, smirking as he kissed her lips slowly.

His eyes flicked around the room again. "But tell me, what the hell happened here while I was gone? This place looks completely different."

"Oh, right..." Olga tilted her head back, still wrapped around him.

"Your mother and sister called that man from upstairs. They ordered him to being mattresses from the kingdom and made him craft wooden things for us. I don’t remember his name though... I think it was Pie or Something like that."

"Kai?" Leon corrected, raising an eyebrow.

"Yes! That’s it. Kai. He carved all sorts of things—combs, chairs, closets. Even that dragon fountain for the bath. Not bad, right? You’re not angry, are you?" Olga asked with a hesitated expression.

Leon’s eyes roamed the room once more. "No... actually, it looks better than before."

Olga’s lips twisted into a sly, lustful grin. She leaned close, her hot breath brushing against his ear. "So... what are you planning to do with my filthy, lustful body tonight?"

Leon smirked, opening his mouth to answer. "Well—"

But another voice cut him off like a knife.

"I don’t think he’s planning to do anything with your useless body tonight," Elaine’s cold voice rang out from behind. Leon turned his head just in time to see her walking into view, her eyes sharp and full of jealousy as they locked onto Olga.

"Because he’ll be busy with us instead."

"Yeah, she’s right," Selene’s sweet, teasing voice followed right after. She walked up beside Elaine, her hands shamelessly pressing against her own swollen boobs.

"My boobs are so full of milk, they’ll burst if he doesn’t suck them right now." Her lips curled into a playful smile as she stared straight at Leon.

"Hello, Sis..." Leon replied with a perverted grin.

"Selene!" Elaine’s face turned red in an instant. She glared at her, flustered. "Don’t talk so dirty right now!"

"Fine, fine," Selene giggled, but her eyes never left Leon. "But I’m serious. They’re heavy... they hurt... and I want his special massage on them. Right now."

"Hey... That’s not fair, I saw him first and I have bigger boobs than you. If Leon impregnated me, my boobs will also start making milk and they will grow even bigger.

You want bigger boobs that produce milk right ?" Olga asked as she looked at Leon.

"I really do..." Leon replied as his dick got hard and poked at olga’s stomach through his pants.

"Good... Then impregnate me." Olga replied with a smile.

’That I don’t want right now.’ Leon thought with neutral expression.

"Okay, Okay... Now that you have tried to seduce my son, back off bitch." Elaine spoke with a serious expression.

"Calm down... Calm down... Even if all three of you came at me once, I am pretty sure you can’t exhaust me." Leon spoke with a perverted smile.

"Oh... I would like to see that very much." Selene spoke with a smile.

"I was just joking... I will deal with mom and you first and then I will take care of you dear." Leon spoke as he looked at Olga.

"But... I hugged you first." Olga spoke with a pouted face as she looked at Leon.

"No, mom hugged me first. When we met on the 18th floor." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Olga.

"But... Ugh, Fine. But you will be done with them fast right ? Because I will give you so much more..." Olga spoke in a seductive voice as she placed her hand over Leon’s hard cock and started stroking it slowly.

"I will see you after two hours and don’t try to seduce me. You naughty slut." Leon spoke with a smile as he slowly grabbed her hand and pulled it away from his dick.

"Fine... But, you will have to stay with me for two hours as well." Olga spoke as she looked at Leon with a pout face.

"You can’t take two minutes when I fuck your pussy... How will you take two hours ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I-I will do it... Just come when you are done with them." Olga spoke as she immediately walked away.

"Hah... Now, ladies. Let’s go and test how good are those beds." Leon spoke as he grabbed both of their asses with his hands and all three of them started walking towards the beds.

[Regular Updates from tomorrow. More Chapters as well, thanks for sticking up.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266: Mom has to keep up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Now... which one should I start with?" Leon asked with a crooked, lust-filled grin, his eyes burning into Elaine as if he was already tearing her clothes off.

"Obviously, it should be—" Elaine began, her voice husky as she stepped closer, her hips swaying, eyes glowing with lust but...

"Me," Selene interrupted sharply, her tone dripping with hunger as she suddenly slid between them.

She pressed her soft tits against Leon’s chest and looped her arms over his shoulders, staking her claim without hesitation.

"Hey... you can’t do this to me," Elaine spat, her face tight, voice sharp, though her flushed cheeks betrayed her own arousal.

Leon’s smile dropped into a dark glare. ’Now this is going to be fun.’

"Mom... My boobs are about to explode, I need him to suck on them right now. You will suck on your sister’s boobs, right ?" Selene asked in a seductive tone as she immediately pulled the lace of her bodice and her huge swollen boobs spilled out, with milk leaking out of her nipples.

"Okay... That’s not going to happen, I am-"

"Enough," Leon shouted, his tone heavy with authority.

"Both of you—strip. Then get your naked asses on that bed."

Elaine froze, her eyes widening. "B-Both of us? But... but isn’t that shameful? For a mother and daughter to strip naked in front of each other and—" Her words faltered as she saw their stares.

Selene’s mocking smirk and Leon’s cold, judging eyes cut through her hesitation.

Selene leaned in closer to Leon, her lips curling. "She was the one begging me for dirty lines a few days ago... just so she could seduce you."

Leon didn’t even blink. "I know. She confessed upstairs while I squeezed her ass cheeks."

Elaine’s whole body shivered with heat, shame mixing with raw lust. "Tch... fuck it. My body’s burning... I can’t wait anymore, if she is showing her boobs... I will also show my body," she growled, her face flushed scarlet as she clawed at her bodice.

With a rough yank she pulled it open, and her huge tits burst free like wild beasts—swinging, bouncing violently, heavy flesh shaking as her stiff nipples stood tall, fat and swollen, surrounded by light-brown areolas that looked ready to be devoured.

Boing—Boing—Boing—Boing

"Fucking hell..." Leon muttered under his breath, his eyes glued to the obscene jiggle.

"Hey... You were about to suck on my boobs." Selene spoke as she grabbed her boobs and rubbed them over Leon’s lips but she couldn’t get his attention.

Elaine didn’t stop there. She popped open her skirt and let it fall down her legs with a wet shhh, exposing her soaked panties.

The purple fabric clung tight to her pussy, crotch soaked dark with sweat and cum, the outline of her slit showing clearly. Black curls of hair poked shamelessly from the sides.

Her breath was ragged as she looked at Leon with a lusty smile then turned around and flaunted her huge ass-cheeks in front of him.

She then hooked her fingers into the waistband, gave her ass-cheeks a good twerk and ripped the panties down in one desperate pull.

Pull

Her fat, juicy cunt spilled into view—puffy, wet folds glistening with arousal, the scent of raw musk flooding the room. The thick heat rolling off it hit Leon like a punch, reeling him in with its raw, dripping hunger.

Elaine spread her legs wider, flashing everything without shame, her voice breaking into a desperate moan. "Leo... Come to mommy."

"H-Hey... h-how did she—" Selene stammered, her voice breaking as her eyes locked on her mother. She looked stunned, unable to understand how Elaine, her own mother, had learned to act so filthy, so seductive.

"Yeah... I’ll deal with you later," Leon muttered with a wicked grin, his attention glued to Elaine as he stepped toward her like a predator closing in on prey.

"Damn it, Mom..." Selene growled under her breath, frustration burning in her face as her hands moved on their own. She ripped at her clothes, peeling them away piece by piece, baring her body in a rush to not be left behind.

Slap!

Leon’s palm crashed against Elaine’s ass, the sound sharp and obscene. Her massive cheeks rippled under the force, bouncing like waves before settling back into his grip.

Grab—Squeeze

He dug his fingers into the thick flesh, kneading it hard, owning her completely. Elaine arched her back, letting out a shameless moan, and glanced back at him with sultry eyes.

"Do you like Mommy’s ass?" she purred, her voice dripping filth. She caught his wrist with her soft hand and slowly dragged it upward.

She pressed his palm against her boob, making him grope her heavy tit.

Squeeze

Leon’s fingers sank deep into the hot, pliant flesh. Her nipple was stiff and fat, poking against his palm as he kneaded her like dough.

"You’ve really turned into a slutty mother, huh?" Leon whispered with a smirk, his lips brushing her ear before he exhaled a hot breath across her skin.

"Ahnnnhhh~!" Elaine’s knees trembled, her voice breaking into a needy moan. "My pussy’s begging, Leo... It’s begging for your cock. Touch it—please, touch my desperate pussy~!"

Leon grinned, pulling his other hand off her ass. Slowly, deliberately, he slid it down her belly and between her thighs. His fingers brushed through the soft curls of black pubic hair before parting them aside and reaching deeper.

Slide

His fingertips pressed into her swollen lips, thick and wet with lust. The heat of her cunt washed over his hand, sticky and desperate, clinging to his touch as if sucking him in.

"Fuck... you really learned some nasty seduction tricks," Leon muttered with a crooked smile, rubbing her pussy lips with slow, deliberate strokes. "You practiced all this just to seduce me ?"

Elaine’s lips hovered close to his, her eyes hazy with lust. "Mmmhhh... in order to keep up with those young sluts around you... I have to be even filthier," she whispered, her breath hot, her tongue flicking against her lips as she leaned in to kiss him.

Leon’s dick immediately created a tent in his pants.

"Okay.... That’s it, You are getting fucked right now." Leon spoke as he immediately opened his pants and his dick swirled up with full speed, hitting her pussy lips tightly from below.

*Slap*

"Anhhhh~ your dick just slapped my pussy~" Elaine moaned as she started rubbing her pussy over Leon’s thick and long dick.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267: Big Sister
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon is now grinding his dick in between Elaine’s thighs and against her thick pussy lips.

"Don’t tease mommy like that... My pussy is going to get really wet if you do that." Elaine spoke with a smile as she turned to look at Leon with a perverted smile.

"I like that dirty mouth of yours... Mommy." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he immediately squeezed both of her boobs tightly and tugged her nipples.

*SQUEEZE-SQUEEZE*

*Pull-Pull*

"Anhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhhh~"

As soon as he squeezed her boobs and pulled her nipples, Elaine’s pussy felt a wave of arousal.

"D-Don’t tease me anymore... Leo." Elaine spoke with a red face as her body’s temperature started to rise up.

"Then get on all fours on that bed and beg for my cock, Mom. Maybe I will give you a pounding that you will never forget." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he pulls his cock out of her thighs.

"Yess~" Elaine replied as she immediately walked upto the bed, her thick ass-cheeks jiggling up and down with every step she took forward.

*Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing*

As soon as she went down on all fours, Elaine immediately lowered her back to the maximum possible angle and raised her ass as high as possible.

Her pussy lips immediately opened up as if trying to speak to Leon. Pre-cum was flowing out of it like a broken fountain and then she started jiggling and twerking them up and down.

"Leo... Mommy’s pussy is really wet, I need your cock to stop all this leaking water from it.

Please seal it up with your thick and fat cock... Plea-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Elaine felt Leon’s hands grabbing her jiggling ass.

*GRAB*

"You are one perverted mother... Take this..." Leon spoke as he immediately rammed his dick deep into her pussy.

Leon’s dick hitted her womb and touched her belly button from inside.

"ANHHHHHHHH~ YOU ARE CRUSHING MY WOMBBBBBBB~ FUCKKKKKK~" Elaine shouted loudly as her eyes rolled into the middle and tongue rolled out like some broken slut.

Her ass started jiggling over Leon’s dick automatically and her pussy walls started to wrap around his dick like some snake with a very strong grip.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Without wasting another second, Leon started pounding her tight pussy, while crushing her womb mercilessly.

"Anhhhhhh~ Anhhh~ Yesss~ Crush mommy’s womb and fuck her hardddddd~" Elaine shouted as she grabbed the bedsheet tightly and even bited on it.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Leon continued to fuck Elaine for the next thirty minutes without any stops and he fucked her in several poses.

Doggy style, Missionary, reverse cowgirl and many other poses.

Elaine listened to every single order that Leon gave her, took every pose that he instructed and he made her cum in each and every pose.

Thirty minutes later...

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Anhh~ Mnhh~ Yesss~ Fuckkk~"

Elaine is now being pressed against the wall, her left leg on the ground and right leg resting over Leon’s shoulder.

Leon’s cock pounded her pussy non-stop like a piston.

"Fuckkkk... I am cumming." Leon spoke as he increased his pounding speed.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Elaine who was barely holding onto her consciousness after cumming so many times started to feel her womb getting crushed once again by Leon’s dick.

"ANHHHH~ ANHHHHHH~ ANHHHH~ LEOOOOO~ YOU ARE GOING TO BREAK MOMMY’S PUSS-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon grabbed her mouth and sucked her lips as hard as he can while emptying his balls deep inside her womb.

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTT~*

Elaine’s eyes turned white as both of her mouths got blocked and her pussy got pumped full of thick white semen.

She immediately lost her consciousness but her pussy gave her one last orgasm with cum squirting out like a broken faucet.

"Haaa~ That was refreshing..." Leon spoke as he pulled his dick out of her pussy and noticed that his cum was flowing out and it was very thick.

’What the hell ? I didn’t realise that I was holding back this much cum in my balls. I have to empty them more frequently or they will burst out.’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

He grabbed Elaine’s unconscious body and turned around, but as soon as he turned around...

He noticed Selene standing behind him, completely naked. Her milk jugs swollen and milk flowing out of them like crazy, it was dripping down to her pubic hairs.

Her face was completely red and her expression was desperate... The amount of pre-cum coming out of her pussy and flowing alongside her thighs was crazy.

"Woah... What happened to you ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"W-What happened to me ?" Selene asked with a very angry and desperate expression.

"Yes..." Leon spoke as he placed Elaine on the bed and immediately Selene grabbed Leon’s shoulders.

"My boobs are about to burst from all the extra milk they are producing because you started giving me that damn addictive massage.

For the past one week, I am filling mugs of raw milk and throwing it out.... Now when you came back, instead of fucking me, you started fucking mom.

Do you have any idea how hard it is to keep my hands away from my pussy while you are gone ?" Selene asked as she pressed her boobs against Leon’s chest and her milk started to come out with just a little pressure on nipples.

"Why didn’t you use your hands ?" Leon asked in a teasing voice.

"Because my fingers can’t even give me one percent satisfaction compared to what your dick gives me, Brother~" Selene spoke as she immediately kissed Leon on his lips.

*Chuuuuuuuuuuu*

Leon also started to kiss her back and both of their tongues engaged in a heated exchange of saliva.

Leon slided his hands down to her boobs and placed his thumb over her nipples in order to stop the milk from getting wasted.

"Mnhhhh~" Selene’s whole body twitched like crazy as soon as she felt Leon’s touch on it.

"Haa~" Both of them finally let go of each other’s lips and a single string of saliva connected their mouths.

"Listen to me... Now, you are going to fuck your big sister’s pussy without any mercy just like you did with mother and suck the hell out of my nipples.

Drink as much milk as you want and even if I go unconscious... I want you to keep fucking me, do you understand ?" Selene asked with a very desperate and seductive tone as she looked at Leon.

"Yes, Big sister." Leon replied with a perverted expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268: I don’t talk to servants
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Slap–Slap–Slap–Slap*

*Ahh~ Ahh~ Ahh~*

The air around the chamber pulsed with heat.

Leon moved with a rough rhythm, each motion full of hunger that burned through the space between them. Selene’s breath hitched with every movement, her body arching to meet him.

His dick slammed deeper and deeper into pussy, the tension between them thick and alive, every sound soaked in lust and greed.

Both of them are fucking for the last 40 minutes without any stops and Selene came over fifteen times, but instead of getting tired she seems to enjoy it even more.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Anhhh~ Yess~ Keep fucking my pussy and sucking on my nipples. I love your mouth, your hands and your dick..." Selene spoke with a smile as she immediately pushed Leon down on the bed and started slamming her ass over his dick like a hungry slut.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Oh yessssss~" Selene moaned loudly.

’Hmm... Looks like she won’t be exhausted like this.’ Leon thought as he immediately used his skill.

<Lust Bite>

As soon as the skill was activated, he slightly pressed his teeth against Selene’s nipple and she felt a wave of lust and arousal rushing through her brain and down to her pussy.

’Haha... Her pussy tightened immediately.’ Leon thought as he immediately smacked her on the ass tightly.

*Slap*

"ANHHHHHH~ YESSSS~" Selene moaned even louder as her eyes started to close.

Leon immediately grabbed her other boob and started sucking on both of them together while biting on her nipples.

*Bite*

"Anhhhhhhh~ My nipplesssss~ feel so gooddd~" Selene moaned as she lost control of her body and her pussy’s motion slowed up.

’Time to take control...’ Leon thought with a perverted smile as he immediately grabbed her ass-cheeks and squeezed them tightly while throwing her back on the bed.

*Thud*

"Fuckkk~" Selene moaned as her eyes closed completely and her body started to curl up with every thrust of Leon’s dick.

But Leon showed no mercy, he raised both of her legs up in the air, grabbed her thighs tightly and continued to pound her pussy like a sex crazed animal.

*Slap-Slap-Slap-Slap*

"Anhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhh~ slowwww~ Pleaseeeee~ you are going to break my pussy~" Selene moaned as she felt even more pleasure.

"You were slamming your pussy ony dick just a moment ago, sis. What happened now ? Why are you doing it now ?" Leon asked with perverted smile as he grabbed her left tit and gave it a tight squeeze while biting on the areola.

*Squeeze*

*Bite*

"ANHHHHHHH~ MY BOOOBSSSS~" Selene moaned loudly as her thighs twitched immediately.

"Fuck... I am cumming." Leon spoke as he immediately increased the speed of his dick.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhh~ Anhhhh~ ANHHHH~ ANHHHHHH~ I AM ALSO ANHHHHH~ CUMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG~" Selene shouted loudly as she immediately felt Leon’s dick pushing with full force on the back wall of her womb.

*SQUIRT-SQUIRT*

Selene squirted cum just like her mother and fainted immediately, Leon’s dick filled her womb upto the brim and after a few seconds, his cum started flowing out of her pussy.

"Phew~ Finally..." Leon spoke with a smile as he tapped his dick against her pussy a little then walked upto her face.

"Sorry, Darling... But, I need a cleaning job after this." Leon spoke with a smile as he immediately inserted his cock inside Selene’s mouth and even though she was unconscious, her tongue started moving around Leon’s tip automatically.

"Wow... She really is a cock hungry bitch." Leon spoke with a perverted smile.

After cleaning up his dick, Leon immediately pulled it out...

"Now, time to move to the other side of the room and fuck some more puss-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, Elis appeared before him.

"Master..."

"Didn’t I tell you not to disturb me Elis unless it’s really urgent ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"It is urgent master... There is a man who has entered inside the dungeon." Elis replied with a serious expression.

"Another Demon ?" Leon asked as he looked at Elis with a serious expression.

"No master... It’s a single human this time, a rather powerful one. He opened the iron doors with his bare hands." Elis informed.

’A strong human who opened the gates with his bare hands ?’ Leon thought for a second.

"Is he an adventurer ? What is he wearing ?" He asked.

"White silk shirt, a black coat made out of very fine cloth and leather pants. He also has an emblem on his chest’s left side, two swords crossing each other and a crown floating over them.

’The Royal Emblem... Someone from the Royal castle is here. How did they even find the dungeon ?

Are they here to take over the dungeon ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression for a very short time before making his decision.

"Let’s go and meet him on the first floor..." Leon spoke as he wore his clothes, pulled out his handkerchief and covered his face with it.

Leon immediately disappeared and re-appeared on the eighteenth floor,

"Fruela... I want you to come with me." Leon spoke as he looked at Fruela.

"Yes, Master." Fruela replied as she immediately walked upto Leon without any other questions.

"Where is dusk ?" Leon asked as he looked at Elis.

"He is on the fifth floor, Master." Elis replied immediately.

"Tell him to meet us on the first floor..." Leon ordered as he disappeared immediately with Fruela.

"Yes, Master." Elis replied a she also disappeared.

...

First floor,

"Hmm... I can’t see anything. Is anyone here, Hello ?" Dredis asked as he continued to walk forward.

*Boop*

Suddenly, a torch lit up in distance... Revealing a figure standing right next to it.

"Hi... Are you-" Before dredis could’ve completed his sentence, A dagger appeared under his neck.

"Oh...." Dredis spoke with a neutral expression as he stood silently and and looked at the dagger’s sharp purple blade.

"Why are you here ?" Fruela asked with a serious expression as she pressed the blade against Dredis’ throat.

"I don’t talk to servants... I believe the individual standing there is your master." Dredis spoke as he pointed towards Leon.

"What do you want ?" Leon asked from distance as he looked at Dredis with a serious expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269: Eclipsemora
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

<inspect>

[Name: Dredis Valford]

[Class: Assassin]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 67,000 / 67,000]

[MP: 79,000 / 79,000]

[Description: Dredis Valford is a highly skilled assassin who relies more on magic than physical prowess to execute his targets. His body is adorned with numerous enchanted artifacts that amplify his mana to unnatural levels. However, the same artifacts burden him with a heavy weakness — his physical defense is very fragile, leaving him vulnerable to direct physical assaults.

He serves as the official royal messenger of King Adwin, the ruler of the Human Kingdom.]

---

’Hmm... An assassin who uses magic to kill his targets. Now that’s interesting,’ Leon thought as he stepped forward. The air around him grew dense; shadows stretched and flickered along the stone walls as the torches mounted upon them ignited one by one, following his movement like a living flame trail.

His boots echoed across the dungeon floor as he stopped just a few steps away from the stranger. Behind him, the blades of Nyxter floated silently, cloaked in darkness, their edges glinting faintly like predator eyes waiting to strike.

Dredis spotted the blades immediately but didn’t speak anything.

"What do you want?" Leon asked, his tone calm but carrying the weight of authority.

Instead of replying, Dredis suddenly dropped to one knee. His head lowered until his forehead nearly touched the cold ground, his voice carrying a mixture of reverence and submission as he spoke.

"I greet Your Majesty... the King in the South."

Leon’s brows furrowed slightly.

"Wha—" he began, but then the memory of his conversation with Charles resurfaced in his mind.

’What the fuck is happening? Is he with Charles? Did Charles find out about the dungeon? No... I made sure I wasn’t being followed. Then how the hell did he—’

Before the thought could finish, a deep, rumbling voice echoed from behind him.

"Master, have you summoned me?"

Leon’s body stiffened as he turned his head toward the source. In the darkness, two enormous blue eyes glowed — brighter, sharper, and far more intense than before.

’What the—’

Then came the sound of claws scraping stone, and a massive black paw stepped into the torchlight.

---

<inspect>

[Name: Dusk]

[Race: Eclipsemora]

[HP: 250,000 / 250,000]

[Mana: 500,000 / 500,000]

[Description: A rare and ferocious creature that evolves from the Shadow-Velmora when exposed to an extremely mana-dense environment.

The Eclipsemora is a near-mythical predator that cannot be tamed easily, capable of moving unseen even in the darkest corners of the abyss. It possesses unmatched speed in short bursts, and its fangs secrete a paralysis-inducing liquid that acts within seconds.]

---

’He evolved...’ Leon’s lips curved into a slow, satisfied smile.

Dredis, however, froze in place. His eyes widened to their limits, breath catching as he felt an invisible pressure crushing down upon him. His entire body broke into goosebumps as his instincts screamed at him to flee. The creature before him was not something that should exist in the mortal realm.

Dusk padded forward, each step heavy yet eerily silent, and sat down behind Leon, his piercing blue eyes never leaving Dredis’s trembling form.

It was as if he was staring into Dredis’ soul ready to kill him in a blink.

"I–Is that... an E–Eclipsemora?" Dredis stammered, barely managing to find his voice.

"It is," Leon replied flatly, his expression unreadable.

"I–I thought they were just myths," Dredis continued nervously. "Stories to scare hunters. I always wished to see one but—"

Leon cut him off sharply. "Why are you here? And how did you enter my dungeon?" His tone was colder now, each word precise and deliberate.

Dredis straightened his back slightly and hurriedly reached into his cloak, retrieving a sealed scroll. "Ah, yes! My apologies, sir. I truly meant no intrusion. I am here with a message from my king." He extended the scroll forward with both hands.

’A message from the king himself?’ Leon thought, his gaze narrowing as he accepted it. The parchment was bound in royal blue wax marked with the sigil of the Human Kingdom. Breaking the seal, he unrolled it and skimmed the content.

It was an invitation — to a royal function held within the Royal Castle.

’Why the fuck am I being invited to a royal event? Is it because I’ve been posing as a king? Or... because of the dungeon?’ Leon mused, silently passing the scroll to Fruela without showing any emotion.

"You may go," he said finally, turning away.

"Will you attend, sir?" Dredis asked, his head still bowed low.

Leon stopped mid-step. "Hmm...? I thought you were a messenger. Or did your king order you to return with my reply?" His voice dropped into a darker tone that carried across the chamber.

Dredis flinched, realizing his mistake. "I–I’m sorry for my insolence, sir. I’ll leave immediately."

"Wait," Leon said, stepping closer until he stood just inches from the assassin. The sudden proximity made Dredis tense up, his throat dry.

"Y–Yes, sir?" he asked hesitantly.

Leon’s voice was calm but filled with quiet menace. "If anyone from the Royal Castle or the Royal Family dares to step into this dungeon without my permission again — I don’t care who they are — even if they’re remotely connected to the Royal Family... I will blow up the entire Human Kingdom."

---

<Bluff>

Dredis froze. The expression on his face hardened as the fear in his eyes shifted to something colder — pride. "Are you... threatening my king, sir?" he asked, his voice low, but his tone steady.

Leon didn’t even blink. "No. I’m giving you a statement. You’re free to test whether it’s a bluff or not."

Their gazes locked in silence for several seconds — until Dredis finally lowered his eyes.

"I understand. I will deliver your words to His Majesty. Once again, I apologize for entering your dungeon without permission." He bowed deeply, turned, and began to walk away, his figure slowly swallowed by the darkness.

"Master," Fruela spoke softly once Dredis disappeared from sight. "Should I follow him?"

Leon’s eyes remained on the tunnel. "No. Dusk — you go."

"As you command, Master." Dusk’s form shimmered before fading completely, his body melting into the shadows as he began his silent pursuit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270: Moon Rise
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Floor Fifteen, Dungeon...

Leon stood alone in the silent room, his bare upper body glistening faintly under the dim, cold light. His breath was steady, measured. The Nyxter rested firmly in his hands — its blackened edge humming with restrained mana.

He wore nothing but his underwear, allowing his body to move without restriction. Sweat rolled down his chest, dripping onto the stone floor beneath his feet.

Before him floated a translucent blue screen, glowing faintly in the air.

---

[Name: Last Rise]

[Rank: ??]

[Stance 1: 02 / 10,000]

[Description: A mysterious sword technique with no confirmed origins.]

[Mana: None]

[Cooldown: None]

---

’Hah... Only twice,’ Leon thought as his eyes trailed across the data on the screen. ’I’ve only used this technique twice since the day I got it. When that old man used it, he killed that Parasite in a single strike... and even cut down that massive tree of life behind it.

If I’m ever going to stand at that level, I need to understand it — no, learn it — and grasp the essence of swordsmanship as well.’

Leon raised his sword slightly. The Nyxter gleamed under the faint light as the air around him grew heavier with focus. At that instant, the ground trembled faintly, and a stone dummy rose up from the floor, assembling itself piece by piece until it stood before him.

’Elis made this chamber specifically for my training,’ Leon thought, glancing at the regenerating construct. ’No matter how many times I destroy it, it rebuilds itself — never in the same position twice. A perfect opponent to practice attack.’

He exhaled slowly.

"Last Rise..."

The words left his mouth in a whisper — and instantly, the dungeon vanished from his vision.

---

Leon opened his eyes again. He stood at the base of a vast, emerald-green plain stretching endlessly before him. In the distance rose a tall mountain bathed in silvery light. Above it, a brilliant full moon began to climb the horizon, glowing with haunting beauty.

"Oh my... You’re really trying to learn it, huh?" a familiar voice echoed behind him.

Leon turned around, his expression neutral. The old man stood there again, his white robe fluttering softly against the nonexistent wind.

"You again?" Leon asked, narrowing his eyes.

"What can I say?" the old man smirked. "My soul’s trapped here. It’s not like I want to see your face. Honestly, I thought you’d just give up and let me take over your body."

Leon tilted his head. "Why the hell are you even interested in my body?"

"You have money, women, and plenty of booze to waste your life on," the old man said dryly. "What else could a dead man ask for?"

Leon sighed. "I thought your wish was to free your soul from this technique."

"I do want that," the old man replied, folding his arms. "But if you’re going to fail anyway, might as well have some fun before I wait again."

"Fuck that," Leon muttered, his tone flat. "You’re not taking my body. Now answer my question — why does my consciousness keep getting dragged here every time I try to use the technique?"

The old man’s smile faded slightly. "Every form of Last Rise has a unique name — and each represents a trial. The one before you now..." He pointed at the mountain. "...is to climb and reach the top where the full moon shines. That’s the trial. Hence, the name of the first form— Last Rise: Full Moon."

Leon crossed his arms. "So every time I use the technique, my consciousness will be pulled here?"

"Only when you’re in safe places," the old man replied. "Like now. You’ll need to perform the technique-"

"Ten thousand times. Yeah, I know." Leon’s voice carried no surprise.

"Nothing less expected from you," the old man chuckled softly.

"What’s your name, anyway ?" Leon asked after a moment.

The old man blinked. "I don’t remember. It’s been a thousands of years since I became a soul fragment. I remember nothing of my past — only this technique."

Leon studied him for a moment, then said calmly, "I’ll call you White Fox — you’ve got those sly eyes, that stupid white robe, and you smile like a fox too."

"Hmph." The old man smirked faintly. "Call me whatever you wish. But for now, listen carefully."

He gestured toward the glowing moon. "Look at it, Leon. What do you see?"

"A beautiful full moon," Leon said, his tone even.

"Once you start staring at it, you can’t stop, can you?" White Fox asked, a knowing smile on his face.

Leon’s eyes didn’t waver. "I can. It’s just... I don’t want to."

"Exactly," White Fox said softly. "That’s the key. When you raise your sword, it creates mirrored afterimages behind the blade — hypnotic to the eyes. For a few seconds, the enemy becomes entranced by the motion. You have exactly three seconds to take their head off. Fail, and the trance breaks."

Leon frowned slightly. "I tried it once — on a Goblin Lord — but the technique collapsed midway."

"Of course it did," White Fox said sternly. "This technique doesn’t rely on mana, stamina, or agility. It’s forged through focus and discipline. Move too fast or too slow, and the illusion shatters. The rhythm must be perfect — your will must be absolute.

It’s like looking at a serpent with calm expression and moving him to your will."

Leon’s gaze sharpened. "And how am I supposed to know when it’s perfect?"

"The higher you climb that mountain," White Fox replied, pointing again toward the moonlit peak, "the clearer the moon will appear to you. When the moon shines brightest — when its form stops wavering — that’s when you’ve mastered the first form. Then, your sword will no longer cut flesh or stone... it will slice through the very air itself."

"How-"Leon’s mouth opened to speak, but before he could utter a word, his surroundings shattered.

---

"Haah..."

Leon gasped as his consciousness snapped back to reality. He stood once again in the dungeon training room, drenched in sweat. The rock dummy before him was split clean in half. His breathing was ragged, his arms trembling slightly from the exertion.

Grrrrr...

The sound of shifting stone echoed again as another dummy rose from the ground, its empty eyes staring at him.

"Again..." Leon muttered, gripping the Nyxter’s handle tightly. His eyes burned with determination as he invoked the technique once more.

---

<Last Rise: Full Moon>

---

As the skill activated, Leon’s hands began moving on their own — guided by instinct. At first, the movement flowed like water, smooth and precise. But as the blade reached a ninety-degree angle, the automatic rhythm broke. His control faltered.

Gritting his teeth, Leon forced his muscles to continue, trying to match the pattern.

Slash!

The blade struck the dummy’s neck, cleaving its head off — but the motion was heavy, forced, unrefined. Leon frowned as the dummy crumbled to dust.

’The swing wasn’t smooth. The blade didn’t flow like he said...’ His hand ached, muscles screaming from tension. He looked at his trembling fingers and exhaled sharply.

"This won’t work like this," he muttered under his breath. "I’ll collapse from exhaustion before I reach even a hundred repetitions."

Without wasting another second, Leon used another skill.

---

<Skill Crafter>

[Skill rank will be settled to ’D’ by default.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271: Is that master ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Flowbind Breathing."

[Skill ’Flowbind Breathing’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

---

’I’ve read about breathing techniques in countless mangas back on Earth,’ Leon thought as the screen flickered before his eyes. ’They’re meant to focus all energy into one point — to move more efficiently, use less stamina, and even regenerate it while fighting.’

[State the use of skill.]

"A breathing skill," Leon said aloud. "When activated, this skill immediately stabilizes the user’s unstable breathing into an efficient rhythm.

As long as the user’s body moves, it will consume 200 mana per second and regenerate 5% of the user’s maximum stamina.

But as soon as the user stands still, the technique will go on cooldown."

[Processing...]

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Flowbind Breathing}.]

---

’Huh... it got accepted immediately,’ Leon thought, his lips curving slightly. ’Let’s see how far I can push it.’

He canceled the creation and began rewriting the skill again. And again. And again.

The glowing blue screen filled the room with light as Leon’s eyes moved rapidly through the interface as he readed the words being embedded into the description.

---

Thirty minutes later...

---

[Name: Flowbind Breathing]

[Rank: D]

[Description:

A breathing skill that, when activated, immediately stabilizes the user’s unstable breathing into an efficient rhythm.

As long as the user’s body moves, the skill consumes 1,500 mana per second and regenerates 50% of the user’s maximum stamina.

However, if the user becomes stationary, the technique enters cooldown, applying a 150% fatigue debuff for the same duration it was active.]

[Mana: 200]

[Cooldown: 15 minutes]

---

"Fucking hell..." Leon exhaled, pushing the screen away. "After thirty-six descriptions, this is the best one I could come up with. Phew~"

He smirked to himself, massaging his shoulders. "Still, not bad. The fact that I can even make something like this... that’s huge progress. This is the first D-ranked skill I made and it looks really cool."

He stretched his neck, muscles sore and burning under the skin.

"Well then... let’s put this baby to use before my arms fall off-, Wait—since my healing skill’s also D-rank now... then shouldn’t it..."

Leon’s voice trailed as a dark grin formed on his face.

<Minor Heal>

A dark green light pulsed under his skin, racing through his veins like liquid emerald. The soreness melted away as every strained muscle and torn fiber repaired itself.

"Well, well..." Leon murmured, his grin widening. "Now we’re getting somewhere."

<Flowbind Breathing>

---

45 Minutes Later — First Floor

Dusk returned to the dungeon, his dark fur faintly glowing under the ambient mana light. Fruela stood waiting with a curious expression.

"What happened?" she asked quickly.

"Where is Master?" Dusk replied, tone calm but eyes sharp.

"Master is training on the fifteenth floor," Elis’s voice echoed as she appeared behind them. "He ordered that no one enter unless it’s extremely urgent."

"I have information about the messenger. It must reach Master," Dusk said firmly.

"Wait here," Elis replied before vanishing into thin air.

Swish.

Fruela immediately drew her daggers, tension sharp in her voice. "Is Master in danger?"

"Calm down, Elf," Dusk said, his glowing eyes narrowing slightly. "Master is safe. If danger comes, I’ll handle it personally."

The killing intent in his tone made the air grow cold.

Fruela lowered her blades slightly but didn’t relax. "I’ll take your word for it. But if you can’t handle it alone, say so. These daggers haven’t tasted blood in a while."

Swish.

Elis reappeared before them. "Master said you can come," she said simply before disappearing again.

Dusk groaned. "At least teleport us to the room..." He started walking lazily toward the stairs.

"You’re really lazy for such a big beast," Fruela muttered as she followed.

"I have a big body — which means I get tired easily," Dusk replied. "Ever since I evolved, I’ve been sleepy almost all the time."

"I thought larger beasts were more active," Fruela said, brows furrowed.

"You heard wrong."

Their conversation faded as they descended through the dungeon, floor by floor.

....

The air grew denser as they reached on the stairs of the fifteenth room.

Then —

SWISH.

A sudden wave of pressure burst from below. Wind slammed against them, forcing both to shield their faces.

"What the—" Fruela’s voice wavered.

Dusk’s pupils contracted. "That came from the fifteenth floor."

They exchanged a quick glance before rushing downward.

When they reached the entrance, both froze.

---

The training chamber was a scene of devastation. Dozens of shattered stone dummies lay scattered across the floor. Dust floated thick in the air, mixed with the heavy stench of sweat and heat.

But none of that compared to what stood in the center of the room.

Leon.

His long black hair clung to his face, dripping with sweat. His bare torso was drenched, every vein bulging under his skin. His muscles were swollen, defined — raw power wrapped in human flesh.

Each breath he exhaled came out as a trail of white steam, his entire body was radiating immense heat. The floor beneath him bore dozens of sweaty footprints burned into the dust.

"I–Is that Master?" Fruela whispered, her cheeks instantly flushing red. Her heart pounded in her chest as heat flooded through her body. She clenched her thighs together unconsciously, her voice trembling.

Her pussy tightened her grasp around her panties as soon as she looked at Leon.

"I... think yes," Dusk replied, his eyes wide in disbelief.

Leon slowly raised his right hand, palm facing the wall. "Nyxter."

Crack... Crack... Crack... Crack...

The sound echoed across the room. The entire front wall began to fracture as the five blades embedded in it started to tremble violently.

Then—

Thud–Thud–Thud–Thud–Thud!

All the blades ripped free at once, flying toward Leon in a blur of motion.

Swish.

Grab.

Leon caught the main handle mid-air, the other blades magnetizing into place, reforming the full shape of Nyxter.

"That... was amazing and I have seen master do that before but this time... it’s way more amazing." Dusk muttered, awe lacing his voice.

Grrr...

Another rock dummy rose from the ground in front of Leon.

Grip.

Leon tightened both hands around Nyxter’s handle, raising it high above his head in a clean stance.

"Last Rise: Full Moon..."

The air trembled. As he swung, the blade traced a semi-circular arc — and behind it, countless shimmering afterimages appeared, layering upon one another like waves of light.

The hypnotic motion drew Fruela’s and Dusk’s eyes immediately. They stared in a daze, captivated by the ethereal gleam.

But Leon’s rhythm broke just as the sword reached ninety degrees. His arms trembled violently, veins bulging. His breathing hitched — and with a loud grunt, he forced the swing through in a raw, uneven burst of power.

The invisible threads binding Nyxter’s segmented blades snapped loose. Each piece shot forward independently, slamming into the dummy with devastating speed.

THUD–THUD–THUD–THUD–THUD–THUD!

The stone dummy exploded into fragments, its pieces scattering across the floor. The blades embedded themselves back into the front wall with sharp, metallic cracks.

"Fuck..." Leon muttered under his breath, exhaling sharply. When he turned his head, he saw Dusk and Fruela frozen at the doorway — wide-eyed, pale, stunned.

’I haven’t felt myself that defenseless since I was a child,’ Fruela thought, lowering her gaze immediately. ’That moment... I completely lost myself in the sight of his sword. My mind went blank...’

Dusk’s muscles tensed as his instincts screamed. ’What kind of power... has Master awakened in just one hour?’

Leon regarded them silently — to him, they were his servants. But to them, what stood before them was no longer just their master.

It was something far beyond.

Both dropped down to their knees, heads bowed.

"We greet our Master," they spoke in unison.

---

[Stance 01: 768 / 10,000]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272: Rio’s Vision
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fifteenth Floor, Dungeon

"Dusk, Fruela... come in." Leon’s calm voice echoed across the chamber as he placed his hand against his chest and whispered—

<Minor Heal>

A deep green light pulsed beneath his skin, rippling across his body in slow waves. His throbbing veins settled, his strained joints relaxed, and his heavy breathing steadied.

"Hah..." Leon exhaled slowly, relief washing over him. He tilted his head and cracked his neck.

Crack–Crack–Crack.

The sound echoed in the silent training room.

"Elis said you have some news?" Leon asked, turning his gaze toward Dusk.

Swish.

In a blur of motion, Elis materialized before him and bowed deeply. "Master... please, take a seat."

She raised her hand, and the entire room shifted. The shattered stone dummies vanished in an instant, their fragments melting into the ground. A massive throne of stone rose in their place, sculpted intricately with rune-like lines running down its arms.

Leon smiled faintly. "Thank you, darling."

He sat down upon the throne, resting his arm casually over one side as his piercing eyes settled on Dusk. "Go on."

"Master," Dusk began, lowering his head slightly, "I followed the messenger to the Royal Castle gates. However, multiple protective arrays prevented me from entering further. But..." His tone deepened. "I saw something interesting."

Leon’s brow arched. "Interesting?"

"The messenger who was supposed to report back to King Adwin handed all the information he had to a guard at the castle gate," Dusk explained.

Leon’s expression darkened. "What?"

"As soon as the guard received it, he pretended to take a break and went inside," Dusk continued. "A few minutes later, I saw him writing something on a small piece of paper. He then slipped it to a maid entering through the kitchen’s back door."

A slow grin crept across Leon’s face. "Well... isn’t that interesting."

"Should I capture the guard and bring him here, Master?" Fruela asked, her tone cold, sharp, and ready.

Leon shook his head. "No need. For now, I’m focusing on getting stronger. There’s a royal function tomorrow evening — I’ll attend, and both of you will accompany me. We’ll deal with him afterward."

"You’ll need royal attire and a proper carriage in order to attend that, Master, right ?" Dusk added respectfully.

"Yeah," Leon said evenly. "I was already thinking of doing a bit of shopping. I only have three pairs of clothes."

"Shall I accompany you, Master ?" Fruela asked, smiling softly.

"Sure, if you want to." Leon replied simply. He rose from the throne and walked to the pile of training clothes discarded near the wall.

’This technique isn’t a simple one,’ he thought grimly. ’The more I practiced, the more disappointed I felt. It stopped registering after the 768th attempt. After that, I was just slashing the dummies with brute force... even the mana threads holding Nyxter’s blades together began to loosen on the hit.’

He sighed and began dressing, his movements slow and deliberate due to the fatigue debuff. Once his shirt was buttoned, he looked toward the wall where Nyxter’s blades were still embedded.

Leon raised his hand.

Crack–Crack–Crack–Crack.

Each blade vibrated violently, breaking free from the wall before shooting toward him.

Grab.

Leon caught the hilt mid-air, and one by one, the other pieces magnetized and clicked into place, reforming the complete weapon.

When he looked at its edge, his expression hardened. The blade was chipped, cracked, and worn thin.

"Fucking hell..." he muttered. "Now I’ll have to go to him again." He sheathed the sword quietly, the scabbard swallowing the damaged edge.

"Master, shall we go?" Fruela asked, standing ready.

"Yes." Leon placed a hand on her shoulder, and in the next moment—

Swish.

They vanished.

---

First Floor

A sudden breeze rippled through the first floor as Leon and Fruela reappeared on the staircase.

Step–Step–Step–Step.

Their footsteps echoed softly as they began walking toward the exit, but before they could reach the door—

Swish.

Elis appeared in front of them and bowed immediately. "Master, the children on the seventh floor request to see you before you leave. They said it’s urgent."

Leon thought for a second then spoke. "Wait for me."

He vanished instantly.

---

Seventh Floor

Swish.

Leon reappeared in the chamber filled with soft torch light. Rio, Klause, and Yuna lay resting on their beds while a few small slimes busied themselves cleaning the floor, walls and ceiling of the chamber.

"What do you want to talk about?" Leon asked, his tone neutral. "And this better be important. I don’t like when people stop me before going out."

Rio sat up, his expression calm yet serious. "Mr. Leon... when you reach the Fourth Street, look above for a red sign. Turn left there — you’ll see a man sitting inside a shady alley. He’ll have various artifacts spread out in front of him most of them useless and fraud things. Buy the fourth item from the right in the last second line."

Leon blinked. "You saw a vision?"

"I saw several," Rio said confidently. "And when you appeared, that slime on the left wall was sitting on the fourth brick — exactly as in my vision. That confirmed this vision that I am telling you right now." he spoke pointing towards a slime that was cleaning the left wall. "That’s why I asked Miss Elis to call you. You should hurry before the vision changes."

Leon looked at the slime curiously, then back at Rio. "Alright..." he said simply, before vanishing again.

Swish.

Klause leaned back, arms crossed. "Do you think we’re doing the right thing ? Your powers in the hand of a wrong man can do evil things."

Rio smiled faintly. "That man is no ordinary human. If you want to survive the war... stay close to him."

Klause frowned. "What war?"

Rio’s smile faded. "I don’t know. But it’s coming. I can see some of it."

Klause sighed. "Hah... as always, your words confuse me more every time you speak."

"If you two didn’t shut up and let me sleep... I will give you a punch to the face, each." Yuna spoke as she closed her eyes once again.

Both of them stopped talking immediately.

---

Royal Castle — King’s Chamber

The tall windows of the King’s chamber glowed orange with the candle light. King Adwin sat relaxed on his ornate chair while Dredis knelt before him, his head bowed.

"What?" Adwin asked with a grin. "He threatened to blow up the entire Human Kingdom?"

"Yes, Your Majesty," Dredis replied stiffly.

Adwin leaned back, smiling faintly. "Hah... interesting. Tell me, Dredis — do you believe he’s capable of doing it?"

"I–I can’t say for certain, my lord," Dredis stammered slightly. "But when I looked into his eyes, I saw no hesitation. He... might truly have the resources to do it."

The king’s expression hardened slightly. He turned toward the window, watching the horizon. "Very well. Keep watch on that dungeon. No humans are to enter without my permission. I won’t risk my kingdom on curiosity."

"Yes, my lord." Dredis bowed once again.

"Dismissed."

Dredis rose and left the chamber quietly, the heavy doors closing behind him.

Adwin stood by the window, his reflection faint in the glass. His smile returned, faint and amused.

"Whose side will you stand on Michael Jackson ?" he muttered under his breath.

---

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273: Pack up your stuff
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Human Kingdom – Morning

Dark clouds loomed low over the Human Kingdom, swallowing the horizon in shadow. Snow drifted down in thick, lazy flakes, blanketing the cobbled streets in white. Even though it was morning, the light never broke through the clouds, the entire city lay under a cold, oppressive twilight.

---

The Market,

Vendors had still opened their shops, their breath visible in the chill air. Oil lamps burned brightly on wooden counters, their flames fighting against the gloom. The market, however, was near empty. Only a handful of customers wandered between the stalls, wrapped in layers of wool, heads down, moving quickly through the cold.

Among them, two cloaked figures walked quietly — Leon and Fruela, their faces hidden under black hoods, snow clinging to their shoulders.

"Sir! Fresh apples!" a vendor suddenly shouted, springing forward from behind his cart. He shoved an apple directly toward Leon’s face, the red skin of the fruit glistening in the frost.

Fruela reacted instantly — her hand went behind her waist, fingers curling around the hilt of her daggers. But before she could draw them—

Leon raised his hand slightly. "No thanks," he said calmly, his voice cutting through the air like a knife.

The vendor blinked, confused, and stepped aside. Leon kept walking, his boots crunching softly against the snow.

"Fruela," he said after a moment, his tone neutral. "Don’t draw your weapons so easily. Assess the situation first — draw wepons only when it’s necessary."

"I’m sorry, Master," Fruela replied softly, guilt in her tone. "It’s just... when he shoved that apple in your face, my hands moved automatically—"

Suddenly, Leon stopped walking.

"We’re here," he said simply, turning his gaze to the right.

Fruela followed his eyes and noticed a large wooden sign swinging faintly in the wind — ’Dekken’s Smithy’.

Leon stepped forward and knocked.

Knock–Knock.

Almost instantly, the door clicked open.

"That was fast..." Leon muttered quietly as he looked down.

Standing there was Gerald, his beard messy, eyes tired, expression confused.

"What do you want?" Gerald asked bluntly.

"Gerald, my friend," Leon said with a small smile. "I’m here to get my sword fixed."

Gerald scoffed. "First of all, I’m not your friend. Second, close the door behind you." He turned and walked back inside, leaving the door half-open.

Leon and Fruela entered silently, closing it behind them.

---

Inside the Smithy

The warmth and roar of the forge were gone. The air was cold and stale. The rack of swords that once stood proudly by the wall was empty — gone. The furnace was dark, its fire long dead. Scorched marks covered the ground, and the right wall bore a deep scar, as if something massive had been slammed into it.

Leon looked around slowly. "What happened here?" he asked, taking a seat on the wooden chair nearby.

"Pull out the sword," Gerald said, ignoring the question. "Let’s see what you’ve done to it."

Leon nodded, summoned Nyxter from his inventory, and laid it on the table.

Gerald reached for it, slid the blade free from it’s sheath—

Swish.

The moment he saw it, his eyes widened. His mouth fell open.

"WHAT THE FUCK!?" he roared, so loudly that people walking outside jumped at the sound.

Leon stayed perfectly calm. "Relax. Can you fix it?"

"Relax? Are you fucking kidding me?" Gerald shouted, holding the blade up to the light. "This sword is one of my best creations — forged from the finest material I’ve ever worked with, and you did this to her blade?!"

Leon shrugged slightly. "I was practicing on stone dummies."

Gerald blinked. "Who the hell practices with stone dummies?!" He groaned and rubbed his temples. "Oh, for fuck’s sake. Here, take it back. I can’t repair this."

Leon frowned. "Come on. I’ll pay you more — just fix it."

"It’s not about the money," Gerald said sharply, setting the sword down and slumping into his chair.

Leon narrowed his eyes. "Then what’s it about?"

"The fire," Gerald said quietly, picking up a leather flask. "It only stops burning in a blacksmith’s furnace when the smithy itself is closed down."

He uncorked the flask, lifted it, and took a long drink.

Gulp–Gulp–Gulp.

Leon leaned forward, his voice low. "Why are you closing down?"

"Because I turned down your king’s Orders," Gerald muttered before taking another swig.

Gulp–Gulp–Gulp.

Leon’s expression hardened. "What kind of orders?"

Gerald exhaled, the scent of alcohol filling the cold room. "Every blacksmith in the kingdom has been ordered to forge three thousand swords and shields for the army. They offered me double the usual pay. I refused. They got pissed."

He took another deep drink.

"When I declined the offer, their knights came. They took every sword I had — beat the hell out of me for good measure." His tone grew bitter. "Then they gave me a notice — said if they ever saw smoke from my chimney again, I’d be exiled from the kingdom."

He looked up at Leon with tired eyes. "That’s why I can’t fix your sword, kid. So unless you’ve got a working furnace outside the kingdom, forget it."

He lifted another bottle from behind the furnace and popped the cork with his thumb.

Pop.

"If you want, take it to another blacksmith," Gerald continued. "But don’t tell them who made it. Just say you found it lying on the road."

Gulp–Gulp–Gulp.

Leon stood slowly. "Very well."

"Sorry about your sword, kid, but—"

"Pack up your stuff," Leon interrupted, his tone steady.

Gerald blinked. "What?"

Leon’s eyes were calm, unreadable. "You said you could repair it in a proper furnace outside the kingdom. So — let’s go."

Gerald frowned, confused. "What nonsense are you talking about?"

"I have a place where you can forge weapons freely," Leon said, his voice low and certain. "No knights. No royal eyes. No interference."

Gerald froze mid-breath. "Y–You do? You’re not kidding, right?"

"No kidding," Leon said. "And you’ll have ten times the space you have here."

Gerald hesitated, studying him. "What do you want in return?"

Leon looked him dead in the eyes. "Fix my sword."

Gerald blinked. "Nothing else?"

Leon’s gaze didn’t waver. "If you don’t want to come—"

"I’m coming," Gerald cut him off, already standing. "Give me a moment. I’ll pack everything."

He moved quickly, grabbing tools, leather bags, and several small crates filled with materials.

Leon watched silently, his mind elsewhere.

’There are plenty of empty floors in the dungeon,’ he thought. ’Giving him one won’t be a problem... but that furnace smoke... that might be a problem.

Oh well, I will have him as my personal blacksmith in the dungeon. At least I won’t have to come here again and again in order to get Nyxter fixed.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274: What kind of shop is this ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Human Kingdom – Fourth Street

Dark clouds still hung heavy over the sky, blotting out the sun. Snow drifted steadily through the air, melting as it touched the lantern-lit stones of the street.

The market along Fourth Street was open, yet eerily quiet. Only a handful of vendors stood at their stalls, rubbing their hands to fight off the cold. Their lamps glowed faintly in the fog, reflecting off the frost-covered ground.

Leon and Fruela walked through the dim street, their figures wrapped tightly in black cloaks. The snow gathered on their hoods and shoulders, their breaths visible in the freezing air.

Leon’s eyes constantly shifted upward, scanning every sign they passed.

’Fourth Street is about to end... Where’s that red sign? Did I miss it somewhere?’ he thought, frowning as he glanced back, but no such sign was in sight.

"Master," Fruela spoke softly, pointing ahead. "Look — a clothing shop."

Leon followed her gaze.

The sign above the shop’s door read:

[Darwin’s Clothing House — Only Nobles Allowed]

The board was a deep crimson red, glowing faintly under the lantern light. Just opposite to it was a narrow, shadowed alley — exactly as Rio had described.

A faint smile tugged at Leon’s lips. "Let’s go," he said.

He walked straight toward the shop but stopped short of the door. Instead, he turned left, peering into the dark alley.

There, crouched against the wall to shield himself from the falling snow, sat a man wrapped in rags. A worn blue cloth was spread before him, covered with small trinkets, cracked gems, and rusty charms.

"Master?" Fruela asked, puzzled as Leon ignored the shop entrance.

"I want to buy something from him first," Leon said quietly, striding toward the man.

The vendor looked up as they approached, his face pale and tired, but his eyes bright with forced cheer. "Ah, sir! You’ve found just the right place!" he said eagerly. "Today I’m selling rare artifacts — powerful charms that can make your every wish come true!"

Leon didn’t respond. His gaze dropped immediately to the fourth item from the right, on the last second row.

It was a broken pocket watch — its glass cracked, its hands frozen mid-tick.

’A broken watch?’ Leon thought, brow furrowing. ’That’s what Rio wanted me to buy?’

He didn’t hesitat and used his skill on it.

<Inspect>

---

[Name: Ordanto’s Pocket Watch]

[Rank: A]

[Description: A broken pocket watch that once belonged to Ordanto Orfile, one of the greatest mechanics to ever live.

It is said Ordanto discovered something he was never meant to know. His final experiment — the one that took his life — left a fragment of his magic sealed within this watch.

When supplied with a large amount of mana, the watch’s hands will begin to move. Once both reach 12 o’clock, the button at the top will reset.

If the user presses that button, time itself will slowdown by tenfolds for five seconds.]

[Mana Cost: 1,000 mana per second of movement]

[Cooldown: None]

---

’Holy shit...’ Leon’s eyes widened slightly, though his face stayed composed. His mind raced as he immediately grabbed the watch off the cloth.

The vendor blinked, startled. "Ah—sir! Why that one? It’s broken! It won’t even tell you the right time. Why not buy this ring of luck instead? It’ll boost your fortune and—"

"How much for this?" Leon interrupted, his tone calm but his smile faintly sharp.

The man hesitated. "One... one copper coin," he said, shoulders slumping in disappointment.

"Good." Leon reached into his cloak, pulled out a coin, and tossed it lightly toward him.

Ting.

The coin clattered onto the cloth. The vendor’s eyes went wide.

"W–Wait... this—this isn’t copper!" he stammered, staring down at the gold coin gleaming faintly in the snowlight. "Th–this is—"

"Keep the change," Leon said simply, slipping the watch into his pocket as he turned away and entered the shop.

The man stared at the gold coin for a moment, then looked up at Leon’s retreating figure. His hands trembled as he picked it up.

"I–I don’t have to starve anymore... I can feed my kids—YESSSS!" he shouted, tears filling his eyes. He gathered his belongings in a frenzy and ran out of the alley, laughing breathlessly.

---

Royal Clothing House

Ting.

A small bell above the door chimed softly as Leon and Fruela stepped inside. The shop’s air was warm, the faint scent of lavender hanging in the air. Shelves of folded silk and embroidered suits lined the walls.

A young woman near the counter turned quickly. "Hello, and welcome to the shop," she greeted, her tone polite but uncertain as she looked at the two cloaked figures.

Leon brushed the snow off his shoulders and walked calmly up to the counter. "I want some clothes," he said simply.

"Of course, sir," she replied, still smiling nervously. "But first, I’ll need to confirm your identity. Can you show me your current attire?"

"No," Leon said without hesitation. "But I can show you something else."

He reached into his inventory and dropped a small leather pouch onto the counter.

Tang–Tang.

The girl blinked. Then, curiosity got the better of her. She untied the pouch and peeked inside — and froze.

Gold coins. A pouch full of them.

Her eyes widened, her posture stiffening instantly.

"Can I see the clothes now ? If you want, I can go somewhere else." Leon asked, a faint smile on his lips.

"N-N-NO! Please wait a moment, sir, I’ll— I’ll fetch the manager immediately!" she said quickly and ran to the back room.

Fruela frowned. "What’s wrong with her?"

Leon chuckled quietly. "She just seems a little nervous."

Click.

A door opened behind the counter, and an elderly man stepped out, impeccably dressed in a white suit with gold buttons. His silver hair were combed neatly, and a gentle smile touched his lips.

"I greet the gentleman and the lovely lady," he said warmly. "Claire has informed me of your request. I’ll personally assist you with your selection." He bowed slightly. "My name is Darwin, but with that much money, sir, you can call me whatever you wish."

Leon gave a faint smile. "Then tell me, Darwin — what kind of clothes would suit a man attending a Royal Party?"

Darwin blinked, caught off guard. "E–Excuse me?"

"What?" Leon asked, raising an eyebrow.

"When you said ’Royal Party,’" Darwin began cautiously, "by any chance, did you mean the Yearly Royal Celebration?"

"Yes," Leon replied flatly.

Darwin’s face went pale. "Oh my god..."

He swayed for a second — and then his body went limp.

Thud.

He collapsed straight to the floor.

"Dad?! Dad, are you alright?" claire shouted, running in from the back carrying a cup of steaming water.

Fruela blinked, baffled. "What kind of shop is this? They’re doing everything except showing the clothes."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275: Last present
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Click*

"Please come back again. We will give you even more discount next time." Adwin spoke as he bowed down deeply to Leon.

"Yeah." Leon replied with a straight face as he exited the shop with Fruela.

"Did he say ’Even more Discount’ after giving you the clothes for free ?" Fruela asked with a confused expression.

"He did say that. Although he also said that if someone in the party asks about the suit, I will have to tell them about his shop." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he stored the suit in his inventory.

’I just wanted to give him the money, but he said that telling about his shop to others is the price of suit, so I couldn’t say anything.’ Leon thought as both of them started walking towards the wagon station.

"That’s a good scheme." Fruela replied with a smile.

"It is one of the best." Leon replied with a neutral expression as both of them continued to walk.

...

After walking for about ten minutes, Leon’s legs came to a sudden halt.

"H-Help... Someone... Please HELP."

A loud shouting voice came from distance.

"Am I hearing that wrong or is someone calling for help ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Fruela.

"I also heard that, Master. I think it’s coming from that alley..." Fruela spoke as she pointed towards an alley that was near the Street’s turning point.

Without speaking anything Leon started walking towards the street as he pulled out the nyxter from his inventory.

As soon as he turned to his right, he noticed two men, one woman and her daughter standing at the end of the alley.

The woman was tightly hugging her daughter and both men were trying to separate the girl from her mother.

"Get away from her bitch." One of them spoke as he succeeded in pulling them away from each other.

The girl immediately raised both of her hands towards her mother but didn’t shout or even spoke anything.

"NOOO-" Her mother tried to shout but the man slapped her tightly.

*SLAP*

"Shut up bitch... You don’t even know for how much a mute girl will go for in a brothel at this time of the year and you will keep our beds warm in our house." One of them spoke as he tied the woman’s mouth with a black cloth.

Both of them turned around to leave the alley with the mother and daughter, but as soon as they turned around they saw, Leon and Fruela standing in front of them.

*Click*

"Master... Just say the words." Fruela spoke as she immediately withdrew her daggers and got ready to kill.

Without speaking anything, Leon raised his hand towards Fruela and gestured her to lower her weapons.

Fruela didn’t argue and immediately lowered her daggers.

"Oi... What the fuck do you want ?" One of them asked as he pulled out a dagger meanwhile the other one pulled out a magic wand.

"I will tell you what I want..." Leon spoke as he immediately activated the skill.

<Instant Kill>

As soon as he activated the skill, multiple notifications popped up in front of him, but Leon ignored all of them.

<Multi-cast>

<Glitch Point>

<Adrenaline Rush>

[All the Emotions will now be neglected.]

...

He pulled out the nyxter from it’s sheath and holded it tightly with both hands.

"Oh my god... Would you look at this kid ? He thinks he can take both of us with that stupid broken sword. Hey... Don’t use magic, I will deal with this shit head on my own." One of them spoke as he pulled out another dagger from his boot pocket and started walking towards Leon with a smug smile.

"Okay... But, I will cast a defensive spell on you just in case." His partner spoke as he casted a basic defensive shield on him.

"Come on kid... At least look me in the eyes before I kill you and don’t even try to scream because no guards come to this street for rounds." He spoke with a smile as he continued to walk towards Leon.

*Huff*

Suddenly, Leon let out a cloud of white steam from the corners of his mouth as he looked up at him.

"What the-" as soon as the man noticed that Leon’s eyes have turned pitch black he took a step back in order to assess the situation once again but it was already too late.

"Last Rise: Full Moon." Leon activated the skill and raised the sword above his head.

"H-Hey step-back... Can you hear me ? He is using some kind of sword technique... We have to-" His partner started speaking but no matter what he said the man froze in his place, staring at the sword’s movement as if in a trance.

As soon as the sword reached a 90° angle... the stance broke and he came out of his trance but it was already too late as the sword had already sliced through his throat.

*Thud*

His head immediately rolled down on the ground as the white snow turned crimson red from his blood.

But Leon didn’t stop there... He immediately turned the swords blade 180° and brought it back with full speed slicing both his shoulders and chest from his body.

*Swish-Swish-Swish*

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

With the same pattern, he sliced the man’s body in four parts and his internal organs splattered on the cold ground.

"Your defensive spell wasn’t that effective... Should’ve casted a stronger one." Leon spoke as he turned off his skills and looked at his partner who was still holding the girl in his arms.

"D-D-Don’t come near me or I will kill her." He threatened by placing the wand’s tip on the girl’s head.

"Mnhhhh- Mnhhhhhh." Her mother tried to shout something but the cloth on her mouth and tied up hands stopped her from speaking anything.

"I see... I will just stand here then, I will also surrender my weapon to you, just don’t harm the child." Leon spoke as he threw how sword in his legs.

*Thud*

"G-Get out of my way... J-Just let me go and I will leave without causing any trouble man. I-I swear man... He was the one who talked me into doing all this." He spoke with a hesitated voice and shaking hands.

"Okay... You can leave... here," Leon spoke as he stepped aside and raised his hands.

The man immediately started walking towards him with the girl still as his hostage but as soon as he walked upto the nyxter a smile appeared over Leon’s face.

"... Just take this last present before you leave." Leon spoke as he snapped his fingers.

*Snap*

As soon as he snapped his fingers, one of the nyxter’s blade flew up at him with full speed.

*Stab*

The blade stabbed in through his chin and jutted out through his skull with such speed that his brain material flew and his face exploded.

"Well... That was a little less painful then he deserved but whatever." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Open her hands, darling." Leon ordered as he looked at Fruela.

"Yes, Master." Fruela replied with a smile as she immediately walked upto the mother.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276: Dira
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Olivia... come here."

The moment Fruela loosened the rope from the woman’s wrists, she rushed forward and pulled her daughter into her arms. The two clung to each other, trembling, their sobs breaking softly in the cold air.

Leon turned away, his voice calm and even. "Let’s go."

He started walking out of the alley, his boots scraping lightly over the snow-coated stones. Fruela wiped her hands on her cloak and followed immediately, silent as ever.

But before they reached the street, a voice called after them.

"S-Sir... please, wait!"

Leon paused mid-step and turned slightly, his expression unreadable. "Hmm?"

The woman stood a few paces behind him, still holding her daughter close. Her eyes were red from crying, but she forced herself to speak clearly. "Sir... do you live around here?"

Leon regarded her quietly. "No. I live outside the kingdom."

Her breath trembled. "I... I can’t thank you enough for saving our lives. Please—come to our home for a warm meal. I insist it as a thank you. Please, don’t say no." She bowed deeply, the motion awkward with the child in her arms.

Seeing her, the little girl mirrored the movement, bending her head respectfully.

Leon looked at them with confused expressions.

"Well," he said after a moment, "I have some time to spare—and I haven’t eaten breakfast yet. I suppose I can stop for a quick meal."

The woman straightened, relief spreading across her tired face. "T-Thank you, sir."

"Fruela," Leon said evenly, "go to the wagon station. You should find Gerald there. Return with him to the dungeon. I’ll be back soon."

"As you command, Master." Fruela bowed her head once and vanished from sight in a whisper of displaced air.

Leon gestured lightly toward the mouth of the alley. "Let’s go."

They stepped out together, leaving behind the narrow shadows and the two dead bodies.

---

Through the Streets...

The woman walked beside Leon, carrying her daughter carefully against her chest. "Thank you again for saving us, sir," she said, her voice soft but sincere. "If you hadn’t arrived when you did, I... I can’t imagine what those men would have done to my child."

Leon glanced at her, expression still neutral. "Your daughter can’t speak?"

The woman nodded faintly. "Yes. She was born unable to speak or hear." She gave a small, tired smile and brushed a few flakes of snow from the girl’s hair. "But she’s strong. Always has been."

"What’s your name?" Leon asked as they turned a corner.

"Ah—yes. I’m Dira. Sorry, I should have introduced myself earlier."

Leon inclined his head slightly. "Say, how did you end up in that alley ?"

Dira sighed, shifting the child’s weight on her shoulder. "We were out buying a few things from the market. On our way home, I noticed a man following us. I tried to ignore it, but when I looked back, he was already trying to close the distance between us.

I picked Olivia up and started walking faster, but just as we passed that alley, someone grabbed us from inside. After that..." She stopped herself, shaking her head.

"I see," Leon said quietly.

They continued in silence. The snow muffled every sound; even the kingdom seemed to move more slowly under the warm lights of street poles. After nearly ten minutes of walking, Dira stopped in front of a narrow wooden house at the edge of a small lane.

---

The house was small, leaning slightly to one side, its roof patched with mismatched planks and a sheet of worn cloth. Two of the windows were cracked, and a thin draft hissed through the gaps. The structure looked exhausted but still standing.

"I... I know it looks bad," Dira said quickly, embarrassed. "But we’re poor, and paying the kingdom’s taxes leaves us almost nothing. We make do."

She reached through the broken window, unlatched the door from the inside, and pushed it open with a creak.

Leon stepped through first. His eyes moved slowly over the single-room interior—faded curtains, a chipped table, a few wooden chairs, and the faint scent of herbs that failed to mask the cold dampness. "Wow," he murmured under his breath, not mocking, simply observing.

"Please, take a seat, sir. I’ll prepare a meal right away." Dira hurried into the small kitchen corner, gathering what ingredients she could. The sound of clinking pots and kindling fire filled the quiet space.

"Call me, Leon." Leon spoke as he sat at the table, resting Nyxter against his chair. Across from him, Olivia had climbed up onto the opposite seat. The child sat with folded hands, staring at him intently—curious, cautious.

Leon met her gaze and, after a brief pause, he activated his skill.

<Inspect>

---

[Name: Olivia]

[Class: Aura Master]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 100/100]

[MP: 300/300]

[Description:

Olivia possesses a rare and unique class. Though she cannot hear or speak, when she activates her aura she perceives the presence of all entities within a one-kilometer radius. She can see their emotional signatures and sense their intent.

If mastered, she may even manipulate these auras—striking directly at the soul of an opponent.]

---

Leon leaned back slightly, eyes narrowing with quiet intrigue. ’She has tremendous potential. If raised properly, she could become powerful—dangerous, even.

But when she awakens that power, if she can’t control it... it’ll destroy her from the inside out.

Sensing the feelings of every person standing in a one kilometre radius will destroy her mind.

If she survived through all that, she is going to have a great future.’ A faint smirk touched his lips at the thought.

From the kitchen came Dira’s voice.

Leon turned his head toward the kitchen’s doorway and asked, "So... where is your husband, Dira?"

Dira laughed once, short and bitter. "Ran away with some stupid slut who used to live in the neighborhood, three years ago. I don’t care anymore about him. The only good thing he ever gave me was Olivia."

"I see," Leon murmured, gaze shifting back to the girl. She had slipped down from the chair and was now sitting cross-legged on the floor, playing quietly with a small set of carved wooden toys.

Dira spoke again from the kitchen, a hint of teasing in her tone. "What about you, sir Leon ? That pretty girl back in the alley, was she your girlfriend ?"

Leon’s response was steady. "No. She’s just a friend. I’m not interested in young girls."

"I see," Dira said, half amused. "That’s a new one. Most men I’ve met are interested in nothing but youth—women barely of legal age, or worse, ones younger still.

My husband also ran away with a 16 year old slut. If you don’t mind asking me, what kind of girls do you like, sir Leon ?"

As soon as Leon heard this, a thought entered inside his mind and a perverted smile appeared over his face.

Leon slowly stood up from his chair and activated his skill.

"Remis..."

<Touch of Lust>

After activating his skill, Leon entered inside the kitchen with a smile on his face.

As soon as he looked at Dira, he noticed that her figure was hided by the thick coat that she was wearing.

She had a fair face, a little pointy red nose from the cold and she also had a cute smile.

’Well... She is a gamble, I can either get very lucky or I can just fuck an average milf and get out.’ He thought with a smile.

"I like a little older women. Ones who have kids mostly." Leon spoke as he looked at Dira.

As soon as Dira heard this she turned to look at Leon with a smile, "Oh my... That’s an interesting choice you have."

Dira started stirring the vegetables in the pot as she didn’t understand the meaning of Leon’s words.

"I like women with a big ass and huge boobs..." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he walked closer to Dira and placed his hand over her hand.

As soon as he touched her hand, a wave of arousal ran through Dira’s whole body and she felt something in between her thighs for the first time in 32 years.

"I-I-I-I... S-See..." She replied in a stammering voice as her face turned completely red while staring into Leon’s eyes.

"Looks like that coat of yours is getting you hot from the insides... Why don’t you remove it ?" Leon asked with a smile as he slowly slipped his hand under her soft hand.

"Y-Yes... I-I should." Dira replied as she used her other hand to open the buttons of her court while staring at Leon’s face in a trace.

As soon as she opened the coat, a wide smile appeared over Leon’s face.

’Jackpot.’

The tight bodice beneath was a masterpiece of obscene restraint. It strained brutally against the massive swell of her breasts. the fabric stretched so tight he could see every faint blue vein beneath the pale skin.

Her nipples hard as pebbles and desperately erect pushed against the material, begging to be sucked on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277: Ugly ? BEAUTIFUL.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the kitchen...

Dira’s thick coat lay crumpled on the cold floor, forgotten. Her back was pressed tightly against the wall, pinned by Leon’s weight.

Both of her wrists were trapped above her head, held effortlessly in one of his hands. His other hand rested over the curve of her left boob, his fingers pressing through the fabric before giving it a deliberate squeeze.

*Squeeze*

"Mnnhh~"

Her breath hitched. The roughness of his palm, the heat of his body, everything felt too much after so many years.

Leon’s lips crashed against hers, hungry and demanding.

Chuuuuuuuuuu...

He sucked on her lower lip, pulling it between his teeth before letting it slip free and grabbing it again.

Dira whimpered softly, her body trembling. She felt powerless—like a rabbit caught in the grasp of a wolf.

Her legs trembled, pressing together as her pussy itched to get touched by Leon.

Leon’s chest pressed hard against her boobs, each breath making their bodies rub against each other. Her ass pressed against the wall as her body arched toward him, her temperature rising with every passing second.

Her face flushed crimson, her lips parted slightly as small, shaky breaths escaped. Her nipples hardened beneath her bodice.

"You have a really sexy body... You know ?" Leon asked as he let go of her lips and whispered into her ear.

"N-No... B-But, I feel happy and a whole lot of horny too." Dira spoke in a low voice as she looked at Leon with her red face.

Leon immediately looked at her with a smile as he let go of her boob and slided his hand down to her belly...

*Slide*

"Anhhh~" Dira let out a small moan as she looked at Leon’s face with half-closed eyes.

It was as if lust had taken over her already and she couldn’t think of anything else.

"When was the last time when you had sex ?" Leon asked with a smile as he stopped just before he could’ve reached her pussy and pressed his palm against her womb.

*Press*

"Anhhh~ F-Five years ago... with my husband." She replied in a low voice as she looked into Leon’s eyes.

Pre-cum started drooling out of her pussy and through her black panties.

"Did he do it like I am doing ?" Leon asked with a perverted smile as he slowly slided his fingers into her skirt and started groping her pussy over her drenched parties.

"Anhh~ no... He took off my clothes and inserted it inside me... It was very painful, I didn’t like it." Dira replied in a trance as her lips parted letting out another moan.

"Well... Are you liking this ? Or should I stop as well ?" Leon asked with a naughty smile as he placed his finger over her clit and moved it left and right so fast that her back arched and thighs clenched around his hand.

"Anhhhhh~" Dira let out a loud moan as she bit her lower lip and looked at Leon with a desperate expression.

"I think your thighs really want me to stop since they are grabbing my hand so tightly." Leon spoke with a smile.

"N-No... Please keep doing it~." Dira spoke as she immediately opened her thighs.

"Very well..." Leon spoke with a smile as he crashed his chest against her boobs once again and started sucking on her lips once again like a hungry beast.

*Chuuuuuu*

As he sucked on her juicy lips, his hands slowly moved around her waist and untied her skirt.

*Slip*

As soon as her white skirt fell down to the ground... Her thick thighs and a very wet black panty was revealed.

"Your pussy is getting really wet... Is there a reason for that ?" Leon asked with a smile as he barely let go of her lips.

"Because you are rubbing it with your magical fingers... mr. Leon and you are making my body feel really good~." Dira replied with an aroused expression as her lips touched Leon’s lips everytime she spoke.

"Why don’t you tear off this bodice of yours and free up those slutty boobs ?" Leon asked as he rubbed his nose’s tip against hers.

Dira’s heart was throbbing non-stop but as soon as she heard Leon’s order, a confused expression appeared over her face.

"B-But... I only have two bodice, if I tore this one up... What will I-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon placed his fingers over her lips.

"You worry too much... I will fuck you so good that you will not regret tearing it apart and then I will buy you a new one, just to tear it off of you again." Leon spoke as he slowly stretched her lips down with his fingers and then let go.

"Yes~" Dira replied as she immediately grabbed the upper three laces of her bodice and tore them down without wasting another second.

As soon as her laces were out, her bodice opened up completely and her boobs came spilling out.

*Boing-Boing-Boing-Boing*

"I-I know they are huge, saggy and very ugly to look at unlike the young-" before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon grabbed both of her boobs and started making circles around her nipples with his fingers.

"Anhhh~"

"You don’t have any idea what kind of treasure you have here. These boobs are just perfect to grab... They feel like melting silk when in my hands, darling.

They are round and so soft, you really have one slutty body." Leon replied with a smile as he squeezed her boobs tightly and noticed that her nipples have tightened even more.

"Y-You like them ?" Dira asked with a smile.

"I will tell you right now..." Leon replied as he grabbed both of her boobs and inserted them inside his mouth.

He then started sucking on them...

*Suck-Suck-Suck*

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Yessss~ it feels so goood~" Dira moaned loudly as her back arched even more and she squirted all over the floor like a broken faucet.

*SQUIRT-SQUIRT*

’Oh I am going to break her...’ Leon thought with an evil and perverted smile as he activated his skill and bit on her areolas.

<Lust Bite>

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278: She doesn’t know, How to Blow.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*schlp-schlp-schlp-schlp*

"Anhhh~ AAanhhhh~ Anhhhh~"

Olivia is sitting under the dining table while playing with her toys, meanwhile in the kitchen... Leon made her mother moan in such vulgar, slutty voices that she never even imagined.

Dira is sitting on the kitchen slab with both of her legs high up in the air, spread wide and trembling, and Leon’s face is buried deep into her dripping, throbbing pussy.

Both of his hands are locked around her thick, juicy thighs that are clamping his head in place, squeezing tight.

*Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick*

Leon licked her swollen clit and her sloppy, soaking pussy with intense, filthy force that made her back arch like a desperate whore.

"Annhhh~ Yessss~ Keep licking my pussy Mr. Leon..." Dira moaned as her eyes started blinking rapidly in pleasure.

Leon’s fingers dug deep into her thick, juicy thighs, nails biting into soft flesh, sending sharp shocks of pain-laced pleasure every time his tongue lashed her swollen clit.

His hot, wet tongue slithered down to the entrance of her thick, dripping pussy and plunged inside, stretching her slick walls.

The instant Leon’s tongue speared into her sloppy cunt, a violent jolt of raw ecstasy ripped through her trembling body.

Her eyes rolled back white, lips stretched into a perfect, drooling ’O’ as her tongue lolled out, hands clawing desperately at the slick slab while her face twisted into a filthy ahegao expression.

"Ohhhh Yesssss~" Dira screamed, her swollen pussy lips greedily sucking and milking Leon’s invading tongue.

Leon dragged his hands lower, groping her fat, jiggling ass-cheeks with brutal strength.

*SQUEEZE-SQUEEZE*

He crushed them so hard Dira’s ahegao face warped even further, eyes crossing, drool spilling as her legs shook violently, barely holding her up while her mind shattered.

Her back arched impossibly higher, every nerve screaming to rip her cunt away from his merciless mouth before she lost her mind, but her traitorous pussy clamped tighter, refusing to release his tongue.

As Leon twisted and curled his tongue deep inside her spasming hole, her body froze—then exploded.

"ANHHHHHHHH~ SOMETHING IS CUMMINGGGGG~" she shrieked, her pussy convulsing as she squirted a filthy torrent of hot cum straight into Leon’s face.

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT*

Leon yanked his face free, lips glistening with her juices, and immediately attacked her throbbing clit with his middle and index fingers, rubbing viciously without any mercy.

*Rub-Rub-Rub-Rub*

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhhhhhh~ Nooooooooo~" Dira wailed, her face collapsing into another broken ahegao as she came again and again, a mindless, squirting slut with zero control over her stupid pussy.

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT* *SQUIRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT*

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT*

...

Utterly broken under Leon’s fingers, her body kept gushing. An evil, perverted grin spread across his soaked face.

’It’s disgustingly easy to wreck the minds of MILFs in this world... I fucking love it.’ Leon thought.

Leon leaned in close, his hot breath tickling her earlobe as he closed the distance between his mouth and her ear.

"I hope you liked that," he whispered, voice dripping with smug satisfaction.

"Y-Y-Yes..." Dira stammered, her voice cracked and trembling as she nodded weakly, still dazed from the aftershocks.

"Good girl. Now how about you please me with those huge, slutty tits of yours?" Leon grinned, his hand snapping up to deliver a sharp, stinging slap across her left breast.

*SLAP*

*Jiggle-Jiggle*

"Anhhhhhhhh~"

*Squirt*

Her massive tits bounced wildly, and her ruined pussy clenched, squirting another pathetic spurt onto the slab.

"Y-Yes... B-But... w-what should I do?" she whimpered, face flushed crimson, eyes glassy with confusion and need.

"Suffocate my cock between those fat udders," Leon growled. "Make me cum with your tits, and I’ll flip you over this slab and ram my dick so deep into your sloppy cunt your womb will choke for air. I’ll stuff you so full—"

"I-I’ll do it!" Dira cut in, cheeks burning, voice shaking, but her eyes blazed with raw, animal lust.

"Perfect. Get down, strip my pants, and before you wrap those tits around me, lube my cock with that whore mouth of yours," Leon commanded, his smile twisting into something filthy.

"Y-Yes..."

She slid off the slab on wobbling legs, dropping to her knees in front of him. Hands trembling, she yanked his pants down—and his thick, veiny cock sprang free like a steel rod, smacking her square across the nostrils with a wet

*thwack*.

The musky, pungent stench of his dick hit her like a drug. Her pussy lips twitched violently, walls clenching around nothing as another shameful wave of pleasure crashed through her.

*Chuu*

Without hesitation, she pressed her soft, trembling lips to the swollen tip in a needy kiss.

Leon’s smirk widened.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

She engulfed him in one clumsy motion, bobbing her head sloppily, teeth grazing the shaft with every awkward pull.

’Holy fuck, she’s terrible at this. No tongue, all teeth—zero skill. I’m not wasting time on this garbage,’ Leon thought, face neutral despite the irritation.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

"Enough. Use those tits—now," he ordered.

"Y-Yes..."

She popped his cock free with a wet slurp, grabbing her heavy, cum-slicked breasts and sandwiching his throbbing shaft between them. She started pumping—slow at first, then faster, her soft flesh molding around him like a warm, living fleshlight.

’Fuck yes. Can’t suck dick for shit, but these milk bags? They are only built for this,’ Leon groaned inwardly, eyes rolling back as pleasure surged.

Thirty minutes later...

Dira’s knees ached against the cold wood, her pussy dripping an endless puddle beneath her. Her tits glistened, coated in thick ropes of Leon’s pre-cum, sliding slickly over his pulsing cock.

"Fuck... I’m cumming. Faster—milk me dry, you dumb slut," Leon snarled, stepping forward and pinning her back against the slab with his hips, cock buried deep in her cleavage.

"Yesss... Please cum, Mr. Leon... Paint my tits..." Dira begged, voice hoarse, tits pumping frantically.

"Fuuuck..."

Leon’s cock erupted. Thick, hot ropes of cum blasted into the tight valley of her breasts, overflowing instantly, oozing down her skin in sticky white rivers.

She parted her tits with a wet *schlop*—a thick, glistening cum-bridge stretching between them like obscene taffy.

"We’re just getting to the main course, darling," Leon purred, shaking his spent but still-hard cock, then slapping it across her face with a lewd *SMACK*.

Cum splattered from chin to forehead, streaking through her hair, leaving a glistening white imprint of his cock branded across her flushed, broken face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279: No, it’s today
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"ANHHH~ ANHHHH~ ANHHHH~ ANHHHH~ ANHHHH~"

Leon had Dira folded over the kitchen slab like a filthy rag, her fat, juicy pussy swallowing his monstrous cock with every merciless thrust—no breaks, no pity, just raw, animal fucking.

His left hand fisted her long black hair like reins, yanking her head back so her spine curved into a perfect, slutty arch. His right hand dug into her plump ass cheek, fingers sinking deep into soft flesh, spreading her wider so he could ram even deeper. His hips pistoned like a jackrabbit on steroids, each slap of skin on skin echoing wet and obscene.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Dira was a moaning, drooling mess—a bitch in full heat. Her nails clawed the wood, leaving frantic scratches as her thick thighs quivered, barely holding her up. Her greedy cunt leaked like a broken faucet, juices streaming down her legs in shiny rivulets. The floor was a slippery swamp of her cum, and the harder Leon pounded, the nastier the puddle grew—splashing with every thrust.

"You loving this fat cock, you dirty whore ?" Leon snarled, leaning over her chilled, arched back, his lips brushing her ear as sweat dripped from his brow onto her skin.

"Y-YES, MR. LEONNN~ PLEASE FUCK MY SLUTTY PUSSY MOREEEE~" Dira wailed, grinding her hips back like a cock-hungry slut, her fleshy ass jiggling against his pelvis.

"Oh, you want more?" Leon’s grin turned evil. "Let’s see how your greedy hole handles getting fucked brainlessly fast."

He shifted gears. His cock became a blur, blazing speed, balls crashing into her swollen clit with incredible speed.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"ANHH~ ANNNH~ ANHH~ YESS YESS YESSSS FUUUCK MEEEE YESSSSSS~" Dira howled, her face melting into a sloppy ahegao—eyes crossed, tongue flopping out, drool pouring as her back bowed deeper. Her pussy detonated, squirting in violent arcs.

*SQUIIIIIIIRRRRTTTTTTT*

"Fuck—take my fucking cum," Leon growled, jerking her hair harder, slamming his chest to her back. His arm locked around her belly as he erupted—thick, hot cum flooding her womb in heavy pulses. He didn’t stop thrusting, churning his seed deeper, painting her pussy walls milkly and full of bubbles.

Dira’s face twisted into pure, fucked-stupid ecstasy—eyes rolled white, tongue dangling, nostrils flaring like a beast—as she came again, then blacked out, limp and twitching on the slab in a puddle of drool and tears.

Leon gave one final slam, then yanked out with a filthy...

*SCHLORP*.

*POP*

A gushing river of his thick, creamy cum poured from her gaping, ruined pussy, splattering the floor in sticky ropes.

"Damn... she really is a good little cumdump," he smirked, smacking his slick cock across her jiggling ass cheeks—*thwack, thwack*—wiping every drop clean on her skin.

He tucked himself away, redressed her limp, cum-soaked body, then scooped her up like a used toy and carried her to the bedroom.

As soon as Olivia saw her mother unconscious on the bed she got a really worried expression on her face.

"Don’t worry, darling. Your mom is alright." Leon spoke with a smile as he lightly tapped on her head.

Even though Olivia didn’t hear what Leon was saying, she looked at her mother’s face and noticed her lips stretching into a smile.

"Hey, kid... Let’s play a game." Leon spoke as he pulled out a gold coin from his pocket and shuffled it in between his hands behind his back.

He then brought the hands in front of Olivia and flicked his eyes, gesturing her to choose one of the hand.

Olivia looked at his fists with a confused expression and tilted head as she couldn’t understand what Leon was trying to do.

But, she eventually pointed her fingers towards the his left hand.

"Oh my... Very good choice." Leon replied with a smile as he opened his hand and the gold coin was inside it.

A smile immediately appeared over olivia’s face, even though she didn’t knew the value of the coin... she knew that she had won the game.

"Use it wisely and take care of your mom." Leon spoke as he gave the coin to Olivia and walked out of the room with a smile.

As soon as he exited the house, Leon brought up his right hand and opened it.

There was a gold coin in the middle of his palm, Leon tossed the coin in air and grabbed it with his thumb and fingers.

*Catch*

He placed the coin back into his pocket and noticed an old man cleaning the snow off the road.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at him with a confused expression as he walked upto the old man.

"Hello." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Hmm...? Oh, Hello sir. How many I help you ?" The old man asked politely.

"I just wanted to ask you why are you cleaning the snow from the road even though it’s still snowing." Leon asked with a confused smile.

"Ah... Well, I am going to be doing this all night sir. From the castle to the Kingdom’s gate. My whole family is contracted by the Royal Family to clean this road till midnight." The old man replied with a neutral expression as he went back to cleaning the road.

"Why ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"For the Yearly Royal Celebration, Kid. Are you not from around here ?" The old man asked with a confused smile.

"No, No, No... That’s tomorrow." Leon replied with a smile.

"No kid... It’s tonight. I have been doing this for the past 53 years. I can’t forget this date, it’s really important to me and my family." The old man replied as he went back to cleaning the snow.

Leon immediately stepped back and pulled out the invitation from his inventory. As soon as he readed the date on it, his eyes widened in shock.

’What the fuck ? I thought it was the 8th today...’ Leon thought as he immediately placed the invitation back into his pocket and started running towards the wagon station with full speed.

In just ten minutes he reached near the wagon station and noticed only a single wagon standing there.

"I need to-"

"This wagon will not go anywhere sir, it’s on the guard duty tonight." The wagon driver replied before Leon could’ve completed his sentence.

"Fuck..." Leon cursed as he immediately ran out of the kingdom’s gate and noticed about ten guards standing there, each and everyone holding a burning torch in their hands.

All of them started at Leon as he exited the kingdom but none of them stopped him.

<Feather Weight>

<-1% body weight>

<-1% body weight>

...

’The air is going towards the forest, if I jump high enough I should be able to get a boost.’ Leon thought as he kept running and everytime he jumped... His jumping height kept increasing.

Two minutes later...

"WOOOOOOOO-HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO..." Leon shouted as he flew in the air like some bird and used his hands to guide his direction.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280: A very deadly flower
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The air on the seventh floor hung heavy with the scent of damp stone and faint mana residue. Elis sat cross-legged on the cold floor, her back against a jagged wall etched with ancient runes. Her eyes were closed, her artificial breathing slow and deliberate, as she was drawing mana from the dungeon itself.

The silence was absolute, until it wasn’t.

*Click-Click-Click.*

The sound sliced through the stillness like a blade, sharp and unmistakable. The dungeon’s main gates were opening. Elis’s lips curved into a soft, knowing smile.

"Master..." she whispered, her voice barely a breath. In an instant, her blue form dissolved into shadow.

....

First floor...

Leon stepped through the gates, snowflakes clinging to his dark cloak like frost on midnight steel. The chill of the outside world still clung to him, but the dungeon’s warmth began to melt it away.

*Swish.*

A ripple in the air, and Elis materialized before him. She dropped into a deep, graceful bow, her blue hair spilling over her shoulders like liquid moonlight.

"I greet my master," she said, voice smooth and reverent.

"Where are Fruela and Dusk?" Leon asked, his tone clipped, eyes already scanning the room.

"They are sparring on the fifth floor, Master," Elis replied, her expression unreadable. "To decide who is better suited to accompany you."

"What?" Leon’s brow furrowed. Then, without another word, he vanished.

*Swish.*

....

Fifth floor.

*Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang.*

The clash of steel on claw echoed through the chamber like a storm of sparks. Two figures blurred across the stone floor—appearing, vanishing, reappearing—leaving trails of light and shadow in their wake.

*Swish.*

Leon appeared just outside the doorway, arms crossed, watching the chaos unfold.

*Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang.*

Dusk’s claws flashed like streaks of blue lightning, unpredictable and wild. The furnace in his chest glowed a fierce sapphire, pulsing with magic that fueled his impossible speed.

Fruela moved like water around stone—calm, precise, lethal. Her twin blades danced in her grip, eyes locked on Dusk’s every twitch, every feint.

"I am the only one suited to protect Master, cat," Fruela said, her voice as steady as her stance.

"Well, you aren’t proving it right now," Dusk shot back, grinning through the blur. "I haven’t seen a protector who speaks more than she fights."

"I will cut off your claws right now," Fruela replied as her form vanished.

Dusk blurred into blue streak of light.

They charged at each other with full power.

Just as their weapons crossed the midpoint, two pitch-black blades tore through the air from the left—silent, deadly, inevitable.

*Clang-Clang.*

Both combatants twisted mid-motion, deflecting the blades with perfect synchronicity. Without hesitation, they dropped to their knees, heads bowed low, weapons lowered immediately.

"Master, we greet you," they said in perfect unison.

Nyxter’s blades arced through the air and slid back into the sheaths at Leon’s hips with a soft

*shink*.

"When I leave you in the dungeon to protect it..." Leon stepped into the room, boots echoing against stone, "...you aren’t supposed to fight each other and get yourself exhausted."

"I—I apologize, Master," Fruela said, voice steady but laced with shame. "I was merely testing my strength against the cat."

"If you want to test your strength next time," Leon said, eyes narrowing, "do it when I am in the dungeon. You understand?"

"Yes, Master," they answered together, voices firm.

"Good." Leon spoke, his cloak flaring slightly. "Now—the Royal Party that was supposed to happen tomorrow is actually tonight. We leave in ten minutes."

<Sixth Sense>

Suddenly, Leon felt a prickle at the back of his neck. Instinct screamed at him to dodge.

Leon shifted right—just as a pale hand sliced through the air where his throat had been.

He turned.

Enid stood there, frozen, eyes wide with shock and confusion.

"Hello, Enid," Leon said, voice calm as death.

"H-How did—!? I was using a very special stealth skill to hide my presence—how did you knew I was coming?" Her voice cracked with disbelief.

"Never ever try that again, darling," Leon said, his gaze cold and unblinking.

"Okay..." Enid stepped closer, her shock melting into a sultry smile. "But I want to have sex. And you reek of so many other girls. Why don’t you fuck my pussy, Master? I’ll get rid of their smell for you."

"I don’t have time for you now, Enid," Leon said. "I have to go to a fucking party."

"Take me with you," she pleaded, grabbing his hands. "Please, please, please..."

"Give me one reason I should take you with me," Leon said, unmoved.

Enid’s eyes gleamed. "I am a demon. I can make myself look more human than that elf maid. I have a perfect figure. But most importantly—I’ve been to countless royal parties in the demon kingdom. If you go without a female companion, you’ll look odd. Now please... take me. I beg you."

Leon regarded her for a long moment.

"Well," he said finally, "I was planning to take that white elf maid. But you’ve given me enough reasons. If you misbehave there—"

"I promise," Enid cut in, smiling sweetly. "You can slit my throat if I do."

Leon opened his inventory. A red gown materialized in his hand—deep crimson silk with subtle golden borders. It wasn’t flashy, but it carried the weight of royalty.

"Here. Wear this. Get ready. We leave in five minutes."

"Hmm... it’ll be hard to move in this," Enid began. "What if I have to kill someone and—"

Leon’s gaze sharpened like a blade.

Her lips sealed instantly.

"I-I’ll get ready immediately, Master," she said. Without hesitation, she stripped naked and slipped into the gown, the fabric hugging her curves easily.

Leon changed as well—black shirt, black vest, long black coat with golden buttons glinting like stars in a void. He donned a pure white mask: two narrow rectangles for eyes, one small slot near the mouth—just enough to sip wine.

"Master," Dusk said, tilting his head. "Wouldn’t you need a grand carriage for this Royal Party?"

"No," Leon said, a faint smile curling beneath the mask. "I’ll be riding you. I want to see how the king reacts to my ride. Fruela will run behind us. We will enter the castle together."

Enid spun once. The gown flared open like a blooming rose.

"How do I look?" she asked, voice soft and teasing.

"A very deadly flower, darling," Leon said, his smile sharp.

"Oh my, what a gentlemen you are sir." Enid murmured, bowing low with impossible grace. In a shimmer of dark magic, her demonic features melted away—replaced by the face of a breathtakingly beautiful human noblewoman.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 281: What was his name again ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SWISSSSSSSHHHH* *SWISSSSSSSHHHH*

The wind howled outside, fierce and unrelenting. Thick snow poured from the black sky, blanketing the world in white silence. Through the storm, a massive dark figure charged forward, cutting through the blizzard like a shadow given life. It moved with impossible grace, as if it ran not on the ground but atop clouds.

*Step-step-step-step-step*

Dusk’s paws struck the earth in perfect rhythm, never breaking stride. He carried Leon and Enid on his broad back, his powerful muscles rippling beneath midnight fur. No magic fueled his speed—only raw strength. The snow was deep, piled high in drifts that would swallow a man whole, yet Dusk’s legs barely sank. He ran flawlessly.

Enid sat in front of Leon, her body pressed close. Both her legs draped elegantly over one side, the red gown flowing like liquid fire in the wind. For the past three minutes, her lips had been on his neck—soft, warm, insistent. She kissed slowly, deliberately, leaving blooming red marks across his skin. Hickeys, possessive, proof of her claim.

"Master..." Dusk’s deep voice rumbled, calm despite the speed. "I can see the kingdom’s gate."

He slowed to a steady walk, snow crunching softly beneath his paws. The massive iron gates loomed ahead, torches flickering along the walls, casting golden light on the falling snow.

Leon’s sharp eyes scanned the scene. Dozens of carriages lined the approach—some grand, pulled by teams of white horses; others modest, bearing the crests of lesser houses. Royal guards in polished silver armor stood at attention, checking invitations with practiced efficiency. One by one, the carriages rolled forward, admitted into the capital.

’Nobles from the outer villages. Village heads. Minor lords,’ Leon thought, noting the sigils painted on carriage doors—eagles, stags, crossed swords. A slow smile crept beneath his mask. An idea sparked.

"Dusk," he said, voice low but commanding. "Can you go so fast... that you hop above those guards ?"

Dusk’s ears twitched. A grin flashed his sharp teeth. "Absolutely, Master. They won’t even see me. But they’ll feel the wind when I pass."

He scraped his claws against the snow, muscles coiling like springs, ready to launch at a single word.

Enid pulled back slightly, her lips glistening. "Why?" she asked, brow furrowed in confusion. "Can’t we just show the invitation and go in?"

Leon turned his head, two red eyes staring at her through the white mask. "I am the king in the south for now, darling," he said, his smile sharp as a blade. "And kings do not show invitations to get into stupid parties."

Enid’s eyes gleamed. She bit her lip. "Oh... I think the king in the south just made me a little wet."

"Dusk," Leon ordered, fingers tightening in the thick fur. "Go."

<Lightning Steps: Thunderbolt>

A crackling surge of yellow and blue lightning exploded across Dusk’s body, arcing over fur and flesh. His eyes blazed electric. Then—he moved.

The world blurred.

In two heartbeats, he crossed the distance to the gate. Snow erupted in his wake. Just as the guards turned, Dusk leaped, a dark comet soaring over their heads, high above spears and helmets.

*SWISHHHHHHHH*

A razor-sharp gust of wind slammed into the guards as he passed. Helms rattled. Cloaks whipped violently. One guard stumbled back, eyes wide.

"What the hell ?" he barked, spinning to his comrades. They looked just as lost him as they didn’t knew what just happened.

A carriage driver chuckled, adjusting his hat. "The wind is wild tonight."

The guard blinked, then waved the next carriage through. "Yes... go on."

...

Inside one of the carriages that was marked with a soaring bat in front of half moon, two young women sat in shadowed silence. Black lace covered their faces, but their eyes burned with unnatural light.

"Did you see that?" the younger sister whispered, leaning forward.

"I most certainly did," the elder sister replied, voice smooth as silk.

"What was that beast?"

"An Eclipsemora," the elder said, reverence in her tone. "A mythical creature. To see one in a lifetime is a great achievement. To tame one? Impossible. No one has ever done it yet."

"Yet... ?" the younger said, tilting her head. "I’m certain I saw a man riding it."

"I know."

"Are we to report this to Mother Marie?"

"No," the elder said firmly. "We observe first. His attire tells me that he is also heading to the Royal Party."

The younger’s lips curved beneath her veil. "If he agrees... can I choose him as my husband?"

The elder’s eyes narrowed. "There was a female companion with him. We are forbidden from becoming concubines."

"But what if he is not married to her?"

Silence covered the whole environment.

"Then you should leave him for me," the elder replied. "I am your elder sister."

The younger smirked. "Mother Marie says rank does not matter—so long as you bring strong males into the cult."

"You may have charms to trap ordinary men," the elder said, voice dripping with confidence. "But I have the body men would die for. If he is not married to a girl... he is fair game."

The younger giggled softly. "Oooh... I like the sound of that."

"What of the orphanage though ?" she asked. "Do we visit there before the party ?"

"No need," the elder said, gaze distant. "The child who sees the future has already fled. With the virgin girl and the talented boy.

I always suggested that it was impossible for them to stay there for long."

The younger clicked her tongue. "Damn. The boys would have made fine cult members. And the virgin girl, we could have offered her as sacrifice for the Greater Cause."

The elder’s head snapped toward her. Her eyes flared bright pink behind the veil, glowing like twin embers.

"Mother Marie gave strict orders," she hissed. "If those words leave your mouth again, I will cut out your tongue and feed it to the summoned hounds."

The younger froze. "I-I’m sorry, sister. I will not speak them again."

"Do not forget your purpose," the elder said, voice cold as the snow outside. "And do not let others find out about it."

Silence fell heavy in the carriage.

The younger nodded once. Her own eyes glowed bright pink in the dark.

....

Royal Castle Gate.

Hundreds of royal guards stood in perfect formation before the grand entrance. A long crimson mat stretched from the gates to the castle doors, rolled out like a river of blood to welcome the nobles. Torches blazed in iron sconces. Music drifted faintly from within—harps and flutes, laughter and clinking crystal.

Most guests had already arrived. Elegant wagons crowded the courtyard, horses snorting steam into the cold. The fountain at the center glittered with ice.

*SWISSSSSSSHHHH*

Without warning, a towering dark beast materialized before the front line of guards. Dusk landed with a soft thud, snow billowing around him. Blue and yellow lightning crackled along his fur, fading slowly into the night.

"What the—"

Spears rose in unison. Shields clanged. Guards shouted in alarm.

But before a single weapon could’ve been pointed towards Leon—

"WEAPONS DOWN."

The command thundered across the courtyard, deep and absolute. Every guard froze. Then, as one, they lowered their arms and dropped to their knees, heads bowed.

Leon turned slowly.

At the top of the grand marble stairs, beneath the shadow of the castle doors, stood a man.

He appeared in his forties. Long silver hair flowed down his back, tied neatly with a golden cord. He wore a robe of pure gold, heavy with embroidery—dragons, stars, ancient runes. Golden chains draped his neck. Rings glittered on every finger, each pulsing faintly with magic.

And atop his head rested a massive crown—gold, intricate, embedded with seven brilliant gems.

’So, he is the king of Human kingdom. Wait... What was his name again ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282: What’s the kingdom name ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dusk lowered his massive frame with deliberate grace, knees bending until his belly nearly brushed the snow-dusted crimson mat. Leon stepped down first, boots sinking slightly into the plush fabric. Enid followed, her gloved hand resting lightly on his arm as she descended, the red gown pooling like fresh blood around her feet.

Leon’s eyes never left the man at the top of the stairs.

<Inspect>

A soft blue panel unfolded in front of his eyes as soon as he used the skill.

[Name: Adwin Lorence]

[Class: Sword Saint]

[Race: Human]

[HP: 890,000/890,000]

[MP: 567,000/567,000]

[Title: {True King} {One with the Sword} {Angel’s Hand Holder} {Gracious One} {Dragon Slayer} {Demon Slayer} {Excalibur Holder} {Elf Slayer} {Forbidden Lover}]

[Description: Adwin Lorence, one of the three legendary sword saints that ever lived. Adwin is seventy-six years old but his instincts are still as sharp as they were in his peak age.

It is said that Adwin and the demon lord once engaged in a very furious battle for seven days straight and he almost killed him but the demon lord escaped somehow. Adwin now rules the human kingdom waiting for his death and for one of his sons to take over his throne.]

’Every title is glowing golden. All gold. He really is a monster’ Leon’s thoughts raced behind the mask.

Adwin descended the marble steps, each footfall silent despite the weight of his robes. A warm smile curved his lips, but his eyes—sharp, old, unreadable—locked onto Leon’s mask.

They stopped three paces apart.

Adwin extended his hand. "Sir Michael Jackson... it is a pleasure to meet you."

Leon clasped it firmly. "Sir Adwin Lorence. The pleasure is mine."

Adwin turned to Enid, bowing slightly. "My fair lady."

Enid smiled, lifting her hand with practiced elegance. Adwin took it gently, pressing a chaste kiss to the back of her glove before releasing the her hand.

"It’s a pleasure to meet you," she said, dipping into a shallow, graceful curtsy.

Adwin’s gaze returned to Leon. "I suppose I won’t be seeing your face tonight, then."

"I prefer to keep it concealed for now," Leon replied, his voice flat.

Adwin tilted his head with a confused smile. "And how will you eat with the mask ?"

"I’ll only be having wine." Leon replied immediately.

A soft chuckle. "A pity. But fear not—I’ll have the finest wine brought to you. Please, come inside."

He turned and began walking. Leon followed, Enid at his side.

’He knew I was coming before I even came,’ Leon thought, scanning the courtyard. ’He was waiting behind those doors. Like he’d been informed about my arrival beforehand.’

"I must say," Adwin continued without looking back, "I thoroughly enjoyed your little entrance. Leaping over the gate guards so swiftly they couldn’t even notice it? Brilliant. And that Eclipsemora of yours—magnificent. Fast as lightning, beautiful as the night."

Leon’s eyes narrowed behind the mask.

’Messenger at the gate. Of course. There is no way he could’ve gotten the information this fast.’

He glanced up. Nobles pressed against the tall windows of the great hall, faces pale, eyes wide. Some whispered. Some stared in open shock. A few looked ready to lick his boots.

Adwin followed his gaze and smiled. "I’ve arranged a special stable for your beast. If he roams freely, my guests may faint from fright. I hope you don’t mind."

Leon didn’t answer. Instead, he turned and raised two fingers, twisting them clockwise in a slow, deliberate circle.

Dusk rose from his crouch. His body shimmered. Fur retracted like liquid shadow. Bones shifted. In seconds, the towering Eclipsemora was gone.

In its place stood a sleek, midnight-black cat. Long, pointed ears twitched. Two tails swayed lazily behind him.

Adwin’s smile widened. "Remarkable. I saw one of these when I was a boy, hunting with my father in the Whispering Woods. I didn’t knew they could shapeshift like that."

"I trust your guests won’t be disturbed if he takes a stroll through the mansion, right ?" Leon asked.

Adwin laughed, "Hahaha... Of course, of course. I hope he finds a lovely companion among the palace cats. We have so many cats around the castle, my wife loved them hahaha..."

Dusk’s ears flattened. "What?! Did he just implied that I mate with cat-"

Leon leaned down slightly, voice barely a whisper. "Find the messenger. The one you saw that assassin supplying the information to."

"Yes, Master," Dusk replied as he walked away immediately.

The guards standing near the entrance pushed open the grand double doors. Warm light spilled out, along with the scent of roasted meat, spiced wine, and perfume. Music swelled—violins, lutes, a low drumbeat.

Every head turned.

Hundreds of nobles stood in the vaulted hall, silver goblets in hand, silk and velvet gleaming under chandeliers. Conversation died. Eyes locked on Leon and Enid.

Adwin stepped forward, arms wide.

"Ladies and gentlemen," he announced, his voice carrying effortlessly, "allow me to introduce Sir Michael Jackson—honored and powerful king of the south."

A maid appeared instantly, bearing a silver tray with two glasses of deep red wine in golden glasses.

Adwin took one. "Please. The finest wine—made only in the dwarf kingdom. They say it’s like a thousand years old or something."

Leon accepted the second glass, raising it slightly.

Adwin lifted his higher. "A toast—to my new friend Michael, king of—"

He paused, turning to Leon with a puzzled smile. "I’m sorry... what was the name of your kingdom again?"

Leon didn’t miss a beat and spoke the first word that came to his mind. "Gotham."

Adwin beamed. "To my new friend Michael Jackson, king of the southern kingdom of Gotham!"

Every glass in the hall rose in perfect unison.

’Yeah,’ Leon thought, a smirk tugging beneath the mask. ’And I’m Batman. Should’ve picked something less ridiculous. Why was this the first name that came to my mind anyway ?’

But no one questioned it. Not a single noble dared contradict their king’s toast.

’Oh well, not like they will question me or anything.’ Leon mused, sipping the wine.

The hall erupted into polite applause.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 283: Investment of future
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon and Enid stood in one corner of the room...

Leon held the same glass of wine, sipping it slowly, while Enid clutched a plate brimming with meat delicacies.

"Oh my... These taste divine. In our kingdom, they just devour raw meat—what a waste." Enid said, grabbing a whole chicken from the plate and tearing into it.

"Set it down and eat piece by piece... I thought you have attended many parties." Leon said sternly, eyeing Enid.

"I-I’m sorry, darling. I’ve never been to human parties. I assumed it was normal for you folks to just like us demons and—"

"It’s not." Leon cut her off mid-sentence.

"Hello, Sir." A voice suddenly sounded from behind.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned slowly, spotting a man in his forties with two ladies beside him.

"Yes ?" Leon asked, brow furrowed in confusion behind the mask.

"I am Duke Marcus Vanguard; this is my wife, Linda, and my daughter, Kiren. We are from the Vanguard noble household." Marcus said with a smile, extending his hand for a shake.

Leon briefly shook it...

"Actually, I’ve visited your kingdom." Marcus added, still smiling.

A wide grin spread across Leon’s face beneath the mask.

"Oh, really ?" Leon asked, smiling back.

"Yes, yes... It’s a truly stunning kingdom. I believe it’s been five years since I last saw one of the most beautiful kingdom in the south." Marcus replied, chuckling.

’This motherfucker... He’s lying so convincingly. For a second, I almost believed there really was such a kingdom and I was its king.

But why is he lying to me?’ Leon thought, puzzled, glancing at his daughter and she looked really angry.

’This girl... I’ve seen her before. Wait, wait... She’s the one from the training ground that day. Kiren Vanguard, with frozen nerves—she can’t channel mana properly.

I think she’s the fourth or fifth daughter of the Vanguard house. Is he trying to set me up with her ?’ Leon recalled everything as he looked at Kiren.

"If you don’t mind my asking... How old are you, sir?" Marcus inquired with a smile.

"I’ll be nineteen next month. Why do you ask ?" Leon replied and even though he knew why he was asking for his age, he kept the hint of confusion in his voice.

"Oh my god, a young man like you shouldering the burdens of such a vast kingdom all alone. It must be really hard without a queen, right ?"

"Excuse me ? But what do you want ?" Leon asked flatly, setting his wine glass on a nearby table and crossing his hands.

As soon as Marcus noticed the change of tone in Leon’s voice, his attitude and voice changed completely.

"N-Nothing... I-I just wanted to introduce myself and my family. It was a pleasure speaking with you; thank you for your time.

We will take our leave now." Marcus stammered, turning abruptly to walk away with his wife and daughter.

"I told you... He’s a king. Why would he be interested in me?" Kiren muttered angrily, glaring at Marcus.

"I just wanted to help you. If you became his concubine, all my children would gain real value." Marcus sneered in disgust, eyeing Kiren.

"So... Um, when are we leaving to have sex on the new bed that—" Before Enid could finish, an old man approached Leon with his wife.

"Hello, Sir Michael Jackson... I am Valkov Vance of the Vance household." He said smilingly, extending his hand for a shake.

"Yes?" Leon responded with a cold tone, ignoring the handshake.

"Oh, well, I was wondering if you’re open to taking concubines. I have five very beautiful, elegant, and intelligent daughters who would care for you day and night, they can even bear you beautiful childre—"

"No, I’m good." Leon interrupted sharply.

"I understand. It was a pleasure speaking with you." Valkov replied with a smile, turning quickly to leave with his wife.

’What kind of nobles are these? Are they truly worried about their daughter’s futures, or do they just want influence by selling them to me as concubines ?’ Leon wondered, confused.

"They’re using their daughters to forge real ties with you, darling. I thought this only happened in our kingdoms." Enid said from behind, her expression neutral.

"Seems common in the demon kingdom, huh?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Obviously... How do you think I got married ? My father sold me off for control of ten bloodstone mines and a slice of land in the southern Tyun-Ja Valley.

I wasn’t ready to marry him and wanted to protest, but in the demon kingdom, a dead daughter is preferable to one who talks back to her father." Enid replied neutrally.

"I see. Well, it’s much the same in human kingdoms but here they are either kicked out of the house or sold as slaves." Leon replied with a neutral look.

"Okay, everyone... May I have your attention?" Adwin’s voice rang from above.

All turned toward the stairs, seeing him standing there.

"Very good... I hope everyone has had their food because I’m afraid we must end this party early tonight, and I request the main guests to remain for an important meeting.

The heads of the seven noble houses, Dukes, Archdukes, and Army Generals of rank four and above. Thank you." Adwin announced as he descended down the stairs.

Those not named began filing toward the gates, faces etched with confusion as they started to talk about the sudden meeting.

...

’Well... Guess the party’s over. Hope Dusk and Fruela caught that guard by now.’ Leon thought, turning to leave.

"Let’s go, darling, and have some really good sex." Leon said with a smile, looking at Enid.

A wide grin lit Enid’s face instantly.

"Yess... Finally." Enid said, linking her arm through Leon’s as they headed for the door.

"Mr. Michael Jackson..." Adwin’s voice called from behind.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned, his expression confused.

"I’d like you to join this meeting with us. It’s for our kingdoms’ mutual benefits. Think of it as an investment to our future."

’Fucking hell.’ Leon thought, face serious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 284: The Demons
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Royal Castle, Meeting Room...

The grand chamber was deathly quiet. Leon, Adwin, and a dozen high-ranking nobles and generals sat around a massive obsidian round table, each staring at the walls, the ceiling, or the grain of the wood; anywhere but at one another.

’What the hell is this even about ?’ Leon wondered, already bored.

*Knock-knock.*

Every head snapped toward the double doors.

"Come in," Adwin ordered.

The doors swung open. A young man in his mid-twenties strode in, emerald hair tied back, matching green eyes bright with excitement. In his arms he carried two faintly glowing crystal orbs and a rolled-up white cloth.

"Good evening, my lords," he said, bowing low. "I am Ruben, Lord Adwin’s nephew and I will be your host for today’s meeting."

Adwin smiled proudly. "Ruben is the finest magical artificer of his generation. He makes things that people can’t even think about."

Leon gave a neutral reply as he looked at Ruben "I see."

Ruben wasted no time. He placed the orbs on the table, drew a slender silver wand, and flicked it. The white cloth unfurled and floated upward, pinning itself to the far wall like a perfect screen. With another gesture, every candle in the room snuffed out at once.

Darkness swallowed the chamber for a heartbeat; then Ruben began to chant in a low, melodic voice.

"Aldreso... Frunesio de gutrenmo hulo astrides..."

The orbs ignited with soft white light. Beams shot out, converged, and struck the cloth. A crisp, glowing map of the known world appeared on the makeshift screen.

Murmurs of admiration rippled around the table as everyone started looking at Ruben...

"Brilliant..."

"A true prodigy."

"Never seen anything like it."

"He can really become something with that talent of his."

...

Leon yawned behind his mask, utterly unimpressed.

’Congratulations, kid. You invented a fucking projector with magic. Meanwhile I could’ve mastered Last Rise another thousand times, fucked two sex hungry bitches, or just made some damn good pizza.

Wait, now that I think about it... I should really make some pizza. It’s not like it’s that hard to make. Haa... I don’t know how long am I going to be stuck in this stupid meeting.’

Ruben continued, his voice steady.

"These orbs record mana imprints of events. Infuse them once with mana at a certain place, and you may replay the scene forever of whatever happens at that place. But that is merely the tool.

What you see now on this cloth is our continent. Twelve days ago, in the northern Frostfang Mountains here..." a red dot pulsed on the map, "our scouts discovered the stripped skeleton of a demon, devoured by its own kind.

Deeper in, we located a cave harboring twelve surviving demons. When some of our soldiers engaged in combat, out of forty... thirty-six were slaughtered. The demons fled with three stolen supply carriages, now laden with... human corpses.

Their destination is this point we have named Maximux." Another marker flared. "It is the farthest a demon army can march from their homeland without starving to death. Beyond Maximux, they require sustained feeding. Those three carriages now carry enough ’food’ to bring roughly three hundred demons across the starvation line and establish a forward base in our mountains.

And if that happens, we could be looking at a very huge problem that can-"

A grizzled general snorted. "Three hundred? We have over three hundred thousand soldiers baring sharp swords. We can just crush them like pests and be done."

Ruben shook his head grimly. "That is exactly what they want. Their goal is not conquest yet; it is supply theft. Every soldier we send becomes additional rations for the next wave that is walking from the demon kingdom to point maximux.

They will engage in fight, kill some of our soldiers and run away... If we killed 150 demons and lost 300 soldiers in the battle, we just made way for 900 more demons to walk into the mountains and this process will keep repeating general until they just walk all over us.

Alternatively, if we do nothing, demons breed nine times faster than humans and birth litters of ten or more. Leave them thirty days, and those mountains will crawl with a fully functioning demon colony, this territory will become inaccessible to humans and if they grew enough numbers... Same thing will happen and they will launch a full fledged attack on us.

We have already dispatched an elite strike force to an intercept point on their alternate route. Leaderless demons are easy prey as they don’t have guidance on what to do. But the moment the Demon King realizes we are choking his army, he will begin escorting the caravans with Demon Generals.

The Demon king himself cannot yet cross the starvation threshold; he is still too weak after the last war.

That is the situation, my lords."

With a final flourish of his wand, the projection vanished, candles relit themselves, and the cloth drifted gently back into Ruben’s hands.

Silence fell again, heavier this time.

Every pair of eyes turned to Adwin, waiting for his orders.

"A war is coming, gentlemen. Not next year. Not next season. Now.

Sir Michael," Adwin said, turning directly to Leon, his voice very serious. "I need two hundred thousand troops from your kingdom; soldiers, battle mages, and longbow holders.

Together we strike point maximux with an overwhelming force and teach the demons that humans are no longer their prey."

Leon met his gaze, expression unreadable behind the mask.

"I will have to think about it. You will have my reply on the day after tomorrow." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

’So that’s why I got the fancy invitation and the free wine,’ Leon thought, a cold smile forming beneath the mask. ’Well played, Your Highness.’

Adwin inclined his head. "I am not twisting your arm, Michael. But understand this: if my kingdom falls, yours is next. United, we survive. Divided, we become dinner."

The room held its breath, waiting for Leon’s next word.

"I understand."

Leon simply rose, chair scraping against stone, and walked toward the door without looking back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 285: What do you know ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon walked out of the castle and noticed dusk and Enid standing outside.

"Darling." Enid spoke with a smile as she immediately ran upto Leon.

"Let’s go." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he immediately jumped over dusk’s back.

"Yes Master..." Dusk replied as he started running immediately.

"Darling, you are going to fuck my pussy really hard once we get back right ?" Enid asked with a smile as she looked at Leon.

"I will, after you answer some of my questions." Leon replied with a smile as he placed his hand under Enid’s ass and squeezed it tightly.

*Squeeze*

"Anhhhh~" Enid moaned as soon as she felt her ass being squeezed by Leon and a seductive expression appeared on her face.

"Ask me anything darling... I will answer every question you have." Enid replied as she placed her cold nosetip against Leon’s chest and started sniffing him.

"What do you know about the demons hiding in the mountains just north of the kingdom." Leon asked with a neutral expression.

As soon as Enid heard about this, her eyes opened in shock and she immediately looked at Leon with wide eyes.

"I-I have no hand in it... Darling. I-I swear on my life." Enid replied.

"So you do know about them." Leon replied with a smile as dusk jumped out of the kingdom’s walls and Leon removed his mask immediately.

"I-I may know a few things about it... But, this information is too important to the demon kingdom and-" Enid started with a hesitated expression but before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon grabbed her throat with a tight grip.

"Remis..."

<Touch of Lust>

He then slowly brought his lips near her ear and whispered in a low voice, "When I fucked you inside that forest like a stupid slut... What did I ask you ?"

"W-Where does my loyalty lies..." Enid replied as she felt arousal rushing through her body and her eyes started to flutter.

"Good... What was your answer to me ?" Leon asked as he slipped his hand upto her pussy and pressed his middle finger against her clit tightly.

"Anhhhhhh~ Y-Yours... My loyalty is yours, master." Enid replied as her legs started shaking and just as she was about to cum, Leon removed both of his hands from her body.

As soon as his hands left Enid’s body... The feelings of arousal increased even more but the magical touch was gone.

"N-No... Please don’t take away your hands from my body, darling." Enid spoke as she immediately tried to grab Leon’s hands.

"Tell me everything you know about the demons in that mountain or I will fuck every single girl in that dungeon right in front of your eyes." Leon replied with a serious expression.

"B-But..."

"I will tie you to the bed and fuck girls, with their pussies placed right in front of your face and my dick fucking them ruthlessly.

You will see everything but you won’t be able to do everything, not even finger your pussy but if you tell me everything like an obedient bitch right now...

The first thing I am going to do after reaching the dungeon is to throw you on the first bed that I see... tear off this stupid gown off of your body and fuck you so ruthlessly that your pussy will beg for mercy but it won’t be given any because your body would’ve become so numb that your mind will need a tight slap on the ass cheeks to get back to it’s senses." Leon replied in the most seductive tone possible.

"I-I will tell everything... Master, but please keep groping my body." Enid replied as she felt her pussy and nipples tingling so hard that her body couldn’t sustain without Leon’s touch after all the dirty talk.

"Very well... Start talking. Fast." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he grabbed her boobs and started groping them.

*Rub-Rub-Rub-Rub*

"T-Ten years ago... My father ordered me and my husband to come to the human kingdom and prepare a village for the thirteen Demons.

These demons aren’t like any other demons, each of them have such high regeneration ability that even if you cut off their heads... They will regenerate in a matter of seconds.

The thirteen demons were practically immortal but they needed food to keep their bodies working and regenerating.

That’s why they were sent to the human kingdom with a mortal demon, so that they can eat him and sustain the journey but they never came to the village and decided to go with another plan that the demon king has formed on his own.

Only the demon generals knew about it." Enid explained.

"That means your father knows about it, right ? What is their main focus, darling ?" Leon asked as he grabbed her nipples and pinched them.

"Anhhh~ to gain as much as information possible about the human kingdom and humans.

The demon king wants human rulers to think that a full fledged attack is coming from the Demon kingdom but it’s just a distraction to move the demons who are already inside the kingdom." Enid replied as she closed her eyes in pleasure.

"What do you mean by demons who are already inside the human kingdom ? I thought they can’t come here without any food." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The thirteen demons came to the mountains six years ago and they started hunting adventurers in those mountains but not in large quantities to raise any suspicions...

They used jwellery and artifacts of dead adventurers as baits to lure in even more adventurers and kill them.

After killing them, the corpses were sent to ’The Point Of Starvation’ to feed normal demons and bring them to the mountains.

In just two years those mountains were crawling with demons but it became a problem as more and more adventurers started spotting them.

That’s when the thirteen demons created a village in the middle of the forest with the same magic that I used on my village.

It can’t be found by humans and those who found it, never lived to tell the tale." Enid spoke.

"How many demons are currently hiding in the kingdom posing as humans ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Too many... Anhhh~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286: That is one ugly dog
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Dungeon, Fifteenth Floor...

Leon sat slouched on his rough rock throne, floating a full meter above the cold stone floor, his fingers drumming against the arm-rest, brows knotted, mind racing.

’Hah... A whole goddamn hidden village buried in the southern mountains, packed with demons. Thirteen fucking demons with hyper regeneration ruling over it, and now Adwin wants my answer by the day after tomorrow.

Fucking hell... All of this because I ran my mouth and told that stupid fucking Charles, "I am king in the south." One sentence. One fucking sentence fucked up so much. I have to start keeping my mouth shut.’

*Swish*

The air tore open. Elis dropped out of nowhere, her knee hitting the ground at once, head bowed so low her hairs brushed against the floor.

"Master... Sir Gerald is asking to have a talk with you," she whispered, voice soft but clear.

"Hmm...? Gerald wants to talk ?" Leon muttered. He pushed off the throne, dropping fast, but before his boots could touch stone his body vanished.

...

Twelfth Floor...

*Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang!*

The massive furnace roared like a living beast, flames licking the ceiling. Heat rolled in waves. Gerald sat hunched over the anvil, hammer rising and falling in a brutal rhythm, beating a glowing curved bow of metal into shape. Sparks exploded with every strike.

Black goggles hid his eyes. Thick brown leather gloves creaked as his fists worked full force.

A tiny elf girl stood right beside him, staring at the metal like her life depended on it. Same big goggles on her eyes, huge scorched leather jacket that covered almost every body part and her cheeks were red from the heat.

*Swish*

Leon appeared out of thin air behind them. His gaze slid across the room and locked on the long rack against the wall—dozens of brand-new weapons still steaming from the forge.

"Gerald, you wanted to see me ?" he asked, voice low, almost lost under the hammer’s song.

"Wait a damn second..." Gerald growled without turning. He lifted the hammer high and slammed it down one last time.

*CRACK*

A sharp crack split the bow limb clean.

The elf girl leaned in, eyes wide.

"If the center is too damn strong, the limbs stay weak as glass. First draw of the string and it shatters. The archer will die before he can take the shot. Start over," Gerald said, voice rough as gravel. He stood up and ripped the goggles off.

"I understand, Teacher," the little elf said quietly. She grabbed the broken piece with tongs and shoved it back into the furnace’s mouth.

"Kid, you’re here, good." Gerald said, finally facing Leon, wiping sweat with a forearm.

"Yeah. What’s the deal with the elf kid ? Isn’t she took small to be playing around here ?" Leon asked, eyebrow raised.

"She was running around this floor, when the blue-haired transperent girl first dragged me down here. I told her to piss off. She looked me dead in the eye and said she wanted to be a blacksmith.

Figured she’d bolt once the heat and noise hit. Two hours later she’s passing me tools before I even ask. Made a deal—she helps, I teach. So now she’s my apprentice. Everything I know dies with me if I don’t pass it on," Gerald said, face flat, honest.

"I see... But, aren’t dwarfs and Elfs enemies ?" Leon asked as they walked together towards the south side of the room.

"I have no enemies kid, but knowledge to pass on... I wouldn’t have given that dagger pair to the dark elf you brought to my shop the other day, if I hated them like the rest." Gerald spoke with a neutral expression as he stopped in front of the corner.

As soon as Leon looked into the corner his eyes twitched in confusion.

Pure black waited there. Not shadow—something thicker. A living fog of darkness that crawled and pulsed, as if it was ready to eat anything that got too close.

"What the fuck is this ?" Leon asked, staring at it with a confused expression.

"In the dwarf kingdom there’s a ritual nobody agrees on—some call it forbidden, some don’t. Blacksmith fixes the finest weapon that he has ever crafted, casts a summoning spell that opens a door straight to the darkness realm, and throws the blade in.

I threw your sword into it," Gerald said, calm as stone.

"Reach in. Picture the Nyxter in your mind. When it burns clear in your head, it’ll be in your hand. The moment your fingers close on the hilt, the trial starts.

Beat it, the sword comes back with a rare skill no forge, no enchantment, no mage in this world can give. Fail it and... Well I don’t know what happens then. Nobody’s come back to tell the tale.

Or I kill the spell right now and forge you a new one. Your choice."

Leon stared harder. "Why the hell would you throw my sword in there?"

Gerald walked away, dropped onto a wooden bench, grabbed a heavy mug dripping with booze, and took a long pull.

*Gulp... Gulp*

He wiped his mouth with the back of his glove and looked up. For one heartbeat his eyes flashed faint gold.

"I needed to know..." he said, voice low, "if I’m making weapons for some guy who just kills big beasts with them... or for someone who actually deserves them.

You can just say no and I will forge you a new sword, it will be made out of iron but it will come with a skill, although it won’t be really good." Gerald replied with a smile.

A slow, dangerous grin spread across Leon’s face.

"You know what ? Your timing couldn’t have been better..."

He didn’t wait. Didn’t think. He shoved his hand straight into the writhing black fog.

Gerald’s eyes shot wide.

’This kid-’

Dark smoke crawled up Leon’s arm like poison veins. His eyes flipped solid black. His whole body locked stiff, breath gone as if his soul was ripped out.

Gerald barked a short laugh, jumped down from the bench and walked upto him, he then slapped leon’s frozen shoulder once, and turned back to the furnace.

"Crazy bastard. No one in history’s ever pulled a blade back out. Hell... no one ever agreed to place their hand into it. Hahaha..."

...

Somewhere...

*Blink—Blink*

Leon’s eyes snapped open.

Cold. Dead silent. Ash fell slow like grey snow.

He looked down—Nyxter already rested heavy in his grip.

He drew it slow. The edge gleamed perfect again, razor-sharp and ready to slice.

Bare trees stood all around, trunks pitch black, branches coated in thick white ash, not a single leaf. The ground was cracked dry earth that drank every sound. Icy wind cut straight through him.

"Where the fu—"

*GRAAAWWWWWLLLLLL*

A guttural roar rolled out behind him.

Leon spun.

Twenty meters away, a massive hound crouched low. Skin gone, muscle gone—just bone and empty air. A gaping hole sat where its chest should be, and inside floated a single glowing green core, pulsing like a sick heart. Empty sockets burned with venomous green fire.

It bared rows of jagged black teeth and growled again, low and hungry.

Leon tightened his grip on the Nyxter’s handle...

"That is one ugly motherfucking dog..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 287: Snow Elf
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

The hound stood rigid, roatten muscles quivering under its fur as it stared at Leon. The green flames burning inside its eyes flared brighter, almost alive, as if reacting to his presence.

<Inspect>

Leon triggered the skill out of habit, expecting the familiar stream of information to appear in front of his eyes but...

Nothing.

Not a flicker.

’What the fuck is happening ?’ he thought with a serious expression.

<Inspect>

He used the skill again, harder this time, almost willing it to work.

Nothing. The silence felt mocking.

<Instant Kill>

<Adrenaline rush>

<Blind Spot>

...

He switched to another skill—any skill—but the result was identical. Hollow. Dead.

’Okay... System, this is not the time to be fucking kidding with me. Wake the fuck up and let me use some ski—’

The thought stuck halfway as frustration mixed with a creeping unease. A hesitant twitch pulled at his expression.

The hound caught it instantly.

Its lips curled back, fangs dripping with hunger and murderous intent. The moment it sensed that pause, it lunged forward.

Woof!!

*Step-step-step-step-step*

"Oh shit... OH SHIT—!" Leon twisted sharply to the right, his body reacting faster than his mind. The hound’s jaws snapped shut where his shoulder had been a second ago.

No break.

No pause.

The beast recoiled and leapt again.

Leon threw himself into a roll, dirt grinding against his palms and back as he narrowly avoided another fatal bite.

"Grawwwhhhh..."

The hound didn’t relent. It began circling him, slow and deliberate, green fire locked on him. Leon pushed himself to his feet, breathing steadying as his expression hardened.

"You’re a good dog, and you don’t—"

The words were cut off as the hound charged again, giving him not a second more.

"Okay, that’s it..." Leon muttered. His hand moved, drawing the nyxter from its sheath.

The moment the blade left the scabbard...

something instinctive and absolutely primal surged inside him.

"LAST RISE... FULL MOON!"

Leon raised the sword high, grip tightening as he rotated it in a perfect clockwise arc.

The motion created a trail of pale, ghostly afterimages drawing the hound in.

Its charge halted mid-step. Its eyes widened.

Its entire body froze as the hypnotic motion pulled at its senses.

The sword continued its rotation, nearing its semi-completion. But before it could’ve completed... The stance broke.

The hound snapped out of the trance.

But by then... it didn’t matter because the blade was already halfway through the hound’s neck.

*Swish*

*Thud*

The severed head hit the ground, rolled once, and stopped with its dead eyes still glowing faintly.

"Fucking hell..." Leon exhaled, shaking the sword to fling off the black blood before sliding it back into its sheath.

’I can use the skill Last Rise... but not the others. Why ?’ The thought gnawed at him as he stared at the nyxter.

*Creak*

A faint sound whispered from behind.

Leon turned immediately, instincts alert.

Among the trees, a small figure peeked out. Just a silhouette at first—then the details sharpened: pale blue skin, long pointed ears and a tiny frame.

"What the fuck...?" Leon muttered under his breath as he focused his eyes on the small elf like kid.

"Hey, kid... who are you ?" he called out.

The child didn’t answer. Instead, he pressed himself further behind the trunk, as if trying to melt into it.

Leon approached slowly, his hand never leaving the hilt of Nyxter.

"Oi... can you understand me?" He stepped around the tree and suddenly his eyes widened in shock because there was no one behind the tree. It was completely empty.

"What the—"

*Swish*

A sound cut the air behind him.

Leon reacted instantly, swinging the nyxter backward in a defensive arc.

*Thud*

As soon as he turned around, Leon saw the kid hanging upside-down from a branch, clutching a thick black wooden stick like a makeshift weapon.

"Your attack is too slow and too loud..." Leon said, eyes narrowing. Fear flooded the child’s face immediately.

The kid dropped the stick and scrambled, trying to pull himself up the branch using only his legs, but Leon grabbed his cloak and yanked him down like lifting a feather.

"Leave me! Leave me! I will kill you! I’ll really kill you!" the kid screamed, his nails digging into Leon’s hand in a desperate attempt to escape.

Leon barely flinched.

"What kind of elf are you...? Never heard of anything like you in video games or comic books," he muttered to himself.

Suddenly, the kid twisted his body and tugged sharply—undoing the knot of his cloak. He slipped free and bolted.

His legs moved fast, frantic, but to Leon it was sluggish—almost slow motion.

"I’m not done with you, little prick." Leon stepped once, closing the distance, and grabbed him by the neck this time.

"Leave me! Leave me!" the kid thrashed again.

Leon drew the nyxter and pressed its cold blade to his small throat.

"Shhh. If you speak another word, I’ll cut off your fucking head. Do you understand ?"

Nod-nod-nod.

Tears streamed down the kid’s face as fear filled his body.

"Good. I ask questions. You answer. Try anything clever, you die. You understand ?" Leon asked as he pressed the blade.

Nod-nod.

"Nice. What are you?"

"S-Snow Elf..." the child stammered.

’Snow elf? What kind of elf is that ?’ Leon frowned but continued.

"You alone ?"

"I—I’m alone."

"What are you doing here? And what is this place ?"

"This is the Forest of Death... I was with my father until I got lost..."

"What were you doing here ?"

"H-Hunting the ghost hounds for cores..."

Leon pointed at the corpse behind him. "That one, is it a ghost hound ?"

"Yes..."

"You were watching me from behind that tree while I was fighting, Why?"

"I-I wanted to kill you and take the core... for myself..."

Leon’s jaw flexed.

"What do the cores do ?"

"They’re food... w-we eat the cores to stay alive..."

Leon fell silent, staring at the dead hound, then the terrified child.

’I still can’t understand... what the fuck am I supposed to do in this trial ?’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 288: Radal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon walked through the dead forest, each step crunching on dry, lifeless dirt. Not a single bird cry. Not a breeze. Not even an insect. Just empty silence stretching endlessly between the skeletal trees.

’This trial... I don’t understand it. What is my goal? What am I supposed—’

*Break*

A sharp snap echoed behind him—the clean sound of a stick cracking under weight.

Leon turned around immediately with a neutral expression on his face.

There he was again.

The same Snow Elf child, following him at a careful distance, half-hidden behind a tree trunk.

’What the hell is his problem? Why is he following me now ? Is he planning to kill me with a stick again ?’ Leon thought and started walking toward the kid with an annoyed expression.

The moment the child saw Leon approaching, he panicked, spun around, and began walking away—like some awkward attempt at pretending he wasn’t tailing him.

"Stop." Leon’s voice cut through the forest.

The elf child halted instantly and slowly turned back, staring at him with a neutral expression.

"Why are you following me ? Don’t say you are not because I have seen you do it." Leon asked, face flat with confusion.

"You didn’t kill me." The child said it with a blank, neutral expression.

"I can now..." Leon replied, hand sliding the sword halfway out of its sheath.

The child didn’t flinch. Instead, he pulled out a dark, prism-shaped locket and held it up.

"Help me find my father. I will give you this." he spoke with a neutral expression.

Leon narrowed his eyes. "What’s that ? A rock ?"

"The core of a Gillian hound. If you eat this, you will become very powerful." He replied with a neutral expression.

Leon blinked with a confused expression. "Then why don’t you eat it ?"

"My body can’t handle all that power."

Leon clicked his tongue. ’If I help him find his father, maybe I can finally get some damn directions out of this endless tree graveyard. And it’s not like I have the system working for me right now... Haa... I thought this trial is going to be a fight to death or something.’ He sighed.

"Where did you see your father last time?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"In that direction." The kid pointed north.

Leon nodded. "Okay, so if we keep heading in—"

"No wait... I think it was that direction." He pointed south this time with the same confused expression.

Leon stared at him. "...You don’t have any idea where you saw him, do you ?"

"No." The child admitted, shoulders dropping with regret.

"Keep following me then..." Leon turned around and started walking north anyway.

The kid followed quietly at his side, step after step, saying nothing.

Twenty three minutes later...

"What’s your name ?" Leon asked without looking at him.

"Ju-ilo."

"Why are you saying your name in two separate words?" Leon raised a brow as he continued to scan the environment around him.

"The first two letters of my father’s name and last three letters of my mother’s name." Ju-ilo explained.

"I see." Leon shrugged. "Whatever works."

Ju-ilo hesitated. "Can I ask you a question?"

"You just did." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Two more questions?"

Leon sighed. "Go on. I don’t exactly have anything better to do right now."

"How did you kill that ghost hound without using magic ?" Ju-ilo asked with a curious expression.

"With my sword." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"So you can’t use mag—"

"Shhhhh..." Leon immediately pressed two fingers to his lips, signaling him to stop.

Creak...

Both of them froze.

Then both of them felt it, The bloodlust. They turned back-to-back.

Step-step-step-step-step...

’I can hear it. Something’s walking. But I can’t see a damn thing in view.’ Leon pulled the nyxter free, his expression sharpening.

"Radal..." Ju-ilo whispered, his eyes narrowing.

"What ?" Leon kept scanning the empty forest.

"It’s a Radal. They can turn invisible for a short time. They always try to catch you from behind and enjoy eating you alive."

Ju-ilo grabbed a stick and held it like a blade.

Then—

Silence.

The footsteps stopped completely and silence covered the environment.

"It will jump now... DODGE!" Ju-ilo shouted and immediately threw himself to the ground.

"Garrwwwwwww!"

A massive blur erupted to Leon’s right and launched at him.

"Fuck—!" Leon ducked and spun aside, feeling claws slice the air where his head had been. When he turned back—

Gone.

The creature turned invisible again.

Step-step-step-step—

’If only I had my skills...’ Leon strained his ears, trying to catch the exact direction.

Then—

A voice whispered inside his mind.

’If you’re trying to listen to its footsteps... then listen properly. Close your eyes. You won’t see it anyway with open eyes.’

Leon froze.

’White Fox...?’ he asked silently in his mind.

’The sword will guide you.’

The voice faded like mist.

’Fucking hell...’ Leon exhaled slowly, closed his eyes, and tightened his grip on the nyxter.

Step-step-step-step-step...

"Run! Run, what are you doing!?" Ju-ilo yelled from a distance, voice shaking. Fear twisted the kid’s face.

But Leon only listened—focused—followed the sound.

The steps suddenly stopped.

’Right behind me...’

Leon’s eyes snapped open.

He twisted the hilt sideways.

"LAST RISE... FULL MOON!"

He spun the sword in a perfect semi-circular arc, turning with it.

The moment he pivoted, the Radal appeared—its black, bear-like body materializing out of nowhere, crouched inches behind him.

Its eyes widened, caught in the hypnotic sweep of the sword’s afterimages.

Then—

The stance broke.

The Radal snapped out of the trance and reacted instantly.

Tang!

It slammed its claws forward, sacrificing them to soften the blow. The nyxter sliced through the claws but only carved halfway through its neck—deep, bloody, fatal, but not enough to kill instantly.

’Fucking hell... he’s too fast to—’

Leon didn’t get to finish the thought.

The Radal immediately raised its other arm, claws slashing toward Leon’s legs.

He knew—instantly—that dodging was impossible.

Leon’s eyes widened.

"Fuck me." He shut his eyes, bracing for impact.

Swish

THUD

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 289: I can’t remember
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blink–Blink...

Leon slowly opened his eyes. His vision steadied and the first thing he saw was the Radal’s corpse lying a few centimetres away, a metallic arrow buried straight in its skull and coming out from the other side.

"What the fuck—!?" Leon snapped upright, his head jerking up.

Three adult Snow Elves hung upside-down from different branches of different trees, each holding a metallic bow glowing with bright purple runes.

One of them dropped gracefully from the tree, landing silently before Leon.

"Who are you, and what are you doing here?" He asked with a confused expression.

"I am—"

*Touch*

Leon froze mid-sentence.

A sharp pressure dug into his back. He turned his head just enough to see another Snow Elf behind him, his spear-tip pressing into his spine.

"Where is my child? His scent... it’s on your hands. Where is he ?" the elf growled as he pressed the spear’s tip deeper into Leon’s back.

"Well... he’s hiding behind that tree, if my memory is serving me right." Leon replied, pointing towards a tree in the distance.

"Ju-ilo ?" the elf called, his voice tightening.

"...Dad ?" Ju-ilo peeked out from behind the trunk as he recognised his father’s voice.

"Ju-ilo!" The spear vanished from Leon’s back as the elf sprinted towards his child. They immediately began speaking—Ju-ilo pointing repeatedly at Leon while explaining something rapidly.

*Slap*

Suddenly, Ju-ilo’s father slapped him across his face and then slapped him once again.

*Slap*

’Wow... They are really having a serious conversation.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

One of the bow-wielders approached Leon, his eyes narrowed. "What kind of creature are you? We’ve never seen anything like you here. Are you... some kind of fairy ?"

"...Did you just say fairy ? Like the fairies that can fly and have little wings ?" Leon asked, visibly shocked and surprised.

"Yes. Are you a fai—"

"Weapons down, everyone." Ju-ilo’s father ordered sharply, cutting him off.

"What? We don’t know how dangerous he is or where he comes from. We should take him back to the village and investigate him."

"He helped my son. If your weapon stays raised, you’ll have an arrow in your chest and my spear in your throat.

Now, do you want that ?" His expression didn’t waver.

The elf holding the bow grimaced but lowered it, glaring at Leon.

But Leon just smiled back at him.

Leon bent down in front of the Radal’s corpse, pulled the nyxter from its half-cut neck, and wiped the blade clean before sheathing it again.

Ju-ilo and his father approached.

"You helped my family," the father said. "I give this Radal to you. Eat it and feed your family, then our debts will be no more." He spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

His companions looked irritated but stayed silent.

"Umm... I don’t need it," Leon replied with a neutral expression. "Just tell me the way out of this forest and I will be on my way."

"A way out ?" The elf raised a brow. "Okay, keep walking south from here without looking to any side, if you do the forest will never let you get out, just look forward and keep moving. You will reach the exit." Ju-ilo’s father explained.

"Ah... thanks." Leon turned and started walking immediately.

"Wait." Ju-ilo’s father stepped forward.

Leon paused.

"If you don’t want the Radal’s body, then at least take this. I will not carry your debt."

He tore open the Radal’s stomach with his spear and pulled out a glowing blue, hexagon-shaped crystal and threw it towards Leon.

Catch.

Leon caught it, glanced at it once, and pocketed it without thinking twice.

"Well... okay." He resumed walking north.

"Wait!" Ju-ilo shouted.

Leon turned again. "Hmm...?"

Ju-ilo ran to him and shoved the black prism into his hands.

"Ah... my hard earned reward. Thanks, kid." Leon held it up as a smile appeared over his face.

The prism squished slightly. Soft. Jelly-like.

’Huh... this thing really is edible.’

"Thanks," Ju-ilo said before turning back to his father. The group began carrying the Radal’s corpse away.

"Oh well, I have to—"

Darkness swallowed Leon’s vision instantly.

’What is happppppppppp...’

...

Inside the Dungeon, Twelfth Floor...

Leon’s eyes snapped open again. The dark smoke around his body receded and vanished, leaving him standing alone with the nyxter in hand.

GAAASPPPPP

"What the fuck!?" Leon gasped, sucking in a lot of air. Sitting right in front of him on a table was Gerald, grinning ear to ear.

"Hahaha! I knew you weren’t just some stupid brat. So I assume you passed the trial... and won those things." Gerald pointed at Leon’s feet.

Leon looked down immediately.

The Radal’s core and the black prism locket lay near his boot.

He reacted immediately and used his skill on them.

<Inspect>

[Name: Radal’s Core]

[Rank: D]

[Description: A magical core obtained from the corpse of a Radal beast. Can be used to add one of it’s random skills to a weapon’s empty skill slot. Snow Elves usually eat them as food, best if consumed with the radal’s eyes.]

[Name: Gillian Hound’s Core]

[Rank: B]

[Description: A magical core obtained from a Gillian Hound’s corpse. Can be consumed to gain extreme boosts in strength, stamina, endurance, dexterity, vigor, charisma, and bloodlust permanently.

Gillian Hounds are mostly extinct in the Dark Realm. Only 2% of the remaining population may possess this core.

Warning: After consumption, remain in a sealed space or open forest for 24–48 hours due to extreme bloodlust increase.

Note: May induce behavioral changes once consumed.]

Leon’s lips curved upward slowly.

"Looks like I fished out something real good."

He pocketed the Gillian Hound’s core.

Gerald leaned forward. "That core... I can use it to—"

"I know. You can use it to add skills to the nyxter." Leon tossed both the weapon and the Radal’s core at him. "Here. Get on with it."

Gerald caught them easily. "Then come back in two hours. Your sword will be ready."

"Good. Then I’ll take my leave." Leon turned toward the exit.

"Oi, kid," Gerald called. "If you don’t mind me asking... what was the trial?"

Leon stopped mid-step.

A confused expression washed over his face.

"...Wait. I can’t remember."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 290: Blow some brains out
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What the hell do you mean you ’can’t remember’ ?" Gerald shot back, brows knotted in confusion.

Leon just shrugged, face blank. "It’s all foggy. Like a half-remembered dream I can’t quite grab."

Gerald pinched the bridge of his nose. "Whatever. Give me two hours. Meet me back here when I’m done with this sword."

Leon’s lips curled into a filthy smirk the second Gerald turned to the forge. "Two hours. Guess I’ll go and fuck Enid’s brains out, hehe."

*Swish.*

Without wasting another second, Leon vanished from the floor.

...

Tenth floor.

Enid sprawled across her bed in nothing but a thin silk gown, lazily rolling a carved wooden bird between her fingers, her thighs rubbing together from sheer boredom. Her fat ass peeked out beneath the hem every time she shifted.

*Swish.*

Leon materialized right behind her like a predator that had been stalking her for hours. The air turned thick with his scent and the raw lusty pheromones that his body was giving off.

He didn’t speak and walked slowly upto Enid.

Leon raised his hand and cracked his palm across her plump ass so hard the slap echoed like a gunshot.

*SMACK!*

His fingers sank deep into the soft, jiggling flesh, squeezing until red handprints bloomed over it.

"ANHHHH~! M-Masterrrr~♡" Enid’s whole body jolted, the wooden bird falling from her hand as her ass wiggled on instinct, begging for more like the greedy bitch she was.

She tried to twist around, her eyes already glassy with need, but Leon wasn’t having it. He dropped his full weight on her back, pinning her face-down into the sheets, thick cock already straining against his pants and grinding between her ass cheeks.

"Hello my dear slutty demon," he growled low, hot breath tickling her ear. "Miss me ?"

A violent shiver ripped through her. Her pussy clenched so hard she felt the wetness seep straight through the gown.

"Remis..." he muttered, triggering the skill.

<Touch Of Lust>

Instantly, a brutal wave of molten pleasure slammed into her core. Her cunt spasmed like it was trying to suck something inside that wasn’t even there yet. Thin strands of pre-cum drooled down her thighs, soaking the sheets and her red gown in seconds.

"M-Master... please..." she started to beg, voice cracking.

Leon clamped a rough hand over her mouth, fingers digging into her cheeks.

"Shut the fuck up, bitch." He ripped the flimsy gown down the front with zero patience, fabric tearing like paper. Her heavy tits spilled out, nipples stiff and begging.

"I’m gonna strip this useless rag off you and pound that sloppy wet pussy until your legs don’t work. You got a problem with that ?"

Enid frantically shook her head, muffled whimpers leaking against his palm, drool already running down her chin.

"Good girl." without wasting another second he yanked her hips up, forcing her ass high in the air like a breeding sow. Her soaked pussy lips glistened, twitching and dripping in anticipation.

Leon pulled out his fat, veiny cock out of his pants and dragged it through her sloppy folds, the swollen head kissing her entrance over and over, smearing her sticky juices along his shaft until it glistened like polished steel.

"You want this fat cock splitting your stupid pussy open, don’t you, you filthy little demon whore ?" he taunted, grinding slow and cruel against her twitching cunt.

*Nod-nod-nod-nod*

Enid bucked her hips back desperately, trying to swallow him whole, drooling like a bitch in heat from her pussy lips.

Leon just laughed, dark and nasty. "Nah-uh, dumb little cumrag. You don’t get this dick until you say something that makes my balls ache to fuck you hard.

So, let’s play a little game... I am going to remove my hand from your stupid mouth and the next words put of your mouth better be pleasing to my ears or I will keep rubbing my dick over your pussy but no fucking will happen... Your time starts now."

He peeled his hand off her mouth, spit strings stretching between his palm and her swollen lips.

"Ten seconds, slut. Make it good, or I can really rub this dripping hole all fucking night."

Enid’s voice came out hoarse, broken, absolutely desperate already.

"I’m just a worthless demon fuckhole who lives to serve this strong human cock... no one can punish this greedy, leaking cunt like Master’s strong cock can... please, please break my insides until I’m nothing but a cum sleeve for your—"

*SCHLURK!!*

Leon’s eyes rolled back in pure lust and he slammed every inch into her in one savage thrust, her pussy walls ripping open around his girth with a wet squelch that echoed through the room.

*SLAP*

"That’s fucking enough, Bitch." he snarled, shoving her face so deep into the mattress her screams came out muffled and pathetic but loud enough to be heard across the room.

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! YESSSSSSSSSSS!!! FUCKKKKK MEEEEEEE!!! ♡♡♡♡♡"

Her cunt spasmed wildly, gushing around his pistoning cock as he immediately started pounding her like a rabid beast.

*SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!*

The sound of his hips bruising her fat ass filled the room, wet and obscene, her juices splattering everywhere with every brutal thrust.

"ANH♡! ANH♡! ANH♡! ANH♡! YES♡! YES♡! YES♡! FUCK♡! ME♡! HARDER♡!"

For the next seventy-five straight minutes he never slowed, never changed position, just railed her prone-bone like she was a cheap onahole. One hand kept her head pinned, the other gripped her lips and cheeks.

He triggered another skill—<Lust Bite>—and sank his teeth into her shoulders, her back, her neck, marking her like property. Crimson bite marks bloomed across her pale skin while she sobbed and begged at first:

"M-Mercy, Master—too deep—gonna break—ANHHH!!"

But after the first hour something inside her snapped.

She stopped fighting.

Her eyes went glassy, tongue lolling out the corner of her mouth, drool pooling beneath her cheek as she surrendered completely. Her cunt turned into a mindless, squirting fleshlight, cumming over and over with every punishing stroke, soaking the sheets until they were dark and heavy with her shame.

Leon still hadn’t blown.

His cock only swelled thicker inside her, veins pulsing angrily against her battered walls. His heavy balls—swollen and aching—slapped her swollen clit and puffy pussy lips until they glowed red, the lewd... *thwack-thwack-thwack*

And he clearly had no intentions of stopping anytime soon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 291: Rees is Back !?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK!*

One hundred and ten minutes of pure, savage fucking. The bed frame had long since cracked, the mattress sagged like a swamp, soaked through with sweat and cum. Enid’s face was utterly ruined: crossed, twitching eyes, tongue lolling out the side of her mouth like a broken fuckdoll, drool pouring in thick ropes onto the sheets.

"Anhhh~♡ Annh~♡ Anh~♡ Mas—ter... plea—se... mercy... gonna dieee~♡" Her voice cracked into pathetic little squeaks, every word punched out of her by the fat cock slamming into her guts.

Leon didn’t even hear her anymore.

His balls drew up tight, swollen to the point of pain, veins throbbing along his shaft as it thickened inside her one last time.

"Fuuuuck..." he snarled through gritted teeth.

*SCHLURP!*

He ripped his cock completely out of her gaping cunt, a torrent of creamy juices gushing out. Then, with a single murderous thrust, he speared straight through her battered cervix and buried himself to the root inside her womb.

*SCHLAAAP!*

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!! ♡♡♡♡♡"

Enid’s scream shattered the air. Her ass and thighs spasmed uncontrollably, back arching so hard it looked like she’d snap in half. Her eyes rolled fully white, tongue flopping uselessly as her ahegao turned grotesque with raw, brain-melting pleasure.

Leon’s cock pulsed like a firehose.

Hot, thick ropes of cum erupted straight into her womb; one, two, five, ten massive spurts, each one thicker than the last. His balls clenched and unclenched, pumping her full until her belly visibly swelled, taut and round like she was already months pregnant.

The pressure was too much. His cum exploded back out around his buried shaft in filthy, creamy geysers, splattering the sheets, the headboard, their thighs.

*SQUIIIIIIIRRRRTTTTTTTTTTT!!!*

Enid’s own orgasm detonated at the exact same second. A violent jet of clear cum blasted from her ruined pussy, hosing down Leon’s abs and the bed in a shameful, endless flood.

Her whole body seized, limbs thrashing, then went completely limp.

Eyes blank.

Tongue still out.

Pussy still twitching and drooling cum in weak little pulses.

She was gone; fucked unconscious, mind shattered, womb packed so full of semen it leaked in steady streams from her gaping, red-swollen hole.

Leon stayed buried inside her for a few more seconds, grinding lazily, letting the last drops ooze into her depths.

Then he pulled out with a wet *POP!*, a river of white pouring out after him.

’Hah... That was really something. I don’t really know how I kept pounding her pussy for that long in the same position... But, it felt something else.

It was as if my body wanted me to keep breeding her until she is pregnant or something. I really went wild this time...’ Leon thought with a smile as he slowly placed his fingers over her pussy lips and opened them slowly.

*Squirt*

But as soon as he opened them, more white cum squirted out.

’Wow... I am really cumming buckets.’

"Phew... I should get back to Gerald. Nyxter should be ready by now." Leon thought as he immediately wore his clothes and vanished from the room.

As soon as Leon disappeared, Elis re-appeared in the room and walked upto Enid with a curious expression.

She noticed the white semen drooling down from her pussy and placed her fingers in it.

Elis brought the semen closer to her face and stared at it curiously.

....

Twelfth Floor,

*Swish*

Leon re-appeared on the floor and noticed Gerald holding the nyxter on his pinky finger’s fingertip and he was staring at it with a serious expression.

"Is something wrong with it’s balance ?" Leon asked from behind as he started walking towards him.

"Well... I fixed the balance of the sword but I have some doubts that it’s still a little off-balance.

It won’t matter to you, so don’t worry." Gerald spoke as he threw the nyxter towards Leon.

*Catch*

Leon grabbed the sword and gave it some swings.

"Hmm... I feel it’s a little off-balance." Leon replied with a smile.

"Oh yeah ? If you can tell me from which side this blade is off-balanced... I will become your slave right here and right now." Gerald replied with a smile as he looked at Leon.

"From the handle side...?" Leon spoke with a confused expression.

"Nope... Now check out the skill that you got." Gerald spoke as he sat down on the wooden chair and picked up the jug that was full of booze.

<Inspect>

[Name: Nyxter]

[Type: Weapon]

[Rank: Rare]

[Crafter: Gerald Lon Kiggester]

[Description: A special sword crafted by legendary blacksmith Gerald Lon Kiggester. Forged from Travertine — a sacred, near-indestructible material from the Dwarf Kingdom. Don’t be fooled by its dark look. The sword houses five distinct razor sharp blades, capable of slicing through nearly any surface.]

[Skill slots: 5]

[Skills: {Blade Of Artimes}]

[Enchantments: None]

’Huh...’ Leon thought as he immediately clicked on the skill.

[Name: Blade of Artimes]

[Rank: Rare]

[Description: Upon activation, enchants the sword’s edge for 10 minutes, increasing its sharpness tenfold.

Each successful strike on a target applies a stackable Poison debuff, dealing 100 damage and reducing regeneration speed by 80% every second until the skill ends. Regeneration speed reduction does not stack but Poison debuff does.]

[Mana: 50000]

[Cooldown: 120 seconds]

’My, My... Would you look at that ? What a great skill it is.’ Leon thought as a big smile spread across his face.

"Looks like it’s a really good skill, since you are smiling like that." Gerald spoke with a smile as he looked at Leon.

"It’s good." Leon replied with a smile.

"What is-"

*Swish*

Before Gerald could’ve asked his question, Elis appeared in between them and bowed down to Leon immediately.

"Master... Sir Rees is standing on the dungeon’s entrance. Should I let him inside ?" Elis asked with a neutral expression.

"Rees is back ?" Leon asked with a shocked and surprised expression.

"Yes, Master." Elis replied.

"Is he alone ?"

"There is a lady with him as well, Master."

"I will go and see them myself." Leon spoke as he immediately placed the nyxter into his inventory and disappeared from the floor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 292: Always Die strong
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Swish*

In a ripple of spatial energy, Leon materialized on the first floor of the dungeon. The moment his feet touched the cold stone, the massive gates groaned open on their own, ancient mechanisms grinding to life as if welcoming their master home.

"Why the hell aren’t these doors opening u—Ahhhhhhh..."

*Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank*

The heavy doors had barely parted when a skeletal figure came tumbling through, rolling down the short flight of stairs in a chaotic clatter of bones. Rees came to a halt mere inches from Leon’s boots, sprawled in an undignified heap.

"Hello, Rees." Leon’s lips curved into a faint, amused smile as he gazed down at the lich.

"Sir Leon... I greet you." Rees scrambled to his feet with surprising grace for a being made of bone, then bowed deeply, his empty sockets fixed respectfully on the ground.

"It’s been a while... Where have you been?" Leon’s expression shifted to neutral, though a hint of curiosity flickered in his eyes.

"Haha... You see, there was—"

*Step-step*

The sound of light footsteps echoed from beyond the gates. A woman stepped into the dungeon’s dim light, her presence carrying the faint scent of blooming flowers and ancient forests.

Leon’s eyes widened in genuine surprise. Standing before him was none other than Medina—the former Mother of Fairies herself—her ethereal beauty undimmed, beautiful hair cascading like moonlight.

"I greet the Dungeon Master." Medina offered a warm smile as she bowed gracefully to Leon.

"Well, well... If it isn’t the Mother of Fairies." He returned the smile, his tone laced with playful recognition.

"Not anymore..." Medina’s cheeks tinted with a soft blush as she straightened. "I have decided to give up that title. Now, I am just Mr. Rees’ wife."

"Eh...? EHHH...?" Leon’s composure cracked entirely. His gaze darted back and forth between the Rees and the ex-fairy mother, confusion etched across his features.

"It’s true, Sir Leon. I have married Medina, and now we are a married couple." Rees rubbed the back of his smooth skull in a remarkably human gesture of embarrassment, as if scratching an itch that no longer existed.

Leon stared for a long moment, processing the absurdity of it all. "I have so many questions... But I’m only going to ask two. When did this happen? And where are the people from the village?"

Medina’s smile brightened, her eyes sparkling with quiet joy as she explained. "When you left the forest, I had intended to give up my powers entirely to relinquish my title. But Sir Rees... he offered a better way. A way to step down without losing everything."

She glanced fondly at Rees who was now standing beside her. "A Fairy Mother cannot marry. The moment she does, the title is stripped away, but most of her powers remain. And so... we got married. We sealed our vows at the Pool of Life and Death, under the ancient waters that bind souls eternally."

"That’s why it took us some time to return," Rees added, his bony fingers intertwining with Medina’s delicate ones. "When we came back to the village, the people were happy. The fairies had begun teaching them magic, real magic. After long discussions, the villagers decided to stay. They’re now building a new home deep in the heart of the forest, together with the fairies. A place where humans and fairies can live peacefully."

Leon listened in silence, his face betraying none of the storm raging inside.

’Fucking hell... All those fuckable women, gone just like that. An entire village of opportunities went up in smoke. Damn it, I should’ve at least brought back that one girl... the one with no gag reflex. What a waste.’

His expression twisted into one of profound regret, brows furrowed and lips pressed into a thin line.

"Something wrong, Mr. Leon?" Medina tilted her head, concern creasing her flawless features.

"Can you still read my mind?" Leon asked quickly, a touch of alarm in his voice.

"Oh no, no..." She laughed lightly, shaking her head. "That ability was taken with the title. My thoughts are my own now and everyone else’s are safe from me."

"Good." Leon exhaled, relief washing over him. Then, a mischievous glint returned to his eyes. He raised both hands, making exaggerated, unmistakable gestures, the universal sign for having sex. "Say, now that both of you are married... How are you going to... you know..."

"Hmm...? What does that—" Medina began, genuine confusion clouding her expression.

"It’s a spiritual wedding, Sir Leon," Rees cut in smoothly, his tone firm as he looked at Leon, "We don’t require a physical relationship to prove our bond."

"Oh well... She’s your wife. Do whatever you want with her." Leon shrugged with a wicked grin, placing his hand over Rees’ shoulder. "But if she ever needs some physical satisfaction, you know where to find me. Just two floors down."

"Oh, do I still live on floor eighteen, Sir Leon ?" Rees asked.

"Yes... but for now, you’re coming with me. Elis will show Medina to the eighteenth floor." Leon’s voice returned to its usual commanding neutrality.

*Swish*

A soft distortion in the air, and Elis materialized behind him like a shadow given form. She bowed deeply, her movements precise and elegant.

"As you command, Master. But... for some reason, I can’t teleport her to the floor. She is protected with some kind of magic."

"Ah... Try now." Medina gave Elis a knowing smile, her aura shifting subtly as some invisible restriction lifted.

*Swish*

In an instant, both of them vanished, leaving only the faint scent of Medina’s floral magic lingering in the air.

Leon turned to Rees without missing a beat. "Take a look at this." He flicked his wrist, tossing a dark, pulsating core toward him. The core of the Gillian Hound, still thrumming with otherworldly energy.

*Catch*

Rees snatched it mid-air. He held it up, staring in silence for a long moment. Then, with a soft tap against his own skull, a thin red beam shot from his left eye socket, scanning the core like a machine analyzing data.

"Huh... This is not from this realm, is it?" Rees finally said, his voice low.

"Nope." Leon smirked as he started walking toward the dungeon’s exit, the cool night air already beckoning.

"May I ask what realm this is from?" Rees followed close behind, the core still cradled carefully in his bony palm.

"I don’t remember." Leon glanced upward as they emerged into the open. Dark clouds raced across the sky, driven by a restless wind that whispered through the trees. "All I know is that tonight, I’m consuming it. And we’re going deep into the forest for that."

"Sir Leon... The mana in this thing is abnormal." Rees’s tone carried genuine caution. "From what I can detect, it will flood your body and mind with violent bloodlust. Uncontrollable, perhaps."

"I know that as well." Leon’s smile didn’t waver.

"And... I suppose you’re still going to consume it?"

"Yes. And I want you there to watch." Leon replied with a neutral expression. "If I lose control or if I try to do something stupid, you will have to contain me. Hold me in a magic barrier or something until I’ve absorbed every last drop of its power."

Rees shook his head, a dry rattle echoing from his jaw. "Always doing something crazy... You are truly one strange human. It’s like you have no fear of death."

Leon chuckled softly, accepting the core back and slipping it into his inventory. "Sometimes it’s better to die strong than to die weak. And believe me, I’ve died weak before. It’s not good."

As they walked deeper into the shadowed woods, a warm, ethereal blue light suddenly bathed the world from above. Both of them stopped and looked skyward.

Two brilliant full moons hung in the clear night sky, their azure glow washing over the forest like a gentle benediction as the dark clouds vanished completely from the sky.

"Looks like we’ve survived the winters successfully..." Leon murmured with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 293: Mikael Malkovich
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Two blue moons hung high in the sky, casting an ethereal glow over the forest as slow, chilling winds rustled through the trees.

Rees and Leon trudged deeper into the woods, their weapons at the ready, senses sharpened against the encroaching shadows.

Rees gripped a long wand in his left hand, its tip humming faintly with one offensive pre-cast spell and one defensive barrier primed for instant activation.

Leon held Nyxter fully sheathed, invisible mana threads coiled around each blade like taut spider silk, ready to unleash the sword in a heartbeat.

"This area of the forest... it’s unnaturally silent," Rees murmured, channeling a scanning spell that pulsed outward, probing the surroundings for hidden threats.

"The crickets are still chirping, and those birds circling above suggest no predators are around," Leon replied in a hushed tone, his eyes locked on the winding path ahead, every muscle coiled for action.

"How deep are we going, Sir Leon?" Rees asked, his voice laced with hesitation.

"Deep enough so that no one can interrupt me," Leon answered flatly, pressing forward without breaking stride.

"Sir Leon... we’ve already delved farther than any adventurer has ever came," Rees pressed.

"I know. Now, stay quiet for a moment," Leon commanded.

’In case my bloodlust spirals out of control, I need a safeguard,’ Leon thought, his expression unchanging as he used the skill.

"Skill Crafter..."

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Calm Mind."

[Skill ’Calm Mind’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"As soon as the skill is used, it will stabilize the user’s mind and calm it down from any overwhelming emotions."

[Processing....]

[Error: User can’t craft this particular skill.]

Leon’s eyes widened in bewilderment as the notification flashed before him.

"What the—" But before he could finish, an ominous shift gripped the air.

The crickets fell silent. The birds halted their flight, vanishing into the canopy. The forest plunged into an eerie, suffocating quiet.

"Mr. Leon..." Rees whispered, raising his wand and pivoting sharply.

"Get ready," Leon growled, his voice serious as he yanked Nyxter free in a fluid motion.

*Swish*

"But... I don’t sense anything. My skill shows nothing—"

"Hello."

The voice slithered from the left, cold and mocking.

Leon and Rees whipped around in unison, locking eyes on a figure emerging from the underbrush—a man in tattered rags, long black hair cascading to his knees, jagged nails glinting on his left hand. Blood smeared his lips and chin, a gruesome crimson mask.

*Step*

He stepped fully into view, and Leon’s blood ran cold. In his hidden right hand, he clutched two severed heads: one a hob-goblin’s, the other a crimson-skinned variant with twin horns jutting from its forehead.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Mikael Malkovich]

[Class: Chimera]

[Race: Vendigo]

[Level: 372]

[HP: 370002000/370002000]

[MP: 45000000/36486287]

[Description: Mikael Malkovich was part of an experiment done by the Lopez household’s leader in order to fight demons, but after fighting the Demon general Gurua and eating her meat, Mikael unlocked hyper regeneration and gained immense powers in exchange for his sanity.

Mikael is neither a monster nor a human, he is something else. He still holds his grudge for the Lopez household and wants to slaughter them once again.]

’Fucking monster...’ Leon’s mind raced, adrenaline surging as he activated every combat skill in his arsenal.

<Multi-Cast>

<Steelweb Armour>

<Leeching Aura>

<Reverberate>

<Life Steal>

<Adrenaline Rush>

<Blade of Artemis>

...

Power flooded his veins in an instant. His aura erupted like a storm, encasing his body in pitch-black metallic armor that gleamed ominously under the moonlight. His eyes darkened to abyssal voids, every sense heightened to razor sharpness.

"Here I thought the Red Ogre would be my meal... but it seems I’ve got dessert too," Mikael sneered, dropping the heads with casual disdain.

*THUD-THUD*

*Swish*

In a blur, Mikael vanished, reappearing behind Leon like a phantom. "This armor won’t save you..." His nail pierced Leon’s shoulder, slicing through the Steelweb Armour as if it were parchment, drawing a hot spray of blood.

Pain lanced through Leon’s arm, but he spun with explosive speed, Nyxter whipping through the air in a deadly arc—only to cleave empty space. Mikael was already gone.

’His speed... it’s inhuman,’ Leon thought, gritting his teeth as sweat beaded on his brow.

*Swish*

Mikael materialized inches from Leon’s face, languidly licking the blood from his nail. *Lick* "Hmm... tastes off. You haven’t been eating well. Oh well... time to hunt you.

Why don’t you start running ?" Mikael’s grin widened, predatory and feral, as his nails elongated into razor-sharp metallic claws, glinting with lethal promise.

Leon didn’t flinch. He shifted his stance, Nyxter humming with restrained power, his breath steady despite the pounding of his heart.

"That’s new... No one’s ever stood their ground after realizing they’re just a bug to me," Mikael chuckled, his voice dripping with amusement. Then, in a heartbeat, he blurred out of sight.

’Fuc—’ Leon’s thought cut off as instinct screamed. He whirled, predicting the strike—but Mikael wasn’t behind him.

<Hex-Mana Shield>

*Tang*

"Above you... Sir!" Rees bellowed, thrusting his wand forward. A shimmering barrier erupted around Leon, layers of hexagonal mana weaving into an impenetrable dome.

Leon glanced up just in time, Mikael hovered mid-air, claws descending like falling stars, slowly but inexorably piercing the shield with a grinding *crack* of fracturing energy.

"Fuck..." Leon cursed, diving right as the barrier shattered in a cascade of sparks.

*Thud*

Mikael slammed into the earth, craters forming under his feet. He inspected his claws with mild curiosity, then turned his gaze to Rees, a wicked smile curling his lips.

"Hah..." In a flash, he vanished again, reappearing behind Rees like death’s shadow, claws slashing towards his necro-heart.

*Swish*

But Leon was faster as he had already predicted his move. He pivoted with blinding precision, Nyxter singing through the air in a horizontal sweep that connected with Mikael’s wrist.

*Cut*

The hand severed clean, tumbling to the dirt in a spray of dark ichor.

*Thud*

Mikael didn’t scream or retreat. He stared at the stump, confusion flickering across his features as regeneration crawled at a snail’s pace, tendrils of flesh knitting far too slowly.

"What?" he muttered, eyes narrowing. The army that should’ve been repaired immediately is taking so much time just to stop the bleeding.

Leon seized the opening.

"LAST RISE: FULL MOON!"

His voice thundered as he channeled the skill, Nyxter whirling in a hypnotic circular motion. Moonlight seemed to amplify the blade’s edge, casting illusory foreshadows that danced like phantoms, drawing Mikael’s gaze into a trance.

The stance shattered. Nyxter exploded forward, a silver streak aimed at Mikael’s neck with velocity that warped the air.

Mikael’s instincts fired. His bare feet clamped the ground, toes and claws digging deep into soil like anchors. With a guttural snarl, he twisted his body at the last possible instant, the blade grazing his throat in a whisper of wind.

*SWISH*

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

Nyxter’s blades detached in a chaotic storm, hurtling outward like shrapnel. Trees splintered and toppled in rapid succession, bark exploding as the projectiles carved through the forest in devastating arcs.

*Haaaah*

Leon exhaled a steamy breath, sweat slicking his armor as he reset his stance, pointing Nyxter’s handle at Mikael.

"Nyxter..." he intoned, grip tightening. In a whirlwind rush, the blades reversed course, snapping back into place with metallic *clinks*.

Mikael’s casual demeanor shattered, replaced by a deadly glare. Carelessness evaporated; he now faced a true threat.

"I’ll hang your head in my lair..." he spoke, voice a low rumble of fury, claws flexing as tension crackled in the air between them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 294: Billi-taash of Deadman’s Spell
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon and Mikael circled each other in the middle of the forest as Rees continued to cast defensive barriers around Leon’s body with all the buffs he had.

’He is fast... too fast... Even after so much concentration, I can only see some of his movements.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as sweat beads formed over his forehead.

His grip on the Nyxter’s handle tightened... As he used another skill.

<Glitch Point>

As soon as he used the skill, thousands of red dots appeared all over Mikael’s body...

’He is completely vulnerable and has no defensive spells... it’s his dexterity that makes him lethal. Only if I can make him a little slower-’ Suddenly Leon’s eyes widened as he remembered something crucial.

Without wasting another second Leon stopped circling and stabbed his sword into the ground.

*Stab*

"Hmm...?" Mikael looked at Leon with a confused expression as he couldn’t understand what was happening.

"Come on then..." Leon spoke with a smile as he placed both of his hands into his pocket and deactivated the steelweb armour.

"S-Sir Leon, W-What are you doing ? He will kill both of us." Rees spoke in a worried tone as he couldn’t understand what Leon was trying to do.

"Are you accepting defeat ?" Mikael asked with a confused and suspicious expression.

"Sure..." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Mikael.

"KEKEKEKEKEKEKE... HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA... I THOUGHT YOU WERE BETTER THAN THIS... YOU ARE THE STRONGEST OPPONENT I HAVE FACED TILL THIS DAY BUT YOU HAVE ACCEPTED DEFEAT IN SUCH AN EASY WAY... HAHAHAHA..." Mikael shouted loudly as he laughed like a crazed maniac.

’Oh well... No matter how much power you have, it won’t matter if you don’t have a working brain.’ Leon thought with a smirk as he continued to look at Mikael.

"I shall consume you now..." Mikael spoke as he immediately disappeared from his position and re-appeared right in front of his face with his hand raised high in the air ready to kill Leon with one strike.

*Click*

But, before he could’ve even touched him... His whole body froze.

’1...’

Leon didn’t waste time and pulled out both of his hands from his pockets immediately.

’2...’

As soon as he pulled his hands out, a broken pocket watch fell down.

"Chitty Chitty, Bang Bang... Motherfucker." Leon spoke as he immediately grabbed the nyxter’s handle and pulled it out from the ground.

’3... 4...’

*Swish*

In just a split second, Nyxter’s blades sliced through Mikael’s throat and beheaded him.

’5.’

As soon as the five seconds were over...

*THUD-THUD*

Mikael’s head got separated from his body and fell down on the ground.

"W-What !?" Rees asked with a shocked tone as he couldn’t understand what just happened.

"Finally this came in handy... All the mana that I fed it was all worth it." Leon spoke in a low voice as he picked up the pocket watch from the ground and placed it back in his pocket.

"Sir... Leon... I-I don’t understand, how did you-!? When did you !?" Rees asked as he looked at Leon.

"Don’t worry... You will understand with time." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Rees.

’Wait... Something is not right, I didn’t level up after killing him. He is a monster of such a high level and I didn’t get any experience points... That means...’

*Crack*

With cracking sounds, Mikael’s body started moving once again.

"How the fuck is that even possible ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he raised the nyxter once again in order to end it but before he could’ve landed the hit, Mikael’s body moved rapidly to the side.

"Billi-taash of the Deadman’s Spell." Rees spoke as he looked at the moving headless corpse.

"What’s that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s a forbidden spell that can be used on chimeras and demons, since they have good regeneration abilities and more than one hearts.

If the head of the host is removed from the body... The body goes into a reflexive state, where the primary target of the body is to get back to safety and rejoin the head to itself." Rees explained in a hurry.

As soon as Leon turned to look at the body again, he noticed that it wasn’t there and neither was the head.

"Fucking hell..." Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Should I cast a scanning spell to find the body, Sir ?" Rees asked.

’I can find it if I want with ’Compass Of Heart’ but for now I have to absorb that core. I used everything I had up my sleeve in order to kill him and yet he survived.

Ordanto’s watch will take around 24 hours to recharge once again and I have to give all of my mana to it while it recharges. I have to get stronger fast.’ Leon thought as he immediately sheathed the nyxter.

"Let’s go." Leon replied as he started walking deeper into the forest.

"Yes." Rees replied as he started following Leon.

30 minutes later...

Both of them came to a halt and looked around.

"This place is good..." Leon spoke as he sat down on the ground in lotus position.

He then took out the Gillian Hound’s core from his inventory and ate it without thinking twice.

*Nom-Nom*

"Hmm... Tastes like blue berry." Leon spoke in a low voice as he closed his eyes and started focusing in order to control his bloodlust.

But as soon as he closed his eyes... A tingling sensation started crawling throughout his whole body.

His heart started beating faster and faster as all the veins in his body started to pop up.

"This can’t be good..." Rees spoke in a low voice as he immediately casted a very strong defensive dome around Leon.

’Fuck... Fuck... It hurts... IT HURTS LIKE HELLLLL...’ Leon shouted in his mind but kept his mouth closed, keeping his concentration on one point in order to take his mind off of the pain but it didn’t work.

Suddenly, blood started flowing out of his hands, eyes, mouth and ears.

"Sir, Leon... You have to stop this is not-" Rees started speaking as he walked inside the protection barrier and tried to stop Leon but as soon as Rees’ hand touch Leon’s shoulder...

*Grab*

*Crack*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 295: Rexian Bear
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Rees’ hand touched Leon’s shoulder, Leon’s hand shot up like a vice and clamped down on it with terrifying force.

Grab

Crack

"Shit-" Rees cursed as he instinctively tried to pull back.

*Crack*

The sound didn’t stop.

Bone fragments grinded against each other inside Leon’s fist as Rees’ hand was crushed mercilessly. Blood leaked out between Leon’s fingers, dripping onto the dirt below.

Leon’s expression twisted grotesquely. His brows furrowed, his jaw clenched so hard it looked like his teeth might shatter. Every muscle in his body trembled as if on the verge of tearing itself apart.

’It hurts like hell... no—worse than hell,’ Leon thought, his consciousness wavering.

’It’s like my body is being thrown into a fucking grinder again and again. It stops for a moment... just long enough to give me hope... and then it starts all over again.’

His breathing grew uneven.

’Thousands of needles... no—millions—piercing every part of my body at once. Inside my bones. Inside my veins. Fuck... how long do I have to endure this!?’

Rees staggered back, clutching the ruined remains of his hand, his expression pale despite his undead body.

’I don’t think Master Leon will be able to successfully absorb all the power of that core,’ Rees thought grimly as he forced himself to sit on the stump of a fallen tree nearby.

’But... if he somehow does... then nothing in this world will be able to stop him after this.’

Six hours passed and night passed...

"Hm...?" Rees slowly lifted his head.

A thin ray of sunlight pierced through the canopy of the forest, illuminating the ground in a soft golden hue.

’It’s morning already...’ His hollow gaze returned to Leon.

Leon was still seated on the ground, completely motionless.

Dried blood crusted his face, neck, and arms. His skin looked scorched, almost cooked, as if intense heat had been sealed beneath it. With every slow breath he took, white-hot steam poured out of his mouth and nostrils.

Shhhhhhh...

Fuuuuuu....

His chest rose and fell sluggishly. Sweat gathered across his body in thick layers, dripping down like condensation on burning metal.

’A normal human would’ve been dead long ago...’ Rees thought, his voice heavy.

’How strong is Sir Leon’s will... to endure such agony for so long without losing himself?’

Crack—Crack—Crack—Crack

Suddenly, the sound of breaking echoed through the clearing.

Rees’ eyes widened.

Leon’s skin began to ripple unnaturally, as if something beneath it was shifting and rearranging itself.

"What the- !?" Rees jumped back to his feet.

Crack—Crack—Crack—Crack

Leon’s eyes snapped open.

They were completely bloodshot.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"

His scream tore through the forest like a dying beast’s howl. The pain returned all at once, magnified beyond comprehension. Bones shattered inside his body one after another, twisting and snapping as if an invisible force was tearing him apart from within.

His limbs bent at impossible angles. His body convulsed violently, as though possessed by something monstrous.

"T-The final phase...!" Rees shouted, panic bleeding into his voice.

"It’s the final phase! SIR LEON—THIS IS THE LAST PHASE OF THE ABSORPTION! YOUR BODY IS RECONSTRUCTING ITS SKELETAL STRUCTURE! YOU HAVE TO SURVIVE THROUGH IT!"

CRACK—CRACK—CRACK—CRACK—CRACK—CRACK—CRACK

"IT HURTS LIKE HEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL—!!!" Leon screamed.

"IT HURTS—IT FUCKING HURTS—!!!"

Larger bones snapped violently. His legs twisted with sickening sounds.

Rees clenched his fists.

’He won’t survive like this...’

’Water. I need water—now.’

He slammed his wand into the ground.

<Undead’s Scan>

Mana spread outward in invisible waves.

"Fuck..." Rees muttered. "No river nearby..."

Gritting his teeth, he poured more mana into the spell.

"I’ll extend the range to the maximum."

It didn’t take long.

Ten kilometers away—a river.

"There."

"Alzeris Vom... Julan Revio... Telekenris... Roka."

Thud

The spell activated.

Leon’s broken, convulsing body slowly lifted into the air.

’The heat inside him is rising too fast,’ Rees thought urgently.

’If I don’t get him into water immediately... his body will explode.’

He quickly shoved his wand aside and pulled a piece of paper from within his robe. Dense runes covered its surface, an emergency spell.

"I’m sorry, Medina..." Rees whispered.

"But this is an emergency."

"Olmar Ilon Yumol Loruo... Des Tele Froun Porte."

Thud

The moment he struck the ground with his wand, all the mana inside his body was violently drained.

Both of them vanished.

...

Ten kilometers away...

Swish

Leon and Rees reappeared in front of a massive river connected to a towering, majestic waterfall.

Using the very last drop of mana in his body, Rees guided Leon over the river.

The spell collapsed.

SPLASH

Leon’s body crashed into the water.

His screams stopped instantly.

Thud

Rees’ body suddenly stiffened.

He fell face-first onto the ground like a discarded doll.

’Shit...’

’All my mana is gone... Those two spells took everything...’

’It’s fine... the necro-heart will regenerate some mana soon and I’ll be able to’

Shush

His thoughts froze.

’What... was that?’

Sniff—Sniff

’It’s near my legs...’

Sniff—Sniff—Sniff

The sound grew closer.

Rees’ hollow eyes slowly shifted upward as a massive shadow loomed over him.

"Gaww...?"

A monstrous creature stared down at him.

A Rexian Bear.

Sixteen feet tall. Ten feet wide.

Two massive heads.

One head sniffed Rees’ bony body.

The other sniffed toward the river.

Its scarred head was covered in deep cuts and old woundsmarks of countless battles it had survived.

’No... no no no...’ Rees’ mind screamed.

’Not one of these... Why does it have to be a Rexian Bear?’

’If winter had lasted even one day longer... this wouldn’t have happened.’

’It has to be the lord of this area who just awakened from it’s winter sleep.’

’A Rexian Bear is as strong as a small dragon. They can kill ogre chiefs in single combat. Their skin is tougher than metal, and their jaws can crush a Vulmort Tortoise’s shell easily.’

’And after winter sleep... their senses are heightened enough to smell blood from kilometers away-’

"Gaww..."

The second head suddenly turned toward the river.

Then it moved.

’No—!’

’Sir Leon—!’

Rees desperately tried to move, forcing every last fragment of mana in his body to respond.

’I have to stand... I have to-!’

But his body didn’t move.

*Splash*

The Rexian Bear stepped into the river.

Moments later, it found Leon.

Grab

The beast clamped its jaws around Leon’s unconscious body.

And dragged him away into the forest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 296: Anyone else wants to die ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ten long minutes passed as Rees lay on the cold ground, staring blankly at the sky with his body completely immobile.

Then—

Something stirred.

"...I can move," Rees muttered in disbelief.

Mana slowly returned to his bones. He clenched his bony fingers, then forced himself upright.

"Sir Leon..." His voice trembled. "I have to find Sir Leon."

His gaze dropped to the ground.

Large, deep footprints were carved into the earth.

"The tracks of that Rexian Bear."

Without wasting another second, Rees followed them.

After barely three minutes of hurried walking, the air grew thick with a metallic stench.

A trail of blood stretched ahead, leading straight into a massive cave carved into the rock.

It was as if Leon was struggling to run out of the cave and the bear dragged him back inside.

"Oh no..." Rees whispered.

He stepped inside the cave and started walking forward.

*Step-step-step-step-step*

Each footfall echoed ominously through the darkness. His grip on his wand tightened as a single thought repeated endlessly in his mind.

’Please don’t be dead... Please don’t be dead... Sir Leon... you’re stronger than this.’

*Thud*

Suddenly, his leg struck something large.

At first, it felt like a stone. But it was... softer than a stone.

"I should have enough mana now..." Rees muttered. "Illuminate."

A small sphere of pale light bloomed into existence right over his wand.

The moment it lit the ground—

Rees staggered back two full steps.

"H-How is that...?"

What his leg had struck wasn’t a rock. It was one of the Rexian Bear’s heads.

Severed in a very rough manner.

Its massive jaw was shattered, teeth broken and scattered across the cave floor. It was as if something or someone grabbed it’s upper and lower jaw and tore them open.

"What the hell happened here...?" Rees whispered in low tone.

But ignoring the head with so many questions in his head, he moved deeper into the cave.

Blood coated the walls. Deep gouges tore through the ground. Signs of violent struggle were everywhere, but the claw marks and impact dents were massive.

Too massive.

"These... these aren’t Sir Leon’s marks..." Rees realized. "They’re the bear’s marks..."

His pace quickened.

*Splash*

His foot suddenly sank into a shallow pit that was filled with warm water.

"Hm ?"

Rees looked down using the light ball and...

It wasn’t water.

It was red-hot blood, still steaming faintly.

"Rees..." A calm voice echoed from deeper within the cave. "Is that you?"

"Y-Yes, sir Leon!" Rees replied instantly. "Where are y-"

He raised the light orb higher and froze.

Before him lay the corpse of the giant Rexian Bear.

Its second head had also been torn off. Its jaw was completely destroyed just like the first one. Its massive body was twisted unnaturally, ribs caved in as if crushed by overwhelming force, back bone was molded down into it’s ribs.

And sitting atop it’s corpse was...

Leon.

Completely drenched in it’s blood.

His eyes glowed a vivid crimson, sharp and merciless.

A terrifying bloodlust poured out from his body, so dense that even Rees, an undead, felt fear claw at his Necro-heart.

"S-Sir Leon..." Rees dropped to one knee immediately and bowed.

*Thud*

Leon jumped down from the corpse and landed right beside him. His long black hair fell messily over his blood-smeared face.

"Care to explain," Leon asked calmly, "why I woke up inside that thing’s mouth..."

His gaze shifted briefly to Rees’ arm.

"...and why you’re missing a fucking hand ?"

"Y-Yes, sir," Rees replied quickly.

As they walked out of the cave, Rees explained everything...every spell, every decision, every desperate gamble he had made in the past hour to save Leon’s life.

...

Ten minutes later,

"I understand," Leon said. "You did well, Rees."

He paused.

"And... we’ll deal with your hand soon. I will find a corpse for you to get a new hand from."

Then he glanced at himself.

"But first... I want to take a shower."

Leon suddenly bent down, placing both hands against the ground.

Rees blinked. "Sir... why are you...?"

Hup

Before he could’ve completed his question, Leon vanished upward.

Not a leap. A powerful launch.

He soared over fifty meters and plunged straight into the river below.

*SPLASH*

"...Wow," Rees muttered, stunned, as he started walking toward the riverbank.

...

*Splash*

After washing the blood from his body, Leon stepped out of the river.

His physique had changed.

Lean—yet far more muscular. Every movement carried quiet, terrifying power.

Rees was already waiting for him outside.

"Rees," Leon said with a neutral expression. "We’re going home."

"Y-Yes, sir," Rees replied, following behind.

Leon glanced down at his shirt, still stained red with blood. Without hesitation, he removed it and tossed it aside.

They walked on for the next five kilometres without speaking anything.

Then suddenly,

*Halt*

Leon stopped.

"S-Something wrong, sir ?" Rees asked with a confused expression.

<Sixth Sense>

*Swish*

*Catch*

Leon raised his hand instantly, catching something mid-air without even looking at it.

Rees turned sharply in order to look for the thrower.

"There’s nothing..."

Leon opened his palm.

A thin needle rested there, coated in green liquid.

<Inspect>

[Name: Blue Moringo’s Needle]

[Rank: B]

[Description: A projectile fired from a Blue Moringo’s tail. Coated with lethal poison capable of killing a target within seconds.]

Leon slowly turned toward the trees.

His eyes glowed red and a vicious smile appeared over his lips.

’The bloodlust...’ Rees thought.

’It’s increasing. Even the mana around him is twisting. What the hell did that core do to him ?’

<Glitch Point>

Red dots appeared across the trees that surrounded them.

*Swish—Swish—Swish*

Three more needles shot toward Leon with high speed.

He tilted his head...

’right... right... left.’

All needles missed him.

"Instant Kill," Leon murmured.

<Instant Kill>

[All targets are killable!!]

"Kill."

His eyes turned pitch black.

Steelweb armor surged across his body and covered him in a black armour.

*Swish*

And then he vanished.

"Uhhuh...?"

"Uwhuhuhu...?"

The Blue Moringos—green, monkey-like beasts with long, needle-tails got confused as soon as Leon disappeared from their vision.

A shadow appeared behind one of them, the one who fired needles at him in the first place.

"Searching for me...?"

"Kwehh—!"

Leon grabbed its head and twisted. It was so fast and so brutal, almost monstrous to look at.

Once.

Twice.

*Crack—Crack*

*Thud*

The corpse hit the ground.

The other moringos understood immediately as their eyes widened and fur started to stand up in fear.

"Anyone else want to die ?" Leon asked calmly, his crimson eyes locking onto them.

"Huhuhuhuhu...!"

"Huhuhuhuhuhuuu...!"

They fled instantly, leaping from branch to branch without looking back.

"Good," Leon said. "I didn’t want blood stains on me again."

He disappeared—

—and reappeared in front of Rees.

"Let’s go."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 297: Please use me as you see fit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After walking for a while, Leon and Rees walked out of the thick forest and sunlight fully covered their bodies.

"This forest looks much better in sunlight..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at the brightly shining leafs.

"Sir Leon... How are you feeling ?" Rees asked in a hesitated voice.

"Well, I am feeling really pumped up and once I get back to the Dungeon. I will be fucking every single girl that lives inside it." Leon replied with a smirk.

"No... I meant your bloodlust, do you feel to kill someone right now ? Like-"

"Hmm... How should I say this. It feels a lot different, bloodlust feels like a different emotion for me now... It’s like whenever I feel like I am in danger, my bloodlust wakes up.

Like that bear that I killed... When I woke up in it’s maw, I knew that he was about to kill me and suddenly... All I wanted is to kill it, no matter how I needed to do it, but I wanted to kill it and then I did.

I grabbed his head and pulled it off with my bare fucking hands...." Leon explained with a smile.

’Hmm... So sir Leon knows how to control his bloodlust that’s a good sign but killing a Rexian bear with bare hands. How much has physical strength grown ?’ Rees thought.

"Hahaha and then I killed that one horned rabbit with my bow."

"Really ?"

"Yes and I got like 30 coppers for it’s body parts."

Suddenly, Leon heard some adventurers coming towards their direction.

"What happened, Sir ?" Rees asked.

Without speaking anything, Leon grabbed Rees and jumped onto the branch of a nearby tree.

"What happened after that ?"

"Nothing... I just went home and had a really good meal."

"Hahaha..."

Suddenly, two adventurers one male and one female, walked past the tree on which Leon and Rees were sitting.

’Hmm... The forest will become active again with adventurers meaning there will be more chances of them finding the dungeon.

I have to do something so that they can’t find it that easily.’ Leon thought as he immediately jumped down from the tree with Rees.

Both of them started walking forward and only after walking for about thirty minutes, they reached on the dungeon’s front gate.

*Swish-Swish*

Fruela and Dusk appeared in front of them and immediately went down on their knees.

’We greet our master.’ both of them spoke in unison.

"Hello, Dusk... Fruela." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Master, we have been searching for you for the past ten hours." Dusk replied with a worried expression as he looked at Leon.

"Ah... Right, I didn’t inform you about that. No problem I am still alive... Let’s go inside." Leon spoke with a smile.

*Creaaak*

The dungeon’s gate opened up automatically and Leon entered inside first, Rees entered after him.

Dusk and Fruela followed after them.

After reaching on the first floor, Leon noticed kai working on a big piece of wood.

"Kai... What are you doing here so early ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ah... Sir Leon, nothing... I had this idea that I am trying to create. I am trying to create a fancy wooden throne for you, but I want to make it unique... So unique that no one can compare to it’s beauty." Kai replied with a smile.

"I like that idea but drop it for now... I will be needing around two thousand wooden beads by noon. Do you understand ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Two thousand wooden beads !?" Kai asked with a shocked expression.

"What ? Can’t you make them ?"

"I can... But, I have to start immediately in order to fin-"

"Then start fast." Leon ordered with an authoritative tone.

"Y-Yes." Kai replied as he immediately started to carve out chunks of wood from the big wood log.

"Good... Now, Dusk go bring me the hand of a human." Leon ordered.

"A human hand ? Should I get it from a grave master or should I bring it from an alive person ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Ask Rees... He will tell you. Fruela come with me to the fourth floor, I have something I want to talk to you about." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over Fruela’s shoulder and both of them disappeared immediately.

*Swish*

Fourth floor...

Leon and Fruela appeared on the fourth floor and without wasting another second, Fruela turned to look at Leon.

"Master what is-" Before she could’ve completed her sentence, Leon wrapped his hand around her waist and pinned her to the wall behind her.

*Thud*

*Snifffff*

Leon placed his lips over her neck and sniffed it slowly.

As soon as Fruela understood what was happening, her face had turned completely red.

"You smell so... Good." Leon spoke with a perverted smile as he looked at Fruela.

As soon as she saw the predatory smile on Leon’s face, her heartbeat increased.

"I-I-I d-do ?" Fruela asked with a very embarrassed and flustered expression as her body started to heat up immediately and her heart started to beat even faster.

"Yes..." Leon replied as he immediately sealed her lips in between his lips.

*Chuuuuu*

As soon as Leon kissed Fruela, her toes curled inside and mind stopped working completely. She never felt something like this in her whole life and it felt good.

’Wha-What is happening to me ? I-I feel vulnerable but safe at the same time. I-I want master to keep kissing my lips... It’s as if, I am getting blessed by gods.’ Fruela thought as she tried to move her hands but Leon grabbed both of her hands and pinned them to the wall with his left hand.

Leon continued to kiss her for the next three minutes, he sucked on her lips slowly, inserted his tongue inside her mouth and dominated over her tongue.

He then pulled his lips away from Fruela’s face and noticed that she was too embarrassed to even look him in the eye.

Leon slowly placed his fingers on her chin and lifted her face, only to notice tears coming out of her eyes.

"I-I am sorry Master... I-I don’t know why I am crying but i-"

"Is this your first kiss ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Y-Yes..." Fruela replied as she looked away once again.

"Fruela..." Leon spoke in a low but dangerously seductive voice as his mouth got really close to her ear.

"Y-Y-Yes m-master ?" Fruela asked as she closed her eyes and felt her pre-cum leaking inside her panties.

"... I am going to fuck you and take your virginity. You understand ?"

"P-Please use me as you see fit... M-Master."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 298: Chocolate Icecream
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fourth floor...

*Chuuu... Chuuu... Chuuuu...*

Fruela’s back slammed hard against the rough stone wall, wrists crushed above her head in Leon’s iron grip. His mouth fucked hers slow and nasty... tongue shoving deep, then pulling back to suck her fat lower lip like he owned it. He bit down, tugged it out until it stretched obscene and pink, then let it snap back with a wet smack. Over and over, like he was training her mouth to take whatever he gave.

His other hand was already on her tit, grinding the hard nipple through her top with rough circles. Every twist made her thighs jerk, pussy clenching on nothing as more slick cunt-juice leaked out. The crotch of her brown pants was soaked through now... dark, shameful stains spreading wide, the sharp smell of her dripping pre-cum thick in the air.

"Anhhh~... Anhh~..." she whined into his mouth, voice cracking every time he yanked her lip or pinched that stiff little bud.

Leon wasn’t waiting anymore. He grabbed the front of her top with one fist and ripped.

*Teeeeaaarrr!*

Fabric shredded like it was nothing, her tits bouncing free... although they weren’t really big but they were perfect handfuls, round and firm, nipples dark and begging. He dropped her wrists and clamped both hands on them, squeezing hard.

*Squeeze... Squeeze...*

Her flesh bulged between his fingers. A filthy wave of pleasure punched through her; eyes rolled back, tongue lolling as drool slipped from the corner of her open mouth.

"Anhhhh~! Anhhhh~! not my tits~... Masterrrr~!" she wailed, thighs spasming, fresh pussy-slime gushing down her legs, soaking the inside of her pants even worse.

Leon grinned like a demon, thumbs digging into her stiff nipples, rolling them cruelly.

"Elis..." Leon growled low, voice thick with lust as his fingers kept mauling Fruela’s silky tits, twisting those stiff nipples until she whimpered like a needy whore.

"Anhhh~ Masster~"

*Swish*

"Yes, Master?" Elis materialized right behind him like a ghost, dropping into a deep bow, her face blank as ever.

"Make a bed for us," Leon ordered with a filthy grin, never stopping the rough squeeze on Fruela’s leaking udders.

"Yes, Master." Elis snapped her fingers without a flicker of emotion. The stone floor rumbled, and a thick slab bed erupted from the ground—cold, hard rock.

"Would you like me to get a mattress on that bed, Master?" she asked, voice flat, eyes empty.

Leon turned his perverted stare to Fruela, thumbs grinding her nipples in slow, cruel circles. "Are we going to need a mattress, Fruela? Or you planning to get fucked raw on cold stone like the dirty little slut you are ?"

"M-Master~" Fruela whined, face burning crimson, eyes glassy with shame and heat as she squirmed against the wall.

"Didn’t hear you me, DARLING," Leon snarled, suddenly clamping down hard—pinching both nipples viciously between his fingers and twisting.

*Twist-Twist*

"YESSSSSSSS~!" Fruela screamed, back bowing like a bowstring, neck snapping forward as her whole body convulsed.

Her greedy cunt spasmed hard, squirting like a broken faucet.

*SQUIRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT*

Hot pussy-juice sprayed down her thighs in thick ropes, splattering the floor, soaking her pants even more as she came like a shameless whore just from having her tits abused.

"Good girl," Leon said coolly, wiping a smirk across his face. "Bring the mattress, Elis."

"As you command, Master." Elis didn’t blink. With another snap, a thick, plush mattress appeared ripped straight from some other floor and dropped perfectly onto the stone slab.

The second it settled, Leon hooked every finger into the waistband of Fruela’s soaked pants and panties.

One brutal yank downward.

*Swish*

The drenched fabric peeled off her hips, dragging strings of sticky cum with it until it bunched at her ankles. Instantly, the air filled with a thick, nasty stench, raw pussy sweat, days of bottled-up lust, and gallons of fresh slut-juice all mixed into one heavy, musky cloud.

"Fuck... that’s one sweet smelling little cunt you got," Leon laughed darkly, twisting his grin wider as he shoved his face straight between her trembling thighs.

He buried his nose right against her swollen, dripping folds and inhaled deep, rubbing it up and down her sloppy slit like a dog in heat, smearing her filthy juices all over his face while she shuddered and moaned above him.

"ANNHHHH~ MASTERRR~ NOT THE-THEREEEE~ ANHHHH~ IT’S NOT A GOOOOD PLACEEEE TO LICCKKKKKKK~ ANHHHHHHHH~!"

Fruela’s screams echoed off the stone walls, raw and desperate, as Leon dragged his nose up and down her sloppy, swollen cunt. He curled it right against her throbbing clit, rubbing hard, smearing her thick pussy-slime all over his face while she bucked and wailed like a bitch getting bred.

Elis stood silently behind them, eyes locked on the scene—watching Leon’s tongue flick out to taste the mess dripping from Fruela’s hole, like she was studying some experiment.

"Hmm...?" Leon finally pulled his soaked face from between those trembling thighs, strings of cum stretching from his nose to her puffy folds. He glanced back at Elis, brow raised. "Something wrong?"

"Nothing, Master," Elis answered, voice flat as ever. "Would you like me to leave?"

"Yes," Leon replied, no hesitation.

"As you command, master."

*Swish*

Elis vanished instantly, leaving nothing but the thick stink of Fruela’s dripping cunt hanging in the room.

Leon turned back, his grin pure filth as he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Good. Now it’s just us... Time to throw you on that bed and show you what real pussy-eating feels like, you nasty little slut."

Without warning, he scooped her up, right hand splayed across her bare back, left cradling her neck... hoisting her naked, shaking body into a princess carry like she weighed nothing.

Fruela kicked weakly, her soaked pants and panties finally slipping off her ankles and hitting the floor with a wet slap. She stared up at him, face burning red, eyes watery with shame and raw lust.

"There you go," Leon growled, voice dripping with hunger as he hurled her.

*Thud*

She landed on the mattress with a bounce, tits jiggling, legs splaying open for a split second before she squealed and tried to close them.

Too late.

Leon was already on her, kneeling between her thighs, rough hands clamping down on her knees and wrenching them apart like he was splitting open a ripe fruit.

"Masterrr noooo~" Fruela whimpered, slapping both hands over her flushed face, peeking through trembling fingers. But her legs stayed wide open exposing every inch of her glistening, swollen pussy. Pink folds dripping, dark inner lips slick and parted, clit fat and begging, all coated in thick layers of her own filthy cum.

Leon didn’t say a word.

He just dove in.

His face smashed straight into her crotch, mouth latching onto her soaked cunt like a starving animal. Tongue dragged slow and heavy up her slit, scooping up her nasty juices before swirling around her clit sucking it hard, flicking it fast, devouring her like she was dripping chocolate ice cream on a hot day.

*Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick*

As soon as Fruela felt her pussy and clit getting licked by Leon’s tongue her eyes rolled all the way back, hands stretched in and back arched like a bow.

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHH... MASSSSTERRRR~ CUMMMMINGGGGGGGGGG~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 299: Obedience
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick-Lick*

Leon’s tongue attacked Fruela’s dripping cunt like a feral beast, lapping up her thick, sticky juices in long, sloppy strokes. He dragged the flat of his tongue from her leaking hole all the way up to her swollen clit, flicking the sensitive nub hard before sucking it in between his lips, pulling, teasing, devouring her like she was his last woman.

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhhhhhh~ Masterrrrrrr~!" Fruela moaned helplessly, thighs clamping tight around his head, trying to trap him in her soaked pussy as her hips bucked wildly against his face.

But Leon wasn’t done playing nice. He shoved his tongue straight inside her greedy pussy—deep, hot, twisting it like a corkscrew, curling it against her spongy walls, scooping out more of her filthy cream.

The second that his tongue started swirling inside her, Fruela’s eyes rolled back completely white. Her legs locked iron-tight around his skull, ass lifting off the mattress as she thrashed like she’d been hit with raw electricity. Her whole body spasmed, cunt clenching hard around his invading tongue.

"MASSSTERRRRRR~!"

A massive gush of hot cum exploded out of her, flooding Leon’s mouth and splashing across his face in thick, messy ropes. Her pussy kept squirting in violent pulses, drenching his chin, cheeks, and hair while she screamed herself hoarse.

Leon finally pulled back, his face glistening with her juices, grinning like a demon. He licked his lips slow, savoring her taste.

"You’re one filthy little slut... Came twice already and your Master hasn’t even busted a nut yet."

Without another word, he yanked his pants down. His thick, veiny cock sprang free—rock-hard, throbbing, already drooling fat beads of pre-cum from the swollen tip.

*Slap-Slap-Slap!*

He smacked the heavy dick across Fruela’s flushed face, once, twice, three times—leaving shiny streaks of pre-cum smeared over her cheeks, lips, and nose. The raw, musky stench of his cock hit her like a drug, flooding her senses. Her pussy clenched hard again, fresh slick dripping down her ass crack as another wave of desperate pleasure slammed through her brain.

"Haah~ M-Masterr~" Fruela whimpered, voice wrecked and needy. She couldn’t help it—her tongue darted out, lapping greedily at his heavy, sweat-slick balls like a starving whore, sucking one into her mouth, rolling it on her tongue.

Leon chuckled darkly. "You’ve already cum twice like a greedy bitch, and I haven’t even pulled my dick out yet... Isn’t that fucking rude, love?"

*Slap-Slap!*

He tapped his leaking cockhead against her forehead again, smearing more pre-cum over her skin.

"I-I’m sorry, M-Master~" Fruela whined, forcing her tongue back, though her eyes stayed glued to the pulsing shaft hovering over her face.

"Do you really want my forgiveness?" Leon asked, voice low and dangerous, a twisted smile spreading as a filthy idea bloomed in his mind.

"Y-Yes, Masterr~ I-I want it..." Fruela breathed, dazed, practically drooling at the sight of his cock.

"Well then... let’s play a little game." He tapped his dick against her forehead again, slow and deliberate. "I’ll forgive you if you can keep that slutty tongue of yours from touching my cock. That’s it. One simple rule."

Fruela blinked, confused, lips parted.

"But if you lose..." Leon leaned in close, his voice a perverted growl, "...I’m gonna fuck your throat-pussy raw and use it like the disposable cum-dump it is."

He barely finished the sentence before Fruela lunged—mouth wide, her tongue already wrapping around his shaft, sucking him down like a desperate cock-sleeve.

*Gluck-Gluck-Gluck*

Leon threw his head back and laughed. "Wow... you really don’t know how to play games, do you, you perverted little bitch?"

"M-Masterrr..." Fruela pulled off with a wet pop, strings of spit and pre-cum connecting her lips to his glistening cock. She opened her mouth as wide as she could, tongue rolling out, eyes glassy with submission. "Please... use my mouth-pussy however you want. Fuck it as much as you need... I’m yours to use masterrrr~..."

’Hmm... Looks like that core really increased my charisma.’ Leon thought with a smile.

"Heh." Leon’s grin turned downright sadistic. "What a depraved little whore you turned out to be. Fine. Since you lost so fucking fast... time for punishment."

He grabbed a fistful of her hair, yanked her head forward, and rammed his thick cock straight down her throat in one brutal thrust.

*GLUCK!*

Her eyes watered instantly, throat bulging around his girth as he buried himself balls-deep. No warm-up, no mercy—just pure, savage face-fucking. He started pistoning hard, using her mouth like a tight, wet fleshlight, hips snapping forward while drool and pre-cum bubbled out around his shaft, dripping down her chin and onto her heaving tits.

Fruela continued to let Leon use her throat as much as he wanted and however he wanted.

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

Leon continued to fuck her throat for the next 30 minutes and he wasn’t showing any mercy to either her throat or her mouth.

...

30 minutes later...

*GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK-GWAK*

"Oh fuck... I am cumming... Don’t let anything spill out... Gulp every last drop." Leon spoke as he closed his eyes grabbed Fruela’s head tight and unloaded a thick load of white semen directly into her throat.

*SQUIRT-SQUIRT*

’Oh my god... So much semen is going directly into my stomach and it feels so goood~’ Fruela thought with a neutral expression as she continued to gulp down Leon’s cum.

*Gulp-Gulp-Gulp-Gulp*

After completing his first shot, Leon finally pulled his dick out of Fruela’s mouth.

*Pop*

A thick rope of cum was attached to his dick and Fruela’s mouth.

Leon slowly brought his dick closer to her mouth once again and spoke with a smile, "How about you clean it for me, love ?"

"Y-Yes, Master." Fruela replied with an obedient expression as she immediately licked the top of Leon’s dick and sucked out the left over cum out of his urethra.

"Very good... Now, how about you show me your real pussy and I will-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, Fruela turned around and went down on all fours, revealing her pussy for Leon to fuck.

’Wow... She is one obident slut.’ Leon thought with a perverted grin as he immediately grabbed both of her ass cheeks and slapped them tightly.

*SLAP-SLAP*

"ANHHHHHH~"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 300: Who is here ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

The wet, filthy sound of flesh smacking flesh filled the entire floor—Leon’s thick cock pistoning in and out of Fruela’s greedy, sopping pussy like a machine built to fuck.

"Anh~ Anhhh~ Anhhhh~ ANHHHH~ MASSTERRRR~ YESSSS~ MOREEEEEEE~ PLEASEEEEEEEEE~!"

Fruela screamed like a bitch in heat, nails clawing deep into the mattress, tearing the fabric as her legs jerked and spasmed around his hips. Every brutal thrust slammed her cervix, stretching her tight pussy’s walls wide, forcing obscene amounts of her creamy cum to gush out around his dick and drip in thick ropes down her ass crack onto the sheets.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Masterrrrrrr~ you’re gonna break my pussy~ ANHHHHHHHHHHHHHH~ MY PUSSY IS GOING TO BREAKKKKK~!" she wailed, voice cracking, shoulders collapsing back onto the mattress as her body surrendered completely to Leon’s dick.

But Leon was already lost in a savage, beast-like frenzy. Her words didn’t even register in his mind. All he heard was the wet squelch of her cunt swallowing him whole, the desperate slap of his heavy balls against her soaked ass.

Without warning, he clamped both hands around her slim waist and flipped her in one violent motio, his cock never leaving her gripping hole.

*Swish*

*Thud!*

Fruela’s back hit the mattress hard, tits bouncing wildly from the impact. Before she could even suck in a breath to scream again, Leon crashed his mouth down on hers, sealing her lips in a bruising, tongue-fucking kiss.

*Chuuuuuu*

He swallowed every muffled moan that tried to escape, dominating her tongue, forcing it to dance with his tongue while his hips never slowed—still pounding her sloppy, ruined pussy without mercy, beast like rhythm. The bed creaked dangerously under the force, headboard slamming against the stone wall in time with every savage thrust.

His rough palms found her heaving tits again, squeezing them hard enough to make the soft flesh bulge between his fingers. Thumbs and forefingers captured her stiff, dark nipples—pinching, twisting, pulling—sending fresh electric shocks straight to her overstimulated clit.

Fruela’s eyes rolled back behind fluttering lids, drool leaking from the corners of her mouth as Leon fucked her senseless from both ends. Her cunt clenched violently around his pistoning cock, milking him like it was trying to drain every last drop, while her muffled screams vibrated into his mouth.

He broke the kiss just enough to growl against her swollen lips, voice dark and dripping with lust.

"I am gonna fuck your pussy with no mercy... Do you have any fucking problem with that?"

The words barely left Leon’s lips before Fruela’s brain short-circuited. No hesitation, no shame—just raw, dripping lust covered her mind and she spoke without thinking anything.

"Yes, Masterrrre~ please don’t show me any mercy... I’m your filthy cum-dump, use me however you wanttt—ANHHHHHHHHHH~!"

Her voice cracked into a shameless wail as Leon’s hands clamped around her slim waist like steel vices. He hoisted her up effortlessly, treating her like a weightless fucktoy. Fruela’s trembling legs snapped around his hips on instinct, ankles locking behind his back while her arms clung to his shoulders for dear life.

Her eyes fluttered, threatening to roll shut from exhaustion, but every savage upward thrust into her sopping cunt jolted her awake again—cock spearing her deepest walls, bullying her cervix, forcing fresh screams from her throat.

Leon didn’t slow. Didn’t stop. Didn’t give a single fuck about her limits.

For the next two straight hours he railed her without mercy—standing, carrying her, slamming her against walls, bending her over the edge of the bed, then back to pounding her mid-air like a possessed animal. Sweat poured off both of them. The mattress was soaked. The air reeked of sex—thick, musky, obscene.

...

Two hours later.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Fruela was flipped upside-down now—face mashed into the ruined sheets, ass high in the air, legs splayed wide like a broken doll. Her expression was pure, wrecked ahegao, tongue lolling out, eyes crossed and rolled back white, drool pooling beneath her cheek while thick globs of cum leaked from her ruined pussy and dripped obscenely down her stomach toward her heaving tits.

"ANHHHHHH~ ANHHHHH~ ANHHHHH~ ANHHHHH~ ANHHHHHH~ ANHHHHHHHHHH~!"

Her screams were deafening—raw, animalistic, echoing through the tower floors like a siren call of depravity.

Leon fucked her like he was trying to break her in half. His thick cock pistoned in and out of her gaping, creamy cunt with zero restraint—balls swollen and heavy, smacking wetly against her swollen pussy lips with every brutal plunge. The wet squelching sounds were filthy, rhythmic, unstoppable.

"Fuck... I’m cumming," Leon snarled, face twisted in dark pleasure.

He clamped both hands around her waist again, yanked her down hard, and slammed her entire body flat against the mattress.

*Thud!*

Before she could even gasp, his mouth crashed over hers—sealing her lips in a messy, tongue-fucking kiss that swallowed every scream.

"MNHHHHHHHHH~ MMNNHHHHHHHH~!"

Fruela moaned into his mouth, body convulsing as she felt his cock swell impossibly thicker inside her stretched pussy. The veins pulsed. The head flared.

Then it erupted.

*Squirt—Squirt—Squirt—*

Rope after thick, scalding rope of heavy white cum blasted straight into her womb—flooding her, painting her insides with molten heat. Leon kept pumping, slow and deep now, milking every last drop into her greedy cunt while she spasmed beneath him.

’Oh my god... Master’s cumming so much... so so much inside my pussy... and I’m cumming again... at the same time... Why does it feel this good? His lips... his cum... it’s so warm... so perfect...’

Fruela’s thoughts melted into white-hot bliss. Her eyes rolled completely white. Her whole body shuddered in wholesome, brain-breaking ecstasy as another violent squirt ripped from her overstuffed cunt-cum and thick seed gushing out around his buried cock in messy, creamy rivers, soaking the sheets, her thighs, his balls.

Leon finally broke the kiss, panting against her swollen lips, still buried balls-deep inside her pulsing, cum-filled hole.

"Good girl," he growled, voice rough and satisfied. "Look at you... stuffed so full of Master’s load you’re leaking like a broken whore."

He gave one last lazy thrust, pushing more of his seed deeper, making her whimper and twitch.

"Now... let’s see how many more loads this greedy little cum-dump can take before you pass-"

*Swish*

Suddenly Elis re-appeared inside the room.

"Master there is someone from the Royal court standing outside the dungeon to meet you." Elis spoke as he she went down on her knees.

"What the fuck ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 301: Name for myself
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the dungeon’s massive iron gates, shrouded in the cold midnight mist, stood Dredis Valford.

Clad head to toe in pitch-black assassin garb that seemed to drink the moonlight itself, he waited with the stillness of a shadow. Only the faint plume of his breath betrayed that he was alive at all.

"How long do I have to wait here in front of this damn—"

The sentence died in his throat.

A razor-cold sensation kissed the nape of his neck.

Dredis’s pupils shrank to pinpricks.

’H-How is that even possible...?’

No sound. No footsteps. No fluctuation of mana. Nothing.

Yet the unmistakable edge of a blade, sharp enough to cut off his neck was pressed firmly against his skin.

’Impossible. There’s no one behind me. If there was someone, I would’ve sensed it. I would’ve—’

"Why are you here?"

The voice came from the front.

Dredis’s gaze snapped forward.

There, framed by the yawning mouth of the dungeon gate, stood four figures.

Fruela, eyes glinting like frozen amethysts and purple blades shining in her hands.

Rees, holding a big magic staff in his hands and staring at Dredis with his hollow eyes.

Dusk, the hulking beast, grinning with rows of monstrous teeth standing directly behind Leon.

And at the center...

Leon himself, his face covered with a white mask.

The floating blade behind Dredis’s neck shimmered once before dissolving into black mist, slithering through the air like a living shadow before seamlessly reattaching itself to the Nyxter.

Dredis dropped to one knee instantly.

"S-Sir Michael Jackson... G-Greetings."

Leon didn’t move.

He simply tilted his head slightly.

The crimson glow behind the slits of his white mask flared brighter—two bloody stars staring straight through flesh and bone.

"Why are you here at this hour?" His voice was low, calm... and somehow infinitely more terrifying because of it. "I should kill you for disturbing me."

The pressure hit like an invisible hammer and Fruela disappeared from her place immediately, re-appearing directly behind Dredis and placing the dagger to his neck.

"Just order, Master." She spoke in a low voice as she looked at Leon.

Dredis’s ears rang. His knees trembled. Cold sweat rolled down the inside of his mask as his another knee also hitted the ground.

’W-What is this...? This feeling, a dagger, a sword and many other weapons have been placed on my neck before but the pressure coming from his body is something else.’

It wasn’t just killing intent.

It was something heavier. Deeper. Like the weight of an entire abyss had decided to rest its gaze upon him.

’He’s... different. Last time he was dangerous, but this... this is suffocating. Did he hide it before? Or... did I actually make him angry this time ? I-I have to apologise to him right now.’ Dredis swallowed hard.

"I-I’m sorry, sir... I didn’t mean to disturb you at this hour, I—" Dredis started speaking as He dared to raise his head.

But as soon as he did, his whole body froze.

Leon was no longer standing several meters away.

He was right there.

Mask to face.

Close enough that Dredis could see the minute reflections of his own terrified eyes in the polished white surface.

Only a thin layer of metal separated their noses.

"I asked..." Leon’s normal voice dropped into a deep, threatening sound "...why are you here at this time ?"

Dredis’s heart slammed against his ribs so hard he thought it might crack bone.

’A-Am I going to die !?’

"Y-Your Majesty... sent me here to get your reply... on the meeting, S-Sir."

For a long, agonizing second, Leon said nothing.

He simply stared.

The red glow behind the mask pulsed slowly, like a heartbeat.

Behind him, Dusk watched with open amusement, fangs glinting.

’Master’s aura... it’s evolved truly onto a different level this time. So thick with bloodlust even an assassin is shaking like a leaf. A true predator.’

A few steps away, Fruela’s cheeks burned bright crimson beneath her usual cold composure.

’I can’t believe how intense master’s bloodlust is right now. Will he ever do it again with me while looking like that ? That would be so beautiful. Oh my god... what am I thinking !?’ she thought with a shameful expression.

Leon finally leaned back—just an inch.

But the pressure didn’t lessen.

Not even a little.

"I see... So he wants an answer huh ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he immediately walked upto a small wooden stick that was lying at a distance.

"Y-Yes... Sir." Dredis replied in a low tone.

<Heart’s Compass>

As soon as he used the skill on the stick, the stick glowed golden for a split second and then returned back to being normal.

"The hidden village of demons..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he placed the stick on the ground and the stick fell, pointing towards the south of the forest.

"Elis... Bring me Enid." He ordered in a low voice.

"Yes, master." Elis replied as she immediately disappeared and re-appeared almost instantly with Enid, who was half-asleep.

"Hmm....? What is going on here ?" Enid asked with a confused expression as she looked around with a confused expression and rubbed her half-closed eyes.

"You are coming with us." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Enid.

"Hmm...? Where are we going, master ?" Enid asked with a neutral expression as she looked at Leon.

"To make a name for us..." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Enid.

"Hmm...? A name for-" Suddenly Enid’s eyes widened as she understood what Leon was about to do.

"M-M-Master don’t tell me you are going there ? A-Are you ?" Enid asked with a serious expression as she walked upto Leon.

"Oh well are all going there, darling." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Enid.

"Master... You have to understand, those demons there aren’t normal. Those thirteen demons-" Before Enid could’ve completed her sentence, Leon intrrupted.

"... Will die tonight." He spoke with a neutral expression.

"Assassin you will also be coming with me."

"Ummm... Excuse me ?" Dredis asked with a confused and scared expression.

"Cause I am about to give you the answer that your king is seeking." Leon replied as he started walking forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 302: There are no demons here
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Somewhere in the southern valleys of the Duran Mountains, where the trees grew twisted and a little black as if poisoned by the very soil, two young adventurers pushed deeper into the gloom.

Clad in mismatched leather armor, one carried a massive warhammer slung over his broad shoulder. The other clutched two slender wands so tightly his knuckles had turned white.

"Are you sure this is the place?" the mage whispered, voice cracking at the edges.

The hammer-wielder didn’t even slow his stride.

"As I’ve already told you a hundred fucking times... Yes. This is exactly where my brother saw that demon.

We take its head back to the guild, collect one whole gold coin, and we’re done. One gold coin, man. You know what that buys? I can finally open that sword shop in Lowmarket, settle down, see my little sister grow up without worrying about next month’s rent.

You? You can marry off all three of your sisters properly and buy your mother a real house inside the kingdom walls. No more mud floors. No more leaks."

The mage swallowed hard, glancing nervously at the canopy overhead. The branches looked too much like skeletal fingers.

"But these are demons we’re talking about..." he muttered. "Six hearts. Monstrous strength. They eat human flesh like it’s bread. They don’t just kill—they savor our bodies."

The hammer-wielder snorted.

"Oh come on. You were a royal mage, weren’t you? Trained in the Vengeln’s army ? How can a guy like you be this scared of one lousy demon?"

*Thud*

The mage stopped walking.

"This place... it doesn’t feel good. Something evil is watching us. I can feel it in my bones. There was some sound... did you heard-"

The bigger man finally turned around, planting the head of his hammer into the dirt with a dull thud.

*Thud*

"Okay, stop. Look at me." He placed both calloused hands on the mage’s shoulders, forcing eye contact. "Do you want to go back?"

The mage didn’t even hesitate.

"Y-Yes."

A long sigh.

"Fine. Fine. We’ll turn around. But when we get back, we’re taking that goblin cave mission, alright? Easy coin. No demons. Deal?"

"Deal," the mage breathed, relief flooding his face. "Let’s just get out of here as fast as—"

He froze mid-sentence.

His eyes flicked upward.

A shadow—too large, too fast—flitted from one tree to the next.

Then...

Silence.

Absolute, suffocating silence. No birds. No wind. Even the distant trickle of the mountain stream seemed to vanish.

"O-Oh shit... Clad, look up there, there’s some—"

**THUD.**

The sound was wet. Heavy. Final.

The mage’s gaze slowly dropped.

His friend’s head rolled across the pine needles, eyes still wide open, mouth frozen in the middle of a warning.

Blood sprayed in lazy arcs from the stump of the neck.

"N-No... that’s not—"

Before the scream could leave his throat, the headless body crumpled like a puppet with its strings cut.

And then he felt it. Saw it.

Something massive standing directly behind him.

Something that wasn’t human.

Something whose shadow swallowed his own twice over.

The mage turned—very, very slowly.

Twelve feet of corded blue muscle loomed above him.

Four arms, each ending in claws longer than daggers.

The creature’s face and hands were drenched in fresh blood that dripped in slow, thick ropes onto the forest floor.

"Alvuia olio ca—"

"Say another word of that spell," the demon rumbled, voice like grinding millstones, "and I’ll kill you exactly the way I killed your stupid friend."

He leaned down. His crimson eyes bored into terrified brown ones.

The mage dropped both wands instantly. They clattered uselessly against the roots.

"N-No... please... spare me. I-I won’t do anything. I swear I’ll never come back to this valley. Please... let me go. I beg you."

The demon tilted its horned head, amused.

"How about you keep your mouth shut for—" Before he could’ve completed speaking.

*SHRRRKK*

The mage’s head simply... vanished.

Blood fountained upward in a perfect crimson column.

"What the—!?"

The blue demon snapped his gaze to the right.

Hanging upside-down from a thick branch was another figure—almost human in shape, except for the two long, obsidian horns curling back from his forehead and the whip-thin tail swaying lazily behind him.

He was chewing.

The mage’s head dangled from between razor-sharp teeth like an apple.

Blood ran down his chin in rivulets.

"Regoris..." the blue demon growled, voice dangerously low. "What the hell are you doing out here?"

Regoris swallowed with exaggerated satisfaction, then flashed a bloody grin.

"I was bored. Came to stretch my legs." He licked a fang. "What were you planning to do with that little mage, Melare? Looked like you two were having quite the nice chat."

"I was going to kill him," Melare answered flatly. "You stole my kill."

Regoris dropped from the branch, flipping mid-air with impossible grace—only to vanish completely before his feet could touch the ground.

A heartbeat later he reappeared perched directly atop Melare’s head, crouching like a gargoyle.

"Oh, it sure didn’t look like you were about to kill him," he teased. "You were really taking your time. Building suspense. Very artistic."

Melare’s four arms tensed.

"I was going to scare him until he pissed himself, then take his head. There’s a difference." His voice hardened. "And you shouldn’t be out here today. It’s my patrol day."

"Oh really?" Regoris purred.

Melare raised a clawed hand to swat him off but Regoris vanished again.

This time he didn’t reappear.

Melare snarled, glaring upward.

"I want to kill him..." he muttered darkly.

High above, a three-eyed crow circled once, twice.

**Cawwwwwww—**

Melare thrust one massive arm skyward.

The crow dove like a black arrow and landed lightly on his wrist.

"What?" Melare demanded.

"Big group..." the crow rasped in a voice like breaking glass. "Coming toward the valley... Cawwwww."

It launched back into the sky without waiting for a reply.

Melare’s lips slowly peeled back from rows of jagged teeth.

"Big group, huh..."

His six hearts beat faster.

A slow, savage smile spread across his blood-smeared face.

"If I slaughter them all... I’ll finally prove my worth to Brother Ven."

He cracked all four sets of knuckles at once.

The sound echoed through the silent woods like breaking bones.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 303: Let’s get this party started
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Duran Mountains — Southern Entrance

A cold wind swept down from the jagged peaks, carrying the faint scent of pine and distant smoke.

Leon sat perched on a weathered tree stump at the mouth of the valley, legs crossed casually, masked face tilted slightly upward as though he were merely enjoying the afternoon breeze. The crimson glow behind the slits of his mask remained steady, unreadable.

Beside him stood Rees, arms folded. Enid clung to Leon’s hand with both of hers, knuckles white, worry etched deep into her delicate features.

High above, Fruela balanced effortlessly on the highest branch of an ancient black pine, eyes narrowed, tracking every flicker of movement in the canopy—birds scattering, animals freezing mid-step as they looked around, even the smallest rodents bolting for cover.

Further along the ridge, Dredis crouched in the shadow of another tree, black assassin garb blending perfectly with the bark. He watched the strange group below with growing confusion.

’What in the nine hells are they doing? Sitting here like they’re waiting for something ? I don’t understand why he brought me with him...? What is he even planning to do ?’

Enid’s voice trembled as she squeezed Leon’s hand tighter.

"Master... I-I still don’t think this is a good idea. How are we supposed to fight so many demons—"

"What did you find, Dusk?" Leon interrupted smoothly, voice calm, almost bored.

*Swish—*

The air rippled like disturbed water.

Dusk materialized directly in front of Leon, kneeling on his knees immediately.

"Master. I located two demons. One is massive—twelve feet at least, four arms, pure muscle, blue hide drenched in blood.

The other is smaller, almost human in shape except for the horns and tail. He moves using some kind of short-range teleportation—blinking in and out faster than the eye can track. They were arguing over patrol duty while casually killing two human adventurers. And..." Dusk’s slit pupils narrowed. "The blue one knows you’re here, Master. A crow told him"

"I see... so he knows." Leon gave the slightest nod.

’Master didn’t even look at me... yet knew the exact moment I arrived. My aura was completely suppressed, invisible even to those demons. But master sensed me anyway.’

"Very well," Leon murmured.

He rose smoothly from the stump and stepped toward Dusk, placing one hand on his head.

"Did you place the bead I gave you ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Yes, Master. Right in the center of where I saw them."

Leon’s hand lingered for a heartbeat longer before dropping away. He turned.

"Rees. Is the spell ready?"

Rees inclined his head.

"Yes, Sir. A full-domain barrier has been constructed across the southern entrance of that valley. Nothing enters. Nothing leaves. Not without your permission."

Dredis’s eyes widened behind his mask.

’Bead? Barrier? What the hell are they talking about? What kind of trap are they setting ? Are they planning to fight the demons here like this ?’

Leon’s masked face tilted skyward.

"Very good..." A slow, dangerous smile curled beneath the mask. "Then let’s get this party started and greet our guests with some lite fireworks."

He raised both arms high.

The moment his palms clapped together—

"KABOOM."

A blinding spear of white-gold light erupted from the heart of the valley.

It stabbed straight upward, tearing through the canopy, punching a hole in the clouds themselves.

Fruela’s pupils shrank to slits. Dredis nearly fell out of his sockets as soon as he saw this.

"Wow..." Rees spoke with a neutral expression and a smile spreaded across Dusk’s face.

Then—

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!*

The explosion was apocalyptic.

A blooming sphere of raw destruction swallowed half the mountainside in a single heartbeat. Trees vaporized into ash. Boulders melted into glowing slag. The shockwave rolled outward like a tidal wave made of sound and force, flattening everything in its path before rebounding off the invisible barrier Rees had woven across the valley mouth. Barely any small monster survived inside the mountains.

[Congratulations! Level Up!]

[Congratulations! Level Up!]

Every single hair on Dredis’ body stood straight as he couldn’t understand what just happened and only one thing was coming to his mind again and again...

’Who the hell is this guy ?’

...

The entire human kingdom felt it.

Windows rattled in distant cities.

Candle flames guttered and died.

Livestock panicked.

...

Mage Tower — Top Floor...

*Crack*

Old man Gris, Elder Archmage of the tower who was giving lecture on magic to thirty students, snapped his head toward the window mid-lecture.

The sky outside had turned momentarily brighter than noon.

"Hmm...?" His wrinkled brow furrowed deeply. "What was that?"

*Knock-knock.*

The door opened a crack.

"The class is dismissed," Gris said without turning around, voice suddenly cold steel.

The students exchanged bewildered glances.

"Huh?"

"What happened?"

"This class never ends early..."

"I think Lord Gris is unwell."

...

"I said the class is over. Get. Out." Gris shouted this time.

The room emptied in seconds.

Ruben the nephew of king Adwin stepped inside the moment the last student fled, his expression grim.

"Ruben," Gris began without preamble, "did you—"

"Yes, Elder. The shockwave originated from an explosion in the southern Duran Mountains. I’ve already prepared carriages. The king has been informed—he’s mobilizing an army as we speak. We leave immediately."

Gris turned slowly.

"Where is Dreulis?"

"Elder Dreulis will be riding with us. Already waiting in the carriage."

Gris began walking toward the door.

"Someone has discovered the village." His voice was low, dangerous. "Did you breathe a word of it to the king?"

Ruben’s face paled.

"No, Elder. I swear on my life."

Gris studied him for a long moment.

"Hmm. Our plan dies if the demons realize we knew about the village. Who do you suspect caused this ?"

Ruben’s jaw tightened.

"There was... a man at the meeting. White mask. Called himself the king of a place named Gotham.

Introduced himself as Michael Jackson. No detectable aura. But when he looked at me..." Ruben’s voice dropped. "I felt... small. Like an insect under glass. I’ve met kings. Cruel ones. Brave ones. Greedy ones.

But this one was... different. He didn’t care about anything in that room. Not the throne, not the negotiations, not us. I believe there’s a very real chance he’s responsible for this."

Gris nodded once.

"Good. Then we go see for ourselves how he uncovered the demon village... and what he intends to do with it."

They descended the spiraling stairs of the Mage Tower in silence.

Outside, a black-robed figure waited inside the lead carriage.

"Dreulis, my good friend," Gris greeted as he climbed in. "How are you?"

The figure slowly raised his head and drew back the hood.

A polished skeletal skull stared back at them.

Twin blue flames danced in the empty sockets. Arcane runes glowed faintly across the bone.

"I have sensed the explosion," Dreulis rasped, voice like wind through dry leaves. "This magic is... odd. No known spell scatters mana in such a pattern. It defies every theorem we have."

Gris settled into the seat opposite the lich.

"Then perhaps it is time we met the man who caused this."

The carriage door slammed shut and wheels began to turn.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 304: He is just playing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Royal Castle — King Adwin’s Chambers

King Adwin stood motionless before the full-length mirror, golden-plated armor gleaming coldly under the torchlight. In his open palm rested a delicate necklace: a single emerald leaf pendant etched with flowing ancient Elvish script.

He stared at it for a long moment.

"Hah..."

A tired breath escaped him.

Without another word, he dropped the necklace back into the velvet-lined drawer and slammed it shut. His reflection stared back hard, unyielding, the face of a man.

He reached for the sword at his side, sheathed it with a metallic *click*, and strode out.

The heavy door swung open.

*Thud*

"Your Majesty."

The Army General bowed down the instant Adwin appeared.

He didn’t slow down and continued to walk forward.

"Rise. Walk with me."

They moved through the echoing marble corridor, boots ringing in perfect unison.

"Is the army ready ?" Adwin asked, voice flat.

"Yes, Your Majesty. Ten thousand standard soldiers, one hundred battle-mages, sixty healers, twenty-five Elite Royal Guards, seven Royal Mages, and three Army Commanders. All assembled and awaiting your command."

Adwin’s jaw tightened.

"Any word from the Mage Tower?"

"They’ve departed in carriages, sir. And... they’re bringing Sir Dreulis with them."

Adwin halted mid-step.

The corridor suddenly felt colder.

"Dreulis?" His voice dropped dangerously low. "Why?"

"Ruben’s letter stated that the lich has taken personal interest in the explosion. They intend to examine the site themselves."

Adwin’s gloved hand flexed once around the hilt of his sword.

"What of Dredis ? Why hasn’t my messenger returned ?"

"His trace was detected near the centre of the Duran Mountain’s southern entrance.

But... Royal Mages report that his aura was completely severed by a powerful barrier casted around the entire valley. No mana is being tracked inside that barrier." The army general informed.

Both of them stepped out into the blinding daylight of the grand courtyard.

Before them stood thousands of steel-clad soldiers in perfect ranks, banners snapping in the wind like war drums.

"The rest await at the kingdom gates, Your Majesty," the General added quietly.

Adwin drew a slow breath.

"I needed all of them to hear this, but fine..."

Then he unsheathed his blade in one fluid motion.

<Enraging Spirit>

Crimson aura exploded outward from his body, washing over the courtyard like spilled blood. The air itself seemed to scream.

"MY SOLDIERS!"

His voice boomed, shaking the very stones beneath their feet.

"TODAY YOU WILL SEE THINGS YOU HAVE ONLY HEARD IN NIGHTMARE TALES YOU ONCE TOLD YOUR CHILDREN TO KEEP THEM INDOORS!

TODAY YOU WILL FACE POWERS THAT DWARF YOUR OWN!

BUT I—YOUR KING—WILL STAND IN THE FRONT LINE WITH YOU! I WILL CARVE A PATH THROUGH HELL ITSELF IF I MUST!

AND I WILL LEAD EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU TO VICTORY!

MAY THE GODS WITNESS THIS MOMENT AND WELCOME US INTO THE HEAVEN WITH OPEN HANDS!

BECAUSE NO MAN TODAY WILL DIE WITHOUT RAISING THEIR SWORD AND GIVING IT THEIR ALL!!

TO VICTORY!!!!!!!!!!"

A deafening roar answered him.

Thousands of swords ripped free of their scabbards in perfect unison.

"TO VICTORRYYYYYYYYYYYY!!"

Adwin swung himself onto the royal warhorse without another word.

The warhorse reared once, then surged forward.

Behind him, the sea of steel and crimson banners rolled like an avalanche toward the kingdom gates.

---

Duran Mountains, Southern Entrance

The dust still hung thick in the air, a gray shroud over the blackened crater that used to be forest.

Leon stood at the very edge of Rees’s barrier, bare hands loose at his sides, crimson eyes calm behind the white mask as he watched the settling ash.

"Sir..." Rees murmured. "I sense something."

Fruela’s finger snapped upward from her perch.

"There. In the smoke."

Dredis’s breath caught.

A towering shadow loomed amid the gray veil, four arms, easily twelve feet tall.

"That thing can’t be human," Dredis whispered, voice shaking. He reached into his belt and pulled a thin blowpipe, loading a poisoned dart with trembling fingers.

Leon didn’t even glance at him.

<Inspect>

A faint yellow window flickered in his vision alone.

[Name: Melare]

[Class: Martial Artist]

[Race: Demon]

[Level: 55]

[HP: 780000/780000]

[MP: 5000/5000]

[Description: One of the twelve rulers of the demonic village Juhorn. Born with hyper-regenerative flesh. Mastered the martial arts of a human adventurer after killing him.]

The dust finally parted.

Melare stepped forward.

Half his blue hide was charred black and weeping, the other half still steaming. Rage twisted his fanged face into something demonic.

He raised one clawed finger straight at Leon.

"Were you the one who caused that explosion?"

Leon summoned Nyxter in a single fluid motion. The black blade materialized in his grip, edge shining from the sunlight.

"Assassin," he said lightly, never taking his eyes off Melare, "you can leave now."

Dredis didn’t need to be told twice.

"T-Thanks..."

He vanished from the branch like smoke.

Leon tilted his head.

"Yes," he answered simply. "I was the one."

<Flowbind Breathing>

*Fuuuuu—*

Melare’s lips peeled back.

"You are dead."

He vanished.

A heartbeat later he reappeared directly behind Leon, four massive fists already hammering forward.

<Iron Punches: Dimensional Hit>

Each punch turned metallic, the air screaming as they tore through sound barrier itself.

<Blind Spot>

Leon disappeared from Melare’s vision for exactly one second.

THUD—THUD—THUD—THUD!

Four craters exploded into the scorched earth where Leon had stood.

"Master..." Fruela breathed with a worried expression.

"His head..." Dusk said, already rising to his feet as his eyes focused on Leon completely.

Melare’s eyes widened.

"What the—"

A white flash spread across his neck.

Leon reappeared behind the demon, Nyxter’s edge dripping vivid blue blood.

*Swish.*

*Thud.*

Melare’s head toppled cleanly from his shoulders and rolled across the ash.

"Wow... he died that fast?" Rees asked in low voice.

Enid’s voice trembled.

"He’s not dead. Master, his head is regenerating—"

A brutal fist exploded from the side toward Leon’s face.

"I know," Leon said, smiling as he looked at Enid.

He ducked under the blow without hurry.

The punch whistled past his mask, close enough to stir the air.

*Swish—*

Leon straightened, turning slowly.

Melare already stood whole again—new head sprouting seamlessly from the stump, flesh knitting with sickening wet sounds.

"Well, well..." Leon murmured, smile widening. "Aren’t you regenerating fast?"

"Oh... I have seen this before." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"Hmm...? What do you mean ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Didn’t I tell you about the Hob-goblin that sir Leon played with ?" Rees asked in return.

"Yes, what about it ?" Dusk replied.

"Well... He is doing same with the Demon. The movement of sir Leon’s body are lazy and slow, he is dodging the attacks slowly on purpose."

"You are telling me that you think master is playing with that demon ?" Dusk asked with a shocked expression.

"I don’t think that, I just know he is playing with the Demon." Rees replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 305: Demon Arts
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Ever since I came to this world, I have fought many monsters, and there was a very funny thing about every monster.

They do attacks in the same pattern again and again, like some kind of NPC who keeps repeating the same actions. I don’t know how, but I understand it every time I fight a monster, and once I understand it... I like to play with it a little.’

Leon thought as he stepped in front of Melare and looked at him with a mocking smile.

"You—"

Before Melare could complete his sentence, he disappeared from his position.

’Now he will appear behind me and try to punch me from all four sides with his metal punches.’

Leon thought with a smile as he felt Melare reappearing behind him.

’...And I will just use my skill. Since my skill Blind Spot has already bumped up two ranks, it feels good to use.’

---

[Name: Blind Spot]

[Rank: D]

[Description: Turns the user invisible for exactly one second. If the user is within a 3-meter range of the opponent, the user will be teleported behind the opponent.

The skill can be re-cast, but with every usage, mana consumption increases by +5 MP and cooldown increases by 30 seconds.]

---

"DIEEEEEE...!" Melare shouted as his fists turned into metal once again and slammed down at Leon with full force.

<Blind Spot>

*Swish*

Leon disappeared from his spot and reappeared directly behind Melare.

’That’s his first move... Now he will turn around and give me a side punch.’

Leon thought with a smile as he ducked to the side without even looking at the punch.

*Swish*

Melare threw the side punch exactly as Leon predicted, but it missed.

"Is that all you have?" Leon asked with a smile.

"YOUUUUUU... FINE! I WILL SHOW YOU MY TECHNIQUE BEFORE KILLING YOU!"

Melare shouted in rage as he immediately formed a lotus-like hand seal with all four of his hands.

<DEMONIC ARTS — THIRD FORM: BLOOMING LOTUS DOMAIN>

"Oh shit... it’s a domain technique," Rees spoke with a serious expression as he immediately tried to counter the spell—but it had already taken effect.

As soon as the skill activated, everything around them changed into a huge dirty pond with thousands of lotus flowers floating over it.

"W-What kind of technique is this?" Fruela shouted as the tree beneath her feet disappeared and she fell into the pond.

"These things... why are they sticking to my legs?" Dusk asked as he quickly moved away from the lotus flowers closing in on him from every direction.

’A demonic art... It’s a fucking demonic art.’ Enid thought as her expression turned grim.

"If you stay angry or think about violence, even in your mind, these lotus flowers will cover you completely and choke you to death."

She immediately plunged her nails into her right arm and let her blood drip into the pond.

The moment her blood touched the dirty water, all the lotus flowers around them began to wither and die.

"How did you do that?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"I have poison mixed in my blood," Enid replied seriously. "I can activate it at will and kill anything that breathes."

"That’s not a good ability for monsters who eat demons," Rees muttered as he looked at her.

"Look..." Dusk suddenly spoke, pointing his claw towards Leon.

...

The lotus flowers were crawling all over Leon’s body, covering him from every side in thick layers.

Yet, he stood completely still, doing nothing to resist.

"The more you think about killing me, the more you’ll be restrained by these flowers. Once they cover your entire body, it’s impossible to escape.

You can try to run, but you cannot outrun my domain... Hahahahaha! Why aren’t you saying anything now ? Scared ?"

Melare asked with a wide grin.

’My lower body is completely covered in these lotus flowers. Just like he said, I can’t move my legs even a bit. It’s like I’m trapped inside an extremely tight plaster.’ Leon thought calmly.

’Well... it’s a good thing I made this skill while waiting for Dusk.’

A screen popped up in front of him.

---

[Name: Multiple Control]

[Rank: D]

[Description:

When activated, this skill taps into a portion of the user’s unconscious mind, establishing independent connections with each {Mana Thread}.

Through this link and the support of {Sixth Sense}, the threads automatically move to protect the user from any detected danger.

When the user is actively focusing, the threads follow his precise will and intent.

When the user’s attention is elsewhere, the threads operate purely on instinct, reacting with split-second movements based on {Sixth Sense} warnings.]

---

’Turns out I can also write bigger and more specific descriptions now. It’ll be fun to make skills after this.’

Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face.

’Did he just smile...?’

Melare thought as his expression hardened.

<Multi-Cast>

<Multiple Control>

As soon as Leon activated the skill, all the blades of Nyxter separated and began floating in a circle around him.

Slowly, their momentum increased.

Within seconds, their speed became so fast that a visible black ring formed around Leon’s body.

Leon raised his hand—and slowly brought it down.

The ring of blades descended with it, shredding and annihilating every flower and vine wrapped around his body.

"Woah..." Enid muttered.

"Master has really gained terrifying control over those blades," Dusk said with a smile.

"Hm... let’s try this."

Leon raised his hand again and twisted it to the right.

Instantly, the blades began whirling around him from every direction at an absurd speed, forming a rotating barrier so dense that even air struggled to pass through.

Every lotus flower that approached was obliterated instantly.

Leon began walking toward Melare.

With every step, his bloodlust grew.

More and more flowers rushed at him—but not a single one broke through the blade shield.

"H-How are you doing that?" Melare asked, panic creeping into his voice.

"I’m closing the distance," Leon replied with a bloodthirsty smirk.

"And since you’re still holding your hand seals, that means your domain restricts your body movements."

Leon removed his mask and stored it inside his inventory.

"So... I am going to kill you now."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 306: BLACK DEATH’S GRAVEYARD
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"D-Don’t come near me..." Melare spoke with a hesitant expression as he looked at Leon.

"Oh, I am coming for you... Better get ready to die," Leon replied with a twisted smirk as he continued walking toward Melare.

’There is something wrong. He is not cancelling his domain. Even though he knows I’m close to killing him... why hasn’t he cancelled it ?’ Leon thought as he kept closing the distance while keeping his guard up.

...And then he felt it.

The aura around Melare suddenly changed—and so did his hand seal.

<DEMON ART : PUDDLE OF DEATH>

The moment the Demon Art activated, the pond beneath Leon’s feet began pulling him down.

The whirling blades of Nyxter stopped instantly as they too became stuck inside the pond.

"What will you do now ?" Melare spoke with a wide smile.

"The more you try to get out, the more it will pull you in. If you use even a shred of mana, it’ll drag you down even faster.

So... take your next step very carefully." He explained while looking at Leon with a grin.

"Haha... my body is continuously using mana, you stupid demon." Leon replied calmly.

"So that’s as fast as this puddle can pull me down." Leon spoke with a smile as he casually walked over the surface of the puddle.

"N-No... way! H-How are you doing that ?!" Melare’s voice trembled as he stared at Leon with a shocked expression.

<Feather Weight x100 stacks>

’The puddle can only suck in things using their own weight and gravity. Since I activated this skill before the fight even began, I already have a hundred stacks.

My weight is equal to air now. It can’t pull me in.’ Leon thought as a smirk spread across his face.

"H-How is this even possible? That shouldn’t be possible, no matter what spell you use, the puddle should pull you down." Melare muttered, his expression twisted with even more shock.

"Haa... I want to kill you right now," Leon said calmly.

"But I know you can’t be killed here. Your regeneration is already high—and once you activate this skill, it increases tenfold.

Killing you inside your domain is nearly impossible."

"How do you even know that?" Melare asked stiffly.

"You see that girl standing over there?" Leon replied, pointing toward Enid.

"She told me everything about you guys."

Melare followed his finger.

The moment he recognized her face, his eyes widened in fear.

"Mistress of Night... Madam Enid. W-What is she doing here ?"

<Blade of Artimes>

*Swish*

A white flash crossed Melare’s throat.

*Thud*

His head fell into the pond.

But before Leon could even blink, another head regenerated.

’As I thought... Even Blade of Artimes won’t work against his hyper regeneration in the domain.’ Leon turned and looked at Rees.

He then raised his hand slightly and did a gesture.

---

30 minutes ago...

"So you’re saying that inside his domain, even if he’s standing still... it’s impossible to kill him because of his regeneration?" Leon asked Enid.

"That’s why I’m worried, Master," Enid replied grimly.

"Melare is not an ordinary demon. He was one of the strongest—someone who was about to be promoted to a General."

"He’ll run out of mana eventually, right ?" Leon asked calmly.

"How long can he maintain the domain?"

"That’s the problem," Enid replied.

"His domain doesn’t consume mana. He manipulates ambient mana using his arts and sustains it."

"Sir Leon... I can deal with his domain," Rees spoke quietly.

"What will you do?" Leon asked.

...

---

Present time...

"Hm... very well then," Rees said softly.

He raised his wand and gripped it with both hands.

"ALREMORE HUNTROS SURLOCOUS HULIKINAMA... ACTIVASAROS."

Rees slammed his wand into the ground.

"What are you doing?" Dusk asked seriously.

"A forbidden art..." Enid whispered, her eyes widening. "He’s going to overwrite the domain."

She immediately stopped her blood from dripping.

<FORBIDDEN ART: BLACK DEATH’S GRAVEYARD>

Silence fell.

Crack—Crack—Crack—Crack

Cracks spread across Melare’s domain.

"N-No... What is happening?! W-What have you—"

CRACKKKKKKKKKKKK

The domain shattered.

Instead of sunlight, red moonlight poured down.

Graves erupted from the ground.

A horrifying graveyard swallowed everything.

"Nothing is more powerful than death," Rees said calmly. "Sensory Blocker."

He twisted his wand.

Melare’s eyes turned white.

His hearing vanished.

His breathing stopped.

Taste disappeared.

His skin felt nothing.

"You can’t regenerate if your mind doesn’t know where it hurts," Leon said coldly.

"With all your senses gone, you’re just a sitting chicken."

Leon raised his sword.

Swish—Swish

Melare’s head flew cleanly from his shoulders and it didn’t regenerate this time.

*Thud*

Rees twisted his wand again.

Thousands of black ropes burst from the ground and dragged Melare’s body beneath the earth.

"Dispel," Rees said.

The domain vanished.

"Well... I have to say," Leon said with a smile as he looked at Enid, "He wasn’t that strong after all."

"Master... thousands of men are coming this way," Dusk said as he reappeared.

"I see."

Leon pulled out his mask and placed it back on his face.

---

Hidden Demonic village, inside a dark room...

Regoris is sitting down on one knee, his forehead completely covered in sweat and fear completely visible on his face.

In front him stood a towering figure, only his four green eyes shining in the dark.

"How ?"

"I-I don’t know, Brothe-"

Swish

Thud

Before Regoris could’ve completed his sentence, his head was severed from his body.

"Wrong answer."

In just a few seconds Regoris’ head was regenerated.

"I-I was standing on the-"

Swish

Thud

"Wrong again."

Once again Regoris’ second head fell down on the ground but as soon as the third head was generated, he placed his forehead against the floor with his whole body shivering from fear.

"Enid Snetz, A human, a black elf, a lich and some kind of black beast. But the human was enough to kill him... He played with Melare before killing him. He can also use short range teleportation." Regoris replied with a scared tone.

"A human... Who killed one of my most powerful Demon. Hmm... Let’s go and meet him."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 307: You have my attention
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Step-step-step-step-step*

The Royal Cavalry is standing a few kilometres away from the duran mountain’s entrance.

Two royal mages are standing in front of the army and talking to each other with confused expressions.

"What’s wrong ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression as he looked at the Royal mages.

"Your majesty... This magical barrier is very strong. I think we have to sacrifice artifacts to breakthrough it." One of the mage replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes, your majesty." the other mage nodded as he bowed down to Adwin.

"Then sacrifice it... Why are you waiting ?" Adwin asked with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes your majesty." The royal mages spoke with a hesitated expression as they immediately walked away from Adwin.

"You have to sacrifice the locket."

"Why me ? Your artifact is even weaker than me... You sacrifice it."

"My locket is C-rank and your ring is also C-rank... So both of our artifacts are of same rank."

"My locket summons a familiar and your ring in only a spatial-"

*Creeeeeeaaak*

Suddenly three carriages stopped right next to Adwin’s horse.

*Click*

The gates opened up and Ruben walked out, he slowly bowed down to Adwin and greeted him.

"Your Majesty."

"Looks like we are a little bit late." Gris spoke with a smile as he also exited the carriage and bowed down slightly to Adwin.

"I geet my king."

"Hello, Gris... I heard you were coming with Dreulis ? Where is he ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression as he looked inside the carriage and noticed that it was empty.

"Yeah... He saw some wierd flower in the middle of the forest and disappeared from the carriage." Gris replied with a neutral expression.

"Well... If you won’t let him out of that tower that’s going to happen." Adwin replied with a smile.

"We can’t stop him even if we want to. He is free to move out anytime he wants." Gris replied with a smrik.

"Umm... Your majesty, why are we stopping here ?" Ruben asked with a confused expression as he looked at Adwin.

"There is a powerful barrier covering the whole valley and the royal mages are working on how to break it." Adwin replied with a neutral expression as he pointed towards the invisible barrier.

"A barrier ?" Gris asked with a confused expression as he immediately walked upto the barrier and placed his hand against the barrier.

His hand stopped mid-air as he felt the powerful invisible force pushing against his palm.

"Hmm... It’s not a weak barrier but also not very strong one. This barrier will need artifact sacrifice and-" Before Gris could’ve completed his sentence, a bony hand appeared over his shoulder.

"It won’t..." As soon as Gris heard the plain voice, a smile appeared over his face.

"Did you check out that flower of yours ?" Gris asked with a smile as he turned around and noticed that Dreulis was standing right behind him.

"Yes, I did... It was a normal Guonlud flower, nothing much but this right here is something beautiful." Dreulis replied as he walked upto the barrier and touched it with his boney hand and suddenly the blue flames floating in his eyes, started glowing brighter.

"What do you think ?" Adwin asked from behind as he stepped down from his horse and walked upto Dreulis.

"This barrier... It’s undead magic. There is another lich here who casted this barrier. Intresting, very interesting." Dreulis spoke with a serious tone as he opened his bony hand and closed it again.

But before his hand could’ve closed completely, a staff appeared in between it.

The staff was big, it’s lower part was made from a white wood, middle part was made out of a brown wood and on the top it had a black crystal ball.

"Let’s see... If I can reverse this barrier using the same spell. Hehehehe..." Dreulis spoke as he started laughing like a creep and placed the tip of the crystal ball against the barrier.

"HELIOS..."

Inside the Valley,

Leon is sitting on the same tree stump with a neutral expression under the mask as he continued to stare at Melare’s decapitated head.

Rees and Enid were standing right next to him. It was as if they were all waiting for someone or something.

Dusk was lying lazily on the ground and looking around.

Fruela is sitting on the top of a big tree and looking around for any movements.

"Are you sure he is going to come ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Enid.

"I am pretty sure he might be on his way to-" Before Enid could’ve completed his sentence, Rees interrupted.

"Master.... Something is not right." He spoke in a very serious tone as he looked up.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Someone is trying to break my barrier and it’s not a normal mage, it’s not even a Royal mage." Rees spoke as his grip tightened around his staff.

"Then what is it ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he stood up from the stump.

"An undead... A lich like me, but older and wiser. He is completely reversing the spell and turning it into a null spell to remove the barrier.

I can only hold the barrier for a few more minutes, after that it’s impossible." Rees explained as he poured more mana into the staff.

"Let it go... Remove the barrier." Leon ordered with a neutral tone as a smirk spread across his face.

"What !?" Enid asked with a confused and shocked expression.

"As you command, Sir." Rees replied as he immediately picked picked his wand off the ground and the barrier disappeared immediately.

"Why did you remove the barrier master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Your question will be answered shortly." Leon replied with a smile.

...

Valley’s entrance,

*SWISH*

"Hmm...? The barrier is broken." One of the Royal mage spoke as he raised his hand and noticed that the barrier was gone.

"Your majesty, the barrier is gone."

"Very good, Dreulis. EVERYONE MARCH FORWARD." Adwin shouted loudly as the armies followed his orders and started marching behind him immediately.

"You didn’t break it, did you ?" Gris asked with a smile as he walked upto Dreulis.

"No." Dreulis replied in a heavy voice.

"Looks like whoever built this barrier wanted to keep something inside. Well, this is going to be fun." Gris replied as he started walking towards the carriage.

"Very well... You have my attention." Dreulis spoke in a low voice as the blue flames in his eyes flickered even more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 308: The Blow up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Adwin rided forward and reached the middle of the valley, he noticed a tree stump—

Perfectly cut down by magic.

"HALT." Adwin shouted as he raised his fist into the air. Everyone immediately stopped behind him.

The generals also raised their hands and the armies halted all at once.

*Swish*

Dreulis appeared beside the stump and placed his bony hand over it.

"He was here..." he spoke in a low voice.

"Who? The undead you were talking about?" Gris asked, confusion written all over his face.

"No. No. No..." Dreulis shook his head slowly.

"That undead isn’t acting on his own. Someone stronger is with him. Someone who is ordering him around."

He paused.

"I can sense his aura."

The purple middle ring on his finger glowed, releasing an invisible wave of mana across the valley.

"He’s near... but I can’t pinpoint his exact location. It’s like he’s using some kind of—"

"Spell to hide." A calm voice suddenly came from above.

Everyone snapped their heads upward.

Leon was hanging upside down from the branch of a massive tree, his legs wrapped around it casually.

His red eyes staring at Dreulis through the mask.

"Sir, Michael Jackson... is that you?" Adwin asked as he immediately dismounted from his horse.

Leon let go of the branch.

His body began falling—but due to the zero weight surrounding him, he summoned Nyxter and forcefully regained mass.

*Thud*

As soon as he landed, Leon walked straight toward Adwin.

"Hm...?" Dreulis stared at him, the flames in his eyes flickering once again.

’It’s him.’

"Hello... Adwin," Leon said neutrally.

’His aura... it has changed. I can feel his bloodlust. Just like Dredis said.’ Adwin thought as he smiled and raised his hand.

"How are you?" he asked.

Leon shook his hand and met his gaze.

"I’m good. Just blew up half of this valley. Sorry for the damage."

"Yeah, I heard that from Dredis and you don’t have to say sorry, we are both kings. What happened exactly ?" Adwin asked calmly.

"I did a little research after that little meeting of yours," Leon replied, folding his hands behind his back.

"And I found out there aren’t only twelve demons in this forest." He explained and took a small pause.

"I don’t think... I follow, are you saying there are more than twelve." Adwin said, his smile stiffening.

"There’s an entire demon village hidden inside this forest." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Adwin.

"What !? A whole village ?" Adwin exclaimed.

"Sir Michael Jackson is telling the truth, Your Majesty," Gris said seriously. "We discovered the same thing using advanced magic."

"And you’re telling me this now?" Adwin turned sharply toward him, a pressuring aura leaking from his body. He was clearly angry.

"I—I wasn’t completely sure of the results, Your Majesty. I couldn’t present unconfirmed information," Gris replied hesitantly.

Leon interrupted.

"Here’s a little gift for you."

He opened his inventory and pulled out a severed head.

"Catch." Leon spoke as he threw the head of Melare towards Ruben.

*Catch*

Ruben caught it—then immediately dropped it, terror flooding his face.

*Thud*

"Who is that ?" Adwin asked.

"One of the twelve demons ruling that village," Leon replied indifferently.

"His name was Melare. He wasn’t that hard to kill." He explained.

"You killed one of the twelve rulers... alone ?" Dreulis asked, staring at Leon.

"So you’re the undead who was trying to breach the barrier," Leon said, looking at him with a tilted neck.

<Inspect>

[Name: Dreulis]

[Class: Lich]

[Race: Undead]

[Level: 399]

[HP: -/-]

[MP: -/-]

[Description: Dreulis turned into a lich after being betrayed by his beloved wife and her lover. On the verge of death, he made a contract with an unknown god in exchange for forbidden knowledge and an unknown favor.]

’His level is insane... I can’t even see his mana or HP,’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

"Where is your lich ?" Dreulis asked as he looked at Leon. "I want to meet him, if you are done assessing me."

"Rees," Leon said quietly as he raised his hand gestured with his fingers.

*Swish*

Rees appeared out of thin air and bowed.

"Sir."

"Short-range teleportation ? Huh ?" Dreulis muttered as he approached him.

"It’s basic for liches," Rees replied calmly.

"Our bodies are only bones. Teleportation is easier for the undead when compared to living beings."

"Hm. You know your spells and everything about their working, good." Dreulis nodded.

"How long has it been ?" He asked as he noticed the small incantation over Rees’ bones.

"Over a century... I believe I’m in the middle of another one." Rees replied as he looked at Dreulis.

"Well—" Before Dreulis said anything else, he suddenly turned toward the empty field behind him.

"You sense it too, don’t you ?" He spoke in a low voice.

"Master..." Rees spoke as he immediately turned around to look at Leon.

Leon smiled faintly under his mask.

"Looks like our guests are here." He spoke outloud.

Figures began closing in from the distance.

"Demons..." Adwin muttered, unsheathing his sword as he stepped beside Leon.

"Master... Would you like me to asses their weapons from close ?" Fruela asked with a neutral expression from above.

"No." Leon replied as a smile spread across his face.

"There are eleven of them," Gris said, raising his wand. "Each one is extremely powerful."

"Would you mind covering your ears ?" Leon asked Adwin.

"What ? Why ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression.

"Well... We will have to welcome our guests properly." Leon replied.

<Frenhiz Shield>

Rees casted the spell instantly.

A massive wall of invisible mana formed in front of Leon and Adwin.

"What are you—" Dreulis began—

"I always love this part." Leon turned slightly, a wide grin forming beneath his mask.

"Kaboom."

Two blinding white lines erupted from beneath the demons.

Then—

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

Two huge explosions took place inside the Duran valley and they shook the whole human kingdom itself.

"WHAT’S HAPPENING ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression as he looked if he looked at Leon.

"I call it... The Blow up."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 309: Merlin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’Whenever an explosive magic spell is casted, mana is captured into the air as mana pattern. Those patterns can be analysed and found out what kind of spell has been used to cause the explosion.

But... This guy, he has so many passive skills active around his body and yet, I can’t possibly find out what each one of them does.

It’s as if... He is inventing his own spells. I can’t even nullify those spells without knowing their patterns. If I have to say it frankly... He is my natural enemy and an ideal test subject at the same time.’ Dreulis thought as he looked at Leon and thousands of thoughts popped up in his head.

"Don’t think too much about sir, Leon. The more you get to know him the more mysterious he turns out to be." Rees spoke as he walked behind Leon and started chanting.

"What ?" Dreulis asked as he couldn’t understand what Rees meant by that.

"Master... All of them are carrying magical weapons." Fruela informed from above.

"Obviously they are... They are fucking demons and I don’t know how they are still alive, even after that explosion." Adwin spoke as he holded the hilt of his sword tight and continued to stare at the shadows standing in the dust that was settling down slowly.

"Hyper regeneration." Leon replied with a calm smile.

As soon as the dust settled down, a Demon with green coloured skin came in view.

Two vertically rotated pitch black eyes staring directly into Leon’s eyes, his upper clothes were completely torn off by the explosion.

His body was lean and muscular at the same time with vines popping out from every single muscle.

Leon used his skill on him without wasting another second.

<Inspect>

[Name: Merlin]

[Class: Aura Master]

[Race: Demon]

[Level: 137]

[HP: 3000000/3000000]

[MP: 1500000/1500000]

[Title: {Dark Knight} {Last Stander}]

[Description: Merlin is one of most strongest Aura master in the Demon kingdom. He can manipulate mana around him to kill his enemies and once he activates his sacred treasure... Killing him becomes nearly impossible.]

’A demon with two fucking titles... Oh this is going to be fun.’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

"I take it that you are the one who killed one of my brother Melare ?" Merlin asked as he raised his hand and pointed towards Leon.

"Didn’t the red one tell you already ? I saw him watching the whole show from a distance." Leon replied as he took a step forward.

"Michael... Be careful." Adwin spoke with a serious expression.

"There are so many swords behind you and there are 10 of us here, now that’s not fair is it ?" A black demon spoke from behind with an evil smile on his face.

"How about we make a deal ?" Merlin spoke as he took a step forward and raised his hand towards Leon.

*Slice*

Suddenly a cut appeared over his middle finger and a drop of blood fell down onto the ground.

As soon as the blood was dropped on the ground, a huge red magic circle covered the ground.

But as soon as the circle expanded upto Dreulis, he raised his wand and tapped it onto the ground.

*CRACK*

As soon as his wand touched the ground, the magic circle broke immediately... All the demons immediately started at Dreulis with shocked expressions.

"I am sorry... But I don’t like to get involved in a pact without my permission and I won’t warn you lowly creatures again, so keep your games away from me if you want to live." Dreulis warned as he looked at the demons.

’He can wipe them out... But he is not doing it that means he is not with the humans.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"I am sorry, sir. I didn’t meant to disrespect you... I will make sure that you won’t be included in the pact." Merlin spoke in a very respectful voice as he immediately made another cut on his finger and another drop of his blood fell down on the ground.

This time as the magic red circle expanded, it passed right through Dreulis without touching him.

"This is a demonic pact circle made from the blood of a higher demon, it’s for a one on one duel between you and me to death, if you accept it... Drop your blood on it.

But, if you lost... I will gain the right to claim every life standing inside this pact circle." Merlin spoke with a wide smile.

"I will accept that challenge." Adwin spoke as he walked forward.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at Adwin with a smile.

"I am not purposing the pact to you... I want to fight him and avenge my brother. If anyone other than me and him tried to interfere in this match, their souls will be claimed by vengeful spirits of hell. Do you accept ?" Merlin spoke with a serious expression as he pointed towards Leon.

"What if I don’t ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"If you don’t accept the pact... All of us will do everything in our power to kill you even if that means dying right here today." Merlin spoke with a serious expression as he let out his bloodlust.

*Clink-Clack*

Suddenly, all the demons standing behind him summoned their weapons.

"Why don’t you try it ? And I will show you why I am holding this sword in my hands." Adwin spoke with an angry expression as he raised his sword.

"No... I will take care of him." Leon spoke as he walked forward and raised his hand.

"What will I get, if I win ?" Leon asked.

"All of my brothers and sisters standing behind me will cut off their own heads and die as soon as I die." Merlin replied with a serious expression.

"Good enough."

Suddenly one of the Nyxter’s blade came flying from the right and made a small cut on his finger.

*Drop*

One of his blood drop fell over the magic circle and it shined brightly red.

"The pact is now sealed. Oh and there is one more thing that I might’ve forget to tell you, the first one to step out of this pact circle will die within ten seconds... Hehehehe." Merlin spoke with a maniacal smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 310: The demons must be really desperate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Well then... Let’s start this duel." Merlin spoke with a smile as he raised both of his hands and air started to bend around his hands.

<Pain’s recovery>

<Steel web armour>

<Instant Kill>

[{Multi-Cast} has been activated]

[{Adrenaline rush} has been activated]

[{Glitch point} has been activated]

<Threads>

<Multiple Control>

<Sixth sense>

<Reverberate>

<Feather Weight : off>

...

Suddenly Leon’s whole body got covered in a pitch black armour and his eyes also turned completely dark.

*Thud*

The mask on his face fell down to the ground.

"Kill or Die." Leon spoke in a low voice as he raised his hand once again and Nyxter’s handle came flying into his hand.

*Grab*

Leon grabbed it tightly as the other blades came flying from different directions and got attached to the handle.

"What kind of sword is that ?" Ruben asked with a confused expression.

"A detachable sword... I have also seen something like this for the very first time and I thought I have used every type of weapon." Adwin spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"Aura cut First Form : THOUSAND BLADES." Merlin activated his skill and thousands of invisible blades made out of raw aura moved towards Leon with full speed.

*Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang-Tang*

All thousand blades hitted Leon with full speed but Leon didn’t move from his position.

"Hmm... That armour of yours, I like it. I shall have it once you are dead. I will rip it put-" Before Merlin could’ve completed his sentence, Leon raised his hand.

"Steel web Reflect..."

[250% magic damage will be reflected!!!]

"His bloodlust..." Merlin spoke in a low voice as he felt a high level of threat from Leon all of a sudden.

<Flowbind Breathing>

<Blind Spot>

*Swish*

Suddenly, Leon disappeared from Merlin’s sight.

"What ?" Merlin’s eyes widened in shock as he immediately felt Leon’s presences directly behind him.

*Touch*

Leon placed his middle finger against Merlin’s back and spoke.

"Steel web Reflect..."

[250% magic damage will be reflected]

Suddenly, Merlin’s whole body started to vibrate violently as blood started spraying everywhere.

"GWAAAHHHHHH..."

"What the-!?"

"How did he-!?"

Ruben and Gris were also left shocked as soon as they saw Leon’s spell.

"What spell is that ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression.

"A teleportation spell combined with a reflection spell... The mana to activate the spell was generated from that armour of his." Dreulis replied in a calm tone as he continued to focus on Leon.

After vomiting a mouthful of blood, Merlin’s regeneration kicked in and healed his body completely within a split second.

Without wasting another second, he moved away from Leon with full speed.

*Swish*

’What the hell was that ? It felt as if my attack was reflected on me with double the strength. I knew that he can teleport but how is he teleporting so fast ?’ Merlin thought with a serious expression as he looked at Leon.

"I didn’t even use my sword and you are already running away ?" Leon asked in a mocking tone as he looked at Merlin.

"Y-You..." Merlin spoke as he raised his hands once again and suddenly two shining red swords appeared in his hands.

<BLOOD HOUNDS: BLOOD THIRST>

Merlin immediately plunged both of the swords into his own hearts.

*BOOOOOOOOOM*

Suddenly a wave of bloodlust was released from Merlin’s body as he turned completely red and his eyes started shining brightly golden.

"He sacrificed his own hearts to complete the ritual." Enid spoke with a serious expression as her eyes widened in shock.

"My My... Looks like it’s time to take this thing seriously." Leon spoke as a smirk spread across his face.

"What do you know about this ritual little demon girl ?" Dreulis asked as he turned to look at Enid.

"What !?" Ruben asked with a shocked expression as he looked at Dreulis.

"A demon ?" Gris asked as he immediately turned around and looked at Enid.

"She is a demon ?" Adwin asked with a serious expression as he tightened his grip on his sword.

But before Enid could’ve replied, Dusk stepped in front of her. His eyes staring at Adwin with a deadly bloodlust.

"Don’t even try to touch her or master will turn you and this whole kingdom into asesh." Dusk spoke in a heavy voice.

Adwin immediately took one step back as he looked at Dusk and lowered his sword.

"Very well... If she is sir Michael’s slave then I have no problem." Adwin replied with a neutral expression.

"Good..." Dusk replied as he slowly walked away from Enid.

"You were telling us about the ritual." Dreulis spoke in a low voice.

"Ah yes... Blood hounds is the only sword art that can be used by aura masters. But it’s a forbidden spell since it requires sacrifice of two hearts.

Now it doesn’t matter who those hearts belong to and since demons have six hearts, Merlin sacrificed two of his own hearts to kill master.

Once the sacrifice is completed, the user will achieve incredible physical powers and a magical insight that can show him two seconds into the future." Enid explained with a neutral expression.

"A sacrificial forbidden spell that can grant enormous powers and future insights. I believe there is a huge backlash in the spell." Dreulis asked.

"The spell will only remain active for three minutes if a life is not taken by the swords in that time... The swords will take over the user and use him until he is exhausted." Enid replied.

"The backlash of possession. Looks like demons are desperate to win this time... sacrificing their souls and bodies in order to defeat a human is crazy." Dreulis spoke as he immediately looked at Leon and noticed something strange about his sword.

Leon placed his middle finger over the edge of Nyxter and slided it towards the other side.

<Blade Of Artimes>

As soon as he activated the skill, the flames in Dreulis’ eyes glowed brightly.

’That spell... I have seen it before. It’s not from this realm. Don’t tell me... did he pass that trial ?’ Dreulis thought as his curiosity continued to grow more and more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 311: Invincible Threads
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let’s get this party started for real..." Leon spoke with a smile—and in the next instant, a massive wave of bloodlust exploded out of his body.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

"I AM GOING TO KILLLLLL YOUUUUUUUUUU!" Merlin roared as he vanished from his position and reappeared right in front of Leon, both swords thrust straight toward his eyes.

<Loose Grip>

[Name: Loose Grip]

[Rank: D]

[Description: Once used, the opponent’s grip will automatically slip on their weapon, with a 75% chance to inflict {Paralysis} for one second.]

[Cooldown: 10 seconds]

[Mana: 80 mana]

In the next moment, both swords slipped from Merlin’s hands and crashed onto the ground.

*Tang—Tang*

"What the—" Before Merlin could finish his sentence, his body froze mid-air.

’This is impossible... How can a mere human use paralysis powerful enough to affect me? And how did my blades slip out of my hands?’ Merlin thought—only to see Leon’s blade tearing in from the right at full speed.

"Die." Leon spoke with a smile as he brought his sword towards Merlin’s neck with full speed.

"Brother... USE IT! HIS BLADE IS ENCHANTED WITH REGENERATION NEGLECTING SPELL." Regoris shouted from behind with a worried expression and wide eyes.

’I didn’t wanted to use it this fast into the fight but if this is what it has come down to.’ Merlin thought with a serious expression as he closed his eyes.

<DEMON ARTS — SEVENTH FORM: ABSOLUTE AURA FIELD>

*SWIIIIISSHHHHHHH*

*Tang*

An unknown energy instantly wrapped around Merlin’s body, forming a force field that effortlessly deflected Leon’s sword.

’What the fuck—!?’ Leon thought as his eyes widened in shock.

*Thud*

"You are dead now," Merlin said coldly as he landed on the ground, immediately retrieving both of his swords.

Merlin whirled the swords in his hands and immediately tightened his grip on their handles.

*SWISH*

Without wasting another second he thrusted them towards Leon’s heart from below

<Blind Spot>

Leon activated the skill and vanished once again—reappearing right behind Merlin.

"Not this time..." Merlin muttered as he spun around at full speed, his blades ripping through the air itself.

’The blades are coming from behind. I can sense them, but I can’t dodge... My feet aren’t even on the ground. No matter how I move in mid-air, I’ll lose a limb.

"That attack... It can’t be dodged that easily." Adwin spoke with a serious expression.

’If it’s come to this... I’ll sacrifice my left hand and reattach it with pain recovery since I—’

Before Leon could finish the thought, he felt something wrap around his entire body—something invisible.

*Swish*

’How is that even possible? How can he react this fast—mid-air? Just how strong is this opponent?’ Merlin thought as he watched Leon’s body rotate a full 180 degrees in mid-air.

"Did he just turn his body mid-air without using any magic?" Ruben asked, stunned.

"Woah... how did Master do that?" Dusk muttered, eyes wide as he stared at Leon.

*Step*

The moment Leon’s feet touched the ground, he noticed Merlin was no longer where he had been a second ago.

24 minutes ago...

"Master... Merlin is ruthless. He will do anything to kill you—even sacrifice himself if that’s what it takes.

He will use his Demon Art: Absolute Aura Field. I’m one hundred percent sure. Once activated, it’s impossible to touch him for ten minutes. But after those ten minutes... he’ll be extremely weak," Enid explained calmly.

"So I just dodge his attacks for ten minutes and kill him afterward," Leon replied neutrally.

"It’s not that simple, Master. During those ten minutes, Merlin will throw away every part of himself just to kill you.

How do I explain this... He accepts death—but he will never bow. He’ll sacrifice everything just to prove he’s stronger," Enid said seriously.

"Very well then... it’s time he accepts death," Leon said with a smile.

Present Time...

"DIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" Merlin screamed as he descended from behind, both blades crashing down from above.

"He can’t dodge that... I have to step in." Adwin said, fear flashing in his widened eyes as he immediately started walking towards Leon.

"Oh, he will," Dreulis replied with a chuckle.

’He’s laughing?’ Gris thought, stunned, as he turned back toward Leon.

*Swish*

Leon’s entire body suddenly shifted to the right in one smooth motion.

He didn’t move his legs.

He didn’t move a single limb.

It was as if some external force dragged him aside.

THUD

Merlin’s blades smashed into the ground, and a wide smirk spread across Leon’s face.

’The mana threads... They’re protecting me because of <Sixth Sense> skill. Everytime he attacks me and my mind senses that I can’t dodge it, the mana threads act on instincts and move my body. If that’s the case...’ Leon thought as he slowly closed his eyes.

The moment Merlin saw that, his eyes went bloodshot. White foam spilled from his mouth as rage consumed him.

"YOU DARE DISRESPECT MEEEEEEE!!!!!" Merlin roared, veins bulging across his body.

"You’re just too easy to fight, are you even a real demon ?" Leon taunted calmly, smiling.

Merlin immediately joined his hands and made a hand seal that looked like a drop symbol.

<BLACK BLOOD — THIRD FORM: DEATH’S WALK>

As soon as he used the technique, his legs got covered in a black flame.

"Death’s Walk... one of the finest footwork spells a demon can use—completely silent and it also boosts his speed." Enid muttered grimly.

"Why would Master close his eyes in a fight like this?" Dusk asked, turning to Rees.

"I—I don’t know... I really don’t understand how sir Leon fights," Rees admitted.

Swish

Merlin vanished into a black shadow and reappeared directly behind Leon. Instead of striking immediately, he held both swords diagonally and charged forward at full speed.

Leon stood perfectly still—listening.

Suddenly, He felt his upper body pulled back and his lower body pushed forward by invisible mana threads.

’As long as I have these mana threads protecting me... I am almost invincible in a one vs one duel.’ Leon thought with a wide smile.

SWISH—SWISH—SWISH—SWISH—SWISH—SWISH—SWISH—SWISH

No matter how Merlin attacked—no matter the angle, speed, or direction—the mana threads twisted Leon’s body just enough to save him every single time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 312: RAG-AL-WILKAR
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH*

Merlin moved his blades incredibly fast but no matter how fast his blades moved, none of them touched Leon.

Leon danced in between his blades and dodged them effortlessly.

Suddenly, Merlin stopped and looked at Leon with an angry expression.

"What ?" Leon asked as he opened his eyes and looked at Merlin with a smile.

"Are you just going to dodge the attacks ? Or are you going to attack as well ?" Merlin asked with a confused expression.

"Well, I will just focus on dodging for now. Until that forbidden technique of yours is going to take over you and destroy you completely." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at Merlin.

"How do you know about-" Before Merlin could’ve completed his sentence he turned around and looked at Enid.

"Heh." Enid looked at him with a knowing smirk.

"You backstabbing bitch. You told him about the Demon arts ?" Merlin asked with a serious expression.

"What are you going to do about it ?" Enid asked with a smile as she looked at Merlin.

"Tch... Fuck this. If it has already come down to this, I will go all in one this." Merlin spoke as he immediately raised one of the blades and severed his hand.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at him with a confused expression.

"Oh shit... MASTER STOP HIM HE IS GOING TO DO THE POSSESSION RITUAL." Enid shouted loudly.

"What’s that ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression.

"A possession ritual is something that can summon the demonic elder’s soul from the depths of hell.

It’s like calling your father’s father’s soul to posses your body and helping you in a battle, but the cost to do so will also be very high." Dreulis spoke in a neutral tone as he turned to look at Adwin.

"What is the cost of the ritual ?" Adwin asked with a confused expression.

"Well the cost to summon a soul from the hell means your soul will have to replace it and once the possession is done, the demon elder’s soul will posses Merlin’s body." Enid interrupted in between with panicked expression.

"The demon girl is right... Since Merlin is already risking possession by the swords he would rather use this ritual as well then to admit defeat in front of him." Dreulis replied.

"Does that mean that the sword spirit and the elder demon’s soul, both will possess his body ?" Ruben asked with a confused expression.

"No the an elder demon’s soul will easily over power the sword spirit and that kid doesn’t have enough to stop the demon since he already has the summoning circle on his hand, all he needed to do was to cut off his hand and sacrifice it." Dreulis replied.

"WITH THIS SACRIFICE OF MY SOUL... I SUMMON THE FINEST OF MY BLOODLINE. GREAT DEMON GENERAL RAG-AL-WILKAR.

SHALL YOU POSSESS MY BODY AND END MY OPPONENT." Merlin shouted as a glow erupted from the summoning tatoo that was made over his hand.

"Oh no. He summoned Ragal." Enid spoke with a serious expression.

"Who is Ragal ?" Gris asked with a confused expression.

"Ragal was one of the finest demon that this race ever produced and when I say the finest... I mean it. He was one of the greatest sword saint.

They told stories of his feats in the demon kingdom and same stories to put human children to sleep. It is said that Ragal once killed an army of ten thousand humans with a half broken sword.

Can you imagine the power that demon had ?" Dreulis spoke as his tone changed to serious.

*THUD*

Suddenly Merlin’s body dropped down lifeless on the ground.

"Should I kill him now ?" Leon asked as he started walking towards Merlin’s unconscious body.

*Step-step-step-step-step*

’I know that I shouldn’t try this... But I will still try to kill him while his body is unconscious. Can not miss the golden opportunity.’ Leon thought as he raised his sword and coiled it back.

*SWISH*

With full speed Leon brought the sword down on Merlin’s neck.

*Catch*

"Fuck..." Leon spoke as he detached the last blade from Nyxter and immediately maintained distance from Merlin’s body.

*Step*

"Haaaaa... Who woke me up after so many years ?" Suddenly his voice changed completely as he stood up from the ground.

There were craks on his face and a red glow was leaking out of the cracks. His eyes turned completely black and there was raw bloodlust in them.

"Hmm...? Looks like I have been summoned back to the mortal world and what the fuck is wrong with this body ?

So unworthy that it can’t even properly keep my soul energy inside it. Oh... Blood Hound Blades." Ragal spoke as he picked up both of blades and started staring at them with a smile.

"It’s been a while since I used these blades..." Ragal spoke as he holded the blades in a X pattern and swinged them towards Leon from a distance.

*SWISH-SWISH*

"Oh my god..." Adwin spoke as his eyes widened in shock.

"What ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"That attack... It was I know that, it’s called ghastly blades of whistling air. When the sword is swinged with precision and full power, two invisible silent blades are released from the swords and... Look." Adwin spoke as he raised his hand towards Leon.

Leon stood on the other side completely still.

*Cough*

Suddenly he coughed a mouthful of blood as two sharp crimson lines of blood appeared over the steel web armour in a X pattern.

’I couldn’t see anything... Not even my sixth sense could detect it and I am pretty sure that my body is sliced into four parts. It’s good that I activated pain’s recovery in the start of the match and all the wounds are recovering already.

But, I can’t fight that thing... He is too powerful for me. Those invisible blades made out of air went through my body so smoothly that I felt pain two seconds after they went through.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he looked at Ragal.

"Hmm...? So you also have regeneration, that’s good. I didn’t wanted to fight a piece of paper that I can just tear off. Now how many days are you going to take in order to stand up again ?" Ragal asked with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 313: Closing Act for today
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I have to step in... He can’t fight him all alone." Adwin spoke as he picked up his sword and stepped forward.

"Disrespecting the demonic pact circle of a duel will kill you instantly. So stay back and stop trying to be a hero for one minute." Dreulis’ cold voice stopped him in his tracks as he glanced at Adwin.

"Tch... I can’t just sit here and watch him die like that." Adwin replied, his expression grim.

"Then don’t..." Dreulis said calmly. "Close your eyes. He picked the fight after knowing that there is certain death for one of them."

...

"You are one interesting human..." Ragal’s voice carried a strange weight as his sharp gaze locked onto Leon.

"There is something about you that piques my interest. You know full well that you can’t even touch me, yet instead of running away, your eyes are still calculating the angles you could attack me from."

Leon’s breath was uneven.

’He’s too strong... Even the glitch point shows no weakness on his body. One more attack, and I’m sure he’ll kill me.’ Leon clenched his teeth.

’Fine... if it’s already come down to this.’

Without hesitation, he slid his hand into his pocket and tightly grabbed the pocket watch.

"Well then?" Ragal smiled. "Come on, stand up... It’s your turn to attack."

"You’re stronger than me. I’ll admit that."

Leon smiled faintly as he forced himself back onto his feet.

"Hm...?" Ragal tilted his head. "Are you perhaps thinking of surrendering ? Hehehehe."

He chuckled darkly.

’No... I can’t let him get close to me. Watch will not be helpful.’ Leon thought as his eyes swept to the right and that’s when he noticed a wide smile over Enid’s face.

"That’s futile. You already made a demon contract with the demon I’m currently possessing. Either one of us will have to die in order to honour the pact—and I assure you, it won’t be me."

Ragal raised both his hands into the air and let the Bloodhound swords fall to the ground.

*Clang*

"Even if you use all that absurd amount of mana your body is leaking every second... you still won’t be able to kill me."

"I know I can’t kill you..." Leon said calmly as he took his hand out of his pocket. "But I can always run away."

He turned and sprinted straight toward the pact circle’s boundary.

"What!?" Adwin shouted in shock.

"What the fuck?" Gris and Ruben spoke at the same time.

"W-What is Master doing?" Dusk asked anxiously, turning toward Enid. "He knows stepping out of the circle will kill him, right?"

"Master sure does..." Enid replied with a knowing smile, as if she alone understood something no one else did.

"Tch." Dreulis clicked his tongue."Kid turned out to be stupider than I thought."

"You think committing suicide will save you from me?" Ragal snarled as he leapt forward.

"I was summoned to kill you, so I will kill you. No hard feelings human."

But before Ragal could reach him—

Leon stepped out of the pact circle.

"Heheheheh... stupid human." Ragal laughed maniacally as he landed right in front of Leon.

*THUD*

"What the—"

Before Leon could finish, Ragal grabbed him by the neck and lifted him off the ground.

"I don’t even know why I was summoned to kill you." Ragal sneered. "You’re just another idiot trying to die. So—any last words before I squish your head and—"

Suddenly, his grip weakened.

*Thud*

Leon dropped to the ground.

Ragal stared at his own trembling hand.

"W-What is happening to me?" His voice shook as he slowly looked up.

His eyes widened in shock.

Leon was staring down at him... wearing a wide, manic smile.

"W-What d-did you do?" Ragal demanded with a serious expression.

"Any last words?" Leon asked softly, smiling.

"Fuck y—"

BOOOOM.

Ragal’s body exploded into blinding white light.

Leon squinted.

’I didn’t get any experience points.... Is it because the pact circle killed him and not me?’ He thought with a confused expression.

"Well, whatever—" He stopped mid-sentence.

A small blue orb of light hovered where Ragal had vanished.

’What’s this?’

Leon activated his skill.

<Inspect>

---

[Name: Ragal’s Soul Fragment]

[Rank: Unknown]

[Description: Ragal’s soul fragment can be collected using the skill {Soul Collector}.]

---

’Wait... Nexus, can you hear me?’ Leon asked silently.

’I can hear you clearly.’ Nexus’ voice echoed in his mind.

’You see that soul fragment?’

’Oh... a blue one.’ Nexus sounded intrigued.

’You should collect it. I’m sensing a lot of power. If you absorb it, I can use it to strengthen your soul realm.’

’Okay...’

Leon bent down and touched the fragment as he activated his skill.

<Soul Collector>

The blue light vanished instantly.

’I’ve got it.’ Leon waited.

’I’ll get to work immediately.’ Nexus replied.

’Oh—and since you’ve obtained your first soul fragment, the skill {Soul Prison} will be available to use in two hours. Be careful who you use it on. I’ll explain the rest later.’

’Got it.’ Leon thought as he turned around.

Every single person standing behind him was staring at him—faces frozen in shock, confusion, and disbelief.

Leon calmly pulled a white mask from his inventory and placed it over his face. The black steel web armor faded away, concealing his identity once more.

"Where did those demons go?" Leon asked casually, looking at Rees.

"They fled. All of them ran the moment they saw that demon kneeling in front of you, Sir." Rees replied respectfully.

"Well..." Leon smirked beneath the mask. "They are demons after all."

"Sir Michael Jackson..." Adwin stepped forward.

"I have many questions, but I won’t ask them now. I have a demon village to deal with, and after that we will have a lo—"

"Ah, right. That demon village." Leon interrupted.

He turned his head towards dusk.

"Dusk?"

"It’s done, Master." Dusk nodded.

"Very well, gentlemen." Leon raised both hands to his chest and clapped them together.

"Closing act for today. I call it—How I Blew Up a Village Full of Demons." He spoke with a wide smile under his mask.

"Kaboom."

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

Three massive explosions erupted at the far end of the valley.

...

[Level Up!]

[Level Up!]

[Level Up!]

...

[System: Level 50 has been reached.]

[Benefits unlocked.]

[Realm Travel unlocked.]

[Sub-Classes unlocked.]

[Class Change available.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 314: This is what you call politics
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

30 minutes ago...

"No... I will take care of him." Leon spoke as he walked forward and raised his hand.

Enid on the other side locked her hands behind her back and placed her nail right against her finger tightly.

’Come on... I can’t fuck this up, the timing has to be perfect.’ Enid thought with a serious expression.

...

"Good enough." Leon replied with a smile.

Suddenly one of the Nyxter’s blade came flying from the right and made a small cut on his finger.

’Now...’ Enid thought as she also made a sharp cut on her finger using her nail.

*Drop*

*Drop*

Both of their blood drops fell down on the circle but there was just one difference, the demon pact circle started shining brightly red before Leon’s blood even touched it.

"The pact is now sealed. Oh and there is one more thing that I might’ve forget to tell you, the first one to step out of this pact circle will die within ten seconds... Hehehehe." Merlin spoke with a maniacal smile as he thought he had signed the pact with Leon.

Present Time...

Leon is now sitting inside the Royal carriage with Adwin and Dreulis.

"Hmm... I see so he was in pact with the demon girl and that demon didn’t knew about it so according to the rules he was the first one to step out of the circle.

That was a really smart move." Adwin spoke with a wide smile on his face as he looked at Leon.

"Indeed a very intelligent move, even I couldn’t think of that way. But how did you knew that the demon girl has dropped her blood on the pact circle before you ?" Dreulis asked as he looked at Leon.

"Well when I was on the ground injured... I saw everyone’s face and only Enid was smiling, before I could’ve figured out why she was laughing... She flicked her finger and a drop of her blood fell on the ground.

That’s when I understood why she was smiling." Leon replied with a smile.

"So... You gambled your life on just that ?" Adwin asked with a shocked expression.

"Not only that... You also took another gamble when you ran out of the pact circle. How did you know if the demon will follow you out ?" Dreulis asked as he looked at Leon.

"As I have already said... I played a gamble. If i would’ve failed, I would’ve died. As simple as that." Leon replied in a neutral tone.

"A man who doesn’t fear death... You can achieve great things." Dreulis replied.

"Well he is already a king. A really powerful and smart one at that." Adwin replied with a smile.

"Yeah... About that, I am not a king, Adwin." Leon spoke as he looked at Adwin.

"What ?" Adwin asked as his eyes widened in shock.

"Yes. There is no Kingdom named Gotham and I am not a king. That’s all I can tell you about me for now.

I had to make up that lie just to get past your son on the border that day. Your assassin heard it and told you about me." Leon explained.

"And... You didn’t think to tell me the truth during the party or that secret meeting ?" Adwin asked as his voice started to raise.

"Adwin... I lied to you and I am sorry about it. But, you need to keep your voice down." Leon replied as he looked at him with a serious expression.

"I don’t think you have any idea who you are talking to right now. I am the king of this damn kingdom and you dared to make fool out of me ?

I thought you were my friend. Oh my god... I am so disappointed." Adwin spoke as he looked at Leon with an angry expression.

"Two things, with no gesture have I specified that I am your friend and you only invited me to that meeting so that you can have more soldiers to die from you on the battlefield." Leon replied in a calm tone.

"I would do everything in my power to protect my kingdom and it’s people. Creating Alliance with a neighbouring kingdom is called politics." Adwin replied with a serious expression.

"Well... I just saved your kingdom from a demon invasion and you owe me a huge favour. I will ask for it when the time comes." Leon replied with a straight face.

"You think I am afraid of you just cause you killed some demons by gambling on your life ? Give me one reason why should I even consider that as a favour coming from a huge liar like you ?"

"You don’t have to... at last you are a real king and I can’t stop you from playing politics. I also can’t force my will on you. That’s my stop, would you kindly make your carriage driver-"

"STOP THE CARRIAGE." Adwin shouted loudly and the carriage came to halt immediately.

*SCREEEEECH*

Leon stood up from his seat and fixed his suit as he turned to look at Adwin.

"What ?" Adwin asked with a serious expression.

"I killed some demons today, but is it over ? Your son is still fighting demons somewhere, the elfs are always trying to push into the kingdom.

Thousands of soldiers died on an outpost and I have seen the monster that did it. I have fought him and believe me, if he wipes out another force of soldiers... You will have to give some serious explanation to the people of your kingdom because you don’t want them knowing that there is a powerful unknown monster like him lurking in the forest cause if they do, I don’t think they would even want to stay in your kingdom.

In these conditions... You really don’t want to make more enemies, King Adwin. So, you should really take time before saying ’No’ to acknowledging my favour.

Well, I will take my leave now." Leon spoke as his eyes glowed brightly red under his mask and his body leaked bloodlust.

Adwin looked at him with a serious expression and wide eyes, he wasn’t afraid of Leon but he also didn’t have the words to say after that.

He then stepped out of the carriage and before closing the gate, Leon looked at Adwin one last time.

"This is what you call politics, King Adwin. My name is Leon Luster and I don’t like people forgetting my favours." Leon spoke as he removed his mask and closed the carriage’s door.

*THUD*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 315: Let’s Change Classes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Royal carriage is making it’s way towards the Royal Castle and Adwin is sitting dead silent inside with a very angry expression on his face...

Dreulis is sitting directly in front of him looking at Adwin, the flame inside his eyes flickering slowly.

"What happened Adwin ? You haven’t spoken anything since that kid showed you your corner." Dreulis spoke in a mocking tone.

"That little lying bastard. He dared to lie to me in front of all those nobles and then he dared to threaten me while sitting in my own carriage.

I am the king of this fucking kingdom. I have been fighting since that kid was breathing air. He thinks he can scare me with those empty threats." Adwin replied with a serious expression.

"Empty threats ? He just described your current situation to you. He just told you the truth and asked you not to make an enemy out of him.

It’s not like he is not powerful... That kid uses magic that I haven’t even seen in my life before and if you see it logically... He did do you favour when he killed that Merlin demon and blowed up that demon village without letting a single one of your soldier die.

You went to war and returned with zero casualities because of him, so to owe him a favour is not that big of a deal." Dreulis replied.

"When did you started to speak for kids who are born yesterday ?" Adwin asked with a serious expression as he looked at Dreulis.

"He killed one of the finest demon general whose soul was summoned from the place of damned and if it were you in that match, do you have any idea how many chances you had of winning that duel ?" Dreulis asked.

"I would’ve killed the weak demon immediately not giving him any chance to summon Ragal from the-"

"That’s all talk just now... There was no chance you would’ve walked out of that pact circle without being gravely injured and you know that.

He is a strong person and keeping him by your side is not a bad thing. But, keeping him as an enemy is a very bad thing. Because once the hellfire rain downs from above... You will need all shields that you can get." Dreulis replied.

"Haa... Fine, I will think about it." Adwin replied as he calmed down his anger.

"Don’t take too long to think about it... Now, I will be taking my leave." Dreulis spoke as he stood up from his seat.

"Where are you going ? I will send the carriages to personally drop you off to the mage tower." Adwin replied with a confused expression.

"It’s been a while since I am looking at the same magic and making different spells. I guess it’s time for me to go out and study some other magic." Dreulis replied as he raised his wand and slowly tapped it on the carriage’s floor.

Suddenly, A blue magic circle appeared right under his legs.

"You are going to his dungeon, aren’t you ?" Adwin asked as he looked at Dreulis.

"You have problem with that ?" Dreulis asked.

"No... I- Just tell him that ’I owe him one’ and teach him to be less cocky." Adwin spoke with a neutral expression.

"I don’t teach anyone, Adwin. I give advice, it’s your choice if you want to take it or not. Now... I will take my leave."

*Tap*

Dreulis tapped his wand on the magic circle once again and disappeared from the carriage immediately.

*Swish*

...

Inside the Dungeon, First Floor...

Leon entered inside and all the torches on the wall glowed up immediately. He took off his mask only to see Elis standing right in front of him, bowing down.

"Welcome back, Master." Elis spoke in a neutral tone.

"Hello, Elis... Where are the others ? They didn’t come back yet ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"We are here Master." Suddenly Fruela’s sound came from behind as the torches of first floor lit up immediately.

The floor was filled with wooden furniture, shaved wooden logs and tools were lying everywhere.

Wooden cabinets with elegant and royal designs were stacked against the walls along side a huge dinning table with seven wooden chairs that looked magnificent and many other things made out of wood.

In front of them were standing Freula, Dusk, Rees and Enid.

"We Welcome you, Master." All of them spoke at once as they bowed down to Leon.

Leon smiled as he acknowledged their respect.

"Enough bowing down, It’s time to get some plans in order. Rees... You told me about that Voo-Doo magic ones. I need to learn it, we will start in two hours, prepare whatever you want. You understand ?" Leon asked.

"I will prepare the circles and wooden magic dolls immediately, Master." Rees replied as he immediately tapped his wand on the ground and disappeared.

*Swish*

"Fruela... I want you to go on floor number fourteen and torture that guard that Dusk and Enid captured during that party in the Royal Castle.

I am going to come to that floor in one hour and you better have a name for which that motherfucker is working for."

"As you order master." Fruela replied as she immediately turned around and exited the floor.

"Enid... You are going to do whatever you want, I don’t care." Leon spoke as he pointed towards Enid.

"Well I would like you to fuck my pussy, Mast-" Enid started speaking as she opened her bodice and revealed her cleavage to him.

"No. I will do it later." Leon replied with a straight face.

"Aww... Fine, can I grow some devil seeds on the seventh floor ?" Enid asked with a neutral expression.

"What’s that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s a type of demonic plant that-"

"Yeah that’s enough... Elis, give her the enviornment to grow plants on the seventh floor and send her to the floor." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Master." Elis spoke as she immediately snapped her fingers and Enid disappeared from the floor.

"Dusk you can go and sleep." He ordered.

"As you wish, Master." Dusk replied as he also walked down the stairs.

"Good... Now, let’s change my class to Dark Mage... Hehehehe." Leon thought as an evil smirk appeared across his face.

[Author: Regular Updates from tomorrow.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 316: Mother Marie
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Far beyond the jagged Talion Mountains lies a small Kingdom known as the Vergas Empire.

It’s a small, sealed kingdom encircled by colossal black walls with no visible entry gates from any side.

Above the kingdom hovers a megastructure, six massive black rings, nested one inside the other, continuously rotating around a central glowing blue sphere in interlocking circular patterns—each on its own tilted axis, drifting silently in a hypnotic, mechanical dance that never collides.

This structure blocked most of the sunlight from entering inside the kingdom and made it impossible to farm vegetables or other crops grow.

Inside the kingdom, almost all of the houses look similar as they are made out of greyish stones and a red metallic roof.

The houses were all given different numbers on their number plates and they were all built in very clean and recognisable manner.

In the middle of the kingdom right under the blue ball of the megastructure, there was a very huge black church on top of which there was a sign. A vertical eye inside a circle.

On the Church’s gate... Stood a human male and female with an infant in their hands.

"Mother Marie... Please help us. We beg you please save our child." The mother of the child cried out as she laid down on the stairs of the church and extended her arms with her sick child in them.

The child had turned completely blue from some unknown disease and he isn’t moving.

"Mother Marie... PLEASE HELP US." The father of the child shouted loudly as he attracted the attention of every single person who was passing by the church.

...

"What happened to them ?"

"I don’t know... I think their child is sick."

"Why are they here ?"

"Looks like they are calling mother Marie to help their child."

"Why would mother Marie come out for them ?"

"Why aren’t they going to the healers now ?"

...

Everyone started talking about the couple as more and more people gathered up in front of the Church.

...

Inside the Church, upper quaters, Mother Marie’s room...

A woman in her early 40s is standing in front of a big mirror holding a small pendant of the same eye symbol made on the top of the church.

She is wearing a black blindfolded made out of a very soft cloth.

Fair skin flushed pink already. Fat, glossy lips parted, wet and ready to be sucked on at any moment.

She is wearing a long black robe and it’s so tight that it’s choking her monster tits—huge, heavy fuck-pillows trying to spill out of it any chance they get.

Her nipples were also completely visible through the robe. Every breath she took made her boobs jiggle and bounce obscenely.

Her ass was a massive, wobbling slab of pure meat, cheeks so thick and round the silk’s stretched transparent across them, hugging every dimple, every jiggle, every filthy curve. It sticks out like a shelf made for slapping, gripping, pounding.

She was a pure walking sin in form of a woman.

"My lord bless me with your powers to wake you up, once again from the depths of underworld..." Marie spoke as she prayed in front of the mirror.

As soon as Marie said this, dark smoke started rising in the mirror and two glowing red eyes appeared inside the dark smoke.

"There is a couple on your stairs with their dead child in their hands and they are begging you to save him." A deep dark voice resonated from the mirror.

"What would you like me to do my lord ?" Marie asked with a neutral expression.

"I want you to revive that dead child with this..." The voice commanded as a small bottle formed in front of the mirror and it was filled with a glowing green liquid.

"Should I feed this to the child, My lord ?" Marie asked with a smile as she picked up the bottle.

"That child is already dead, this liquid contains the spirit aura from one of my minions... Once you feed it to him, Radams’ soul will take over his body and I will have another slave for myself once he grows up. Hahahaha..." The voice replied as it started laughing loudly.

"As you command, My lord." Marie took the bottle and immediately walked out of the room without saying anything else.

As soon as she walked out of the room, two more nuns completely covered in black gowns greeted her with a slight bow.

"Mother."

"Mother,"

"Eri and keri... I am listening cries for help. Who is it ?" Mother Marie asked with a confused expression.

"Mother... It’s a couple outside the church with a dead child in their hands. They are asking for your help." Eri replied with a hesitated expression.

"I tried to send them away but they are not going away-"

"You don’t send them back from the house of one true lord, Keri." Mother Marie replied with a smile as she started walking towards the Church’s main doors.

"But mother... That child is dead. How can we bring back a dead child ? Even the lord can’t bring back-" Before Keri could’ve completed her sentence, Mother Marie halted her steps and turned around with an angry expression on her face.

"M-Mother... I-I didn’t meant to-" Before she could’ve explained anything. Mother Marie raised her hand towards Keri and suddenly black marks appeared all around her neck.

*Thud*

"M-Mothe- *Cough-Cough*..." She started choking as her face turned red and she immediately fell down to her knees.

"You faith seems to have shaken in Lord baltzaar. Should I remind you how lord ordered me to pick up a pathetic life form like you from the streets ?

How he fed you and turned you into one of his loyal worshipper ? Or should I just kill you and send you to him directly ?"

"I-I a-a-am... S-S-So -rry... M-Mothe -r..." Keri spoke in a choking voice as veins started to pop on her neck.

"I will deal with you later." Mother Marie replied as she retracted her magic and walked out of the Church’s gate.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 317: Mother Marie II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mother Marie stepped out of the church and everyone standing in front of the church immediately bowed down to her in respect.

Even the children walking with their parents bowed down to her without second thoughts.

"Good afternoon everyone..." Marie spoke as she raised both of her hands into the air as if blessing everyone.

"Mo-Mother... Please save my child. Please I beg you..." The father of the child spoke with a desperate expression as he immediately walked upto Mother Marie with his dead child.

"Child... Do you believe in Lord baltzaar ?" Mother Marie asked as she took the child into her own hands.

"We believe in Lord baltzaar, Mother Marie." The child’s mother replied as she joined hands in front of her and started crying loudly.

"W-We do... Mother." His father replied as he went down on his knees once again.

"Very well... I shall put this child on the altar and we shall see if Lord spares his life." Mother Marie spoke as she turned around and entered inside the church once again.

As soon as she entered inside the church, she pulled out the small bottle of green liquid from her pocket and emptied it into the child’s mouth.

The church was filled with long wooden tables and on the Front there was a huge altar with an eye sigil etched into it.

As Mother Marie walked towards the altar... All fourteen nuns that were standing inside the church went down on both of their knees and pressed their foreheads against the ground.

Mother Marie walked upto the altar and placed the child on the Altar.

"Everyone... Please come in. May we pray for this child to Lord baltzaar." Mother Marie spoke in a soft voice and everyone standing on the church’s gate entered inside and took seats on the wooden benches.

Mother’s marie then went down on both of her knees and holded the pendant tightly that she was wearing and started chanting in an ancient language.

"Yoko Alkoiu Trusam Lovelo Hunano Trusam Re Alor Trusam..." As soon as she started chanting the pendant in her hand started glowing brightly.

Suddenly a green light started to glow out of the altar and the infant’s hands started to wiggle.

"Oh my god..."

"Are you seeing that ?"

"I-I am."

"M-My child..." The mother of the child spoke as her tears disappeared and a shocked expression took it’s place.

"UWAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." The kid started crying as it came back to life once again.

"Lord Baltzaar has blessed this child with his kindness and given him another chance at life." Mother Marie spoke as she immediately picked up the child from the Altar and looked at him with a smile.

The child looked back at mother marie as his eyes shined brightly green for a second before returning back to normal.

"There you go..." Mother Marie spoke as she returned the child back to his mother.

"T-Thank you... Mother Marie. I-I don’t know how can I ever repay-"

"Shhhh... Child, you don’t repay the lord. You just stay loyal to him. You understand that ?" Mother Marie asked with a smile.

"I-I will give my life happily for the lord... Mother Marie." Child’s father spoke with a serious expression as he immediately went down on his knees in front of mother Marie.

"Loyalty is what lord asks of you in return for everything he has given to you. I hope you all are not going to disappoint the lord." Mother Marie spoke as she turned around and looked at all the others sitting on the wooden benches.

"NO MOTHER." Everyone spoke in unison as they stood up and pulled out the same eye pendants just like mother Marie was wearing around her neck.

"Good... The lunch will be distributed soon. Get back to your jobs." Mother Marie spoke as she immediately started walking towards her room upstairs.

"Mother..." Suddenly one of the nuns stopped her in the middle of the stairs.

"Hm...? What happened, Yuli ?"

"A word from the human Kingdom has arrived mother."

"Come to my room." Mother Marie spoke as she immediately took the nun to her room.

*Click*

Both of them entered inside the room and mother Marie immediately locked the room as she slowly walked upto Yuli.

"What did she say ?" She asked with a serious expression.

"The Royal Cavalry went out to fight some demons in the duran mountains, Mother...." Yuli spoke with a hesitated voice.

"What ? Did Merlin killed someone important to them ? Or did they found out about the village ?" Mother Marie asked with a serious expression.

"T-That’s the problem... M-Mother..." Yuli spoke as a grim expression appeared over her face and she took a step back.

"Oh for Lord’s sake... Will you just speak up and tell me... What the hell happened ?" Mother Marie shouted in an angry tone.

"S-Sir... Merlin was killed in fierce battle with a human." Yuli spoke as she immediately looked down in fear.

"W-What ? What the hell are you talking about ? How can a demon as powerful as Merlin die from a Human’s hands ?

Was it Adwin the Human kingdom’s king ?" Mother Marie asked with a serious expression.

"N-No mother... It was someone else. The human who defeated the demon was wearing a white mask on his face and he defeated him inside a Demon pact."

"Send the message... I will need everything on that human in two days time." Mother Marie spoke with a serious expression as she looked at Yuli.

"A-As you say... Mother." Yuli replied with scared expression.

"You understood what I just said ?" Mother Marie asked in a low voice as she looked at her.

"Y-Yes... Mother." Yuli replied with a scared expression.

"Then what the hell are you still doing in this room ? Get out and send the MESSAGE." Mother Marie shouted in anger as she pointed towards the gate.

"Y-Y-Y-Yes... M-Mother." The nun replied as she exited the room at once.

"Merlin... You fucking idiot. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." Mother Marie shouted in frustration as she stabbed all of her nails into the wooden table in front of her and broke all of her nails at once.

*tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick-tick*

"What happened child ?" Suddenly the dark smoke rose inside the mirror once again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 318: Dark Summoner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the dimly lit first floor of the dungeon, the air hung heavy with the scent of damp stone and wood.

Leon sat on a big wooden chair with a smirk on his face and a screen floating in front of his face.

"System... I want to change class."

A translucent blue panel shimmered into existence before him.

[Class Change is available!]

[Are you sure you want to change classes?]

[Yes / No]

"Yes," Leon answered without the slightest hesitation.

The moment his confirmation registered, three vivid crimson warning screens exploded into view one after another, each edged in pulsing scarlet light.

[Warning: Changing classes will remove all current class-based skills and reset class progression level to 1. Base HP and MP values will be preserved.]

[Warning: The class change option may be skipped at any time.]

[Warning: Class change can only be performed once per lifetime. Choose with utmost care and all current class related skills will be taken away.]

Leon let out a low whistle, eyebrows lifting as he scanned the aggressively flashing red messages.

"Wow... those are some really big, really angry-looking red screens," he muttered to himself, half-amused.

He read through the warnings again, more slowly this time, letting each word sink in.

"So my level resets to one... but the actual HP and MP I’ve built up stay the same?" A thoughtful gleam entered his eyes. "That means I’ll lose all the level-scaling perks tied to my current class, sure... but honestly? Who cares."

He gave a dry chuckle.

"My so-called ’Alchemist’ class is completely useless to me. I have zero interest in spending my days brewing potions or mixing herbs and I don’t really care about the spells related to this class. So yeah... I’m doing this."

With a decisive flick of his finger, he tapped [Yes].

[Class Change has been initiated...]

[Note: 50 class levels have been forcibly reset!]

[Please select your new class within the time limit: 30 minutes.]

"Time limit?" Leon blinked, the words catching him off guard.

Before he could process it further, a long vertical list unfurled in front of him.

[Swordsman]

[Archer]

[Alchemist]

[Mage]

[Dark Mage]

... [Click for more]

"More...?" he echoed, puzzled. He reached out and tapped the option.

Instantly the screen expanded outward in a dizzying rush, transforming into an enormous, semi-transparent wall of text that stretched far beyond his field of vision. Hundreds—no, thousands—of class names scrolled past in neat columns.

"Fucking hell..." Leon breathed, eyes widening in genuine shock.

Shadow Master.

Mind Flayer.

Necromancer.

Circus Master.

Blood Sovereign.

Abyssal Contractor.

Void Weaver...

These weren’t the safe, beginner-friendly classes handed out at starter villages. These were the real ones. Classes belonging not only to humans, but to every race, every nightmare, every monster this world had ever birthed.

He began scrolling slowly, scanning for names that stood out, drawn to the longer, darker, more evocative titles. For the next twenty-six minutes he read description after description using his fast reading skill, muttering to himself, weighing pros and cons, discarding dozens of tempting options in seconds.

Until only four remained floating prominently in his mind.

[Puppet Master]

[Malice Embodiment]

[Shadow Revenant]

[Dark Summoner]

Each one promised obscene versatility—access to virtually any dark spell tree, just like a high-tier Dark Mage, yet twisted into something far more unique and dangerous.

A sharp chime interrupted his thoughts.

[Warning: Less than 5 minute remaining until class selection window closes.]

[If no choice is made within 4 minutes and 23 seconds, the class change will be canceled and permanently locked with {Alchemist} Class.]

"Fuck—fuck—fuck!" Leon hissed under his breath, pulse spiking.

He stared at the four glowing class panels hovering before him, each accompanied by its neatly formatted description.

[Name: Puppet Master]

[Type: Monster]

[Description: The Puppet Master may summon lifelike human puppets whose appearances can be freely altered to the master’s desire. Their movements and actions are controlled remotely from any distance. Puppets grow stronger alongside their creator and, in turn, amplify the master’s own power.]

[Name: Malice Embodiment]

[Type: Demon]

[Description: An Embodiment of Malice draws strength directly from ambient negative mana, channeling it to reinforce the body and unleash devastating forbidden spells without suffering the usual backlash or penalties. Exceptionally powerful in environments saturated with malevolent energy like negative mana. Severely weakened in areas dominated by neutral or positive mana.]

[Name: Shadow Revenant]

[Type: Undead]

[Description: Shadow Revenant is one of the rare classes that no ordinary undead can achieve. Shadow Revenants are excellent in using dark or shadow related magic. They can control shadows to their will but without any shadow around to help them they become utterly uselss.]

[Name: Dark summoner]

[Type: Unknown]

[Description: Dark summoner is one of the most gruesome and powerful class, as one can use it’s powers to summon beings powerful enough to destroy kingdoms with just a flick of their fingers from the depths of the darkest purgatory.

But, everything comes with a cost.]

"Fucking hell... I am so confused. Which one of them should I pick ?" Leon asked as he placed both of his hands over his head and started thinking deeply.

[Warning: Less than 59 seconds left. Please select the clas or-]

Leon dismissed the warning immediately and closed his eyes as he started thinking carefully.

’Puppet Master seems like a perfect choice as I can summon puppets and make them look like anyone I want. It can help me in the politics but that is not enough.

Malice Embodiment is also a good class... But taking it will be stupidity. Negative mana can only be found in gruesome places and it’s weak without it. So that’s a no go for me.

Shadow Revenant is a powerful class but I don’t want my powers completely to be dependent on shadows and I don’t want that.

That only leaves me with one class... It doesn’t say much about the class but this description sure looks creepy. I really hope I am not making a mistake here.’ Leon thought as he opened his eyes and clicked on the last option without thinking much.

[Class change has been confirmed.]

[Estimated Time : 5:59:59]

...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 319: More or Less
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"...ter."

"...aster ?"

"Hmm...?" Leon slowly opened his eyes only to notice dusk and Freula standing in front of them with confused expressions.

"What happened ?" He asked with a confused expression.

"Umm... You were floating in the air for like two hours when I came to the first floor, Master. I was calling out to you since then." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"Master... are you alright ?" Fruela asked with a worried expression.

"Yeah... I need a glass of water." Leon spoke as he felt weakness in his body.

’Status...’

__________________________________

[Name: Leon Luster]

[Class: Dark Summoner]

[Race: Human (80%)]

[Level: 1]

[Mana: 15000/15000]

[HP: 5000/5000]

Skills:

[Skill Crafter (D)], [Inspect (A)], [Adaptive Body (SSS)], [Minor Healing (D3)], [Trap (D)], [Inventory (D6)], [Blind Spot (D)],

[Touch of Lust (D4)], [Loose Grip (D)], [Adrenaline Rush (D)], [Lustful Thoughts (D)], [Glitch Point (D)], [Reverberate (D1)], [Mana Thread (D)], [Life Steal (D)], [Leeching Aura (D)], [Mana Return (D)]

[Efficient Breathing (D)], [Core Bonding (D)], [Dungeon Master (D)], [Silent Steps (D)], [Blast Seal (D)], [Focused Reading (D)], [Data Manager (D)], [Mimic (D)], [Bluff (D)], [Lust Bite (D)], [Pain’s Recovery (D)] [Compass of Heart (D)] [Multi-Cast(D)] [Instant Kill(D)] [Feather Weight (D)] [Sixth Sense (D)] +8 skills {+3 New skills}.

Titles:

{Dungeon Master}

{Goblin Slayer}

{Favour Of Fairies}

___________________________________

’What the fuck ? Why does it say 80% in front of my race ? And why is my head hurting so much ? It’s like someone is pinning needles in it.’ Leon thought with a confused expression as he sat down on the wooden chair and grabbed his head tightly.

"Master... Here." Fruela spoke as she passed a big wooden glass full of water to Leon.

*Gulp-Gulp-Gulp*

Without wasting another second, Leon drank the whole thing and tossed the glass aside.

"Would you like another glass master ?" Fruela asked with a worried expression.

"No... All of you get out of here for now." Leon commanded in a heavy voice as his eyes started shining brightly red.

"Yes, Master."

"As you command, Master."

...

Both of them immediately left the floor as soon as they heard Leon.

"What the hell is happening to me...? Why am I feeling so angry and irritated ?" Leon thought with a confused expression as he immediately stood up from the chair and walked upto the wall.

He raised his hand, made it into a punch and striked the wall with full power.

*BOOOOOM*

As soon as Leon removed his hand from the wall, he noticed blood flowing out of his knuckles but he didn’t pay any attention to it.

But when his eyes fall on the spot where he had punched, he noticed a large imprint of his knuckle and huge cracks spreading across the whole wall.

"What in the fucking hell ?" Leon spoke with a shocked expression as he stepped back from the wall.

<Sixth Sense>

Suddenly, Leon felt something behind him and he immediately turned around without wasting another second.

’I definitely felt someone’s presence behind me... I can still feel it.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he immediately opened his inventory and pulled out the Nyxter.

<Sixth Sense>

He again felt someone’s presence behind him and without wasting another second turned around.

’What the fuck-!?’

<Glitch Point>

As soon as he activated glitch point, a black cloud like thing appeared in the corner.

*Swish*

Leon pulled the Nyxter out of it’s sheath and pointed it towards the upper west corner of the room, where the black figure was standing.

"You can see me ?" The black figure spoke in a deep and amused voice.

<Inspect>

[Name: Dreulis]

[Class: Lich]

[Race: Undead]

[Level: 399]

[HP: -/-]

[MP: -/-]

[Description: Dreulis turned into a lich after being betrayed by his beloved wife and her lover. On the verge of death, he made a contract with an unknown god in exchange for forbidden knowledge and an unknown favor.]

"Dreulis... The Lich." Leon spoke as his eyes glowed brightly red and bloodlust flowed out of his body uncontrollably.

"You know my name as well ?" Dreulis spoke as he immediately banged his wand against the ground and revealed himself.

"I don’t really like it when things enter inside my dungeon without my permission." Leon spoke as his bloodlust continued to increase.

"Calm down... Mr. Michael. I am not your enemy." Dreulis replied as he started walking towards Leon.

"Then what the hell are you doing in my dungeon ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he controlled his bloodlust.

"I was hoping to make a deal with you... Only if you can turn your sword down." Dreulis spoke as he stopped exactly one feet away from him.

’Hmm... He is not emitting any bloodlust and I am pretty sure if he wanted to attack me, he would’ve done it by now.’ Leon thought as he slowly lowered his blade and placed it back into the sheath.

*Swish*

As soon as he placed the Nyxter into it’s sheath, Rees appeared right next to Leon.

"Hmm... as I sensed, it’s you." He spoke in a serious tone as he looked at Dreulis.

The flames in their eyes glowed brightly as they looked at each other.

"How do you guys even sense each other ? Do you have some kind of-"

"Death." Dreulis spoke as he continued to look at Rees.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at them with confused expression.

"The more a lich kills the more his presence becomes stronger... It’s like a predator’s instincts when he sees another predator, he walks away without engaging in battle.

But lichs are very intelligent creatures so we don’t run away from each other, in fact you will barely ever seen two lichs fighting each other in real world.

Name is Dreulis... We didn’t meet properly last time Mister ?" Dreulis spoke as he raised his hand towards Rees.

"Rees..." Rees answered as he shaked his hand back.

"You know... I have killed a few thousands of humans myself but your presence is so overwhelming in front of me that I just can’t help but get curious. How many have you actually killed Mr. Rees ?" Dreulis asked.

"Five hundred thousand more or less..." Rees replied in a neutral tone.

Leon’s eye widened with surprise as soon as he heard it.

"What the fuck ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 320: Who needs a blade ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Rees... You have killed over five hundred thousand humans ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at him.

"Yes, Sir... But I will be more comfortable to tell you this in private." Rees spoke as he looked at Leon.

"I am not interested in knowing it anyways. I just wanted to purpose a deal to your dungeon master, Mr. Michael Jackson." Dreulis spoke with a neutral tone.

"What type of deal ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Dreulis.

"I was thinking of teaching you some magical spells that you can use in a real fight instead of just running away while fighting... Are you interested ?" Dreulis asked.

"In return ?" Leon asked with a suspicious expression.

"In return maybe you can help me increase my knowledge of magic." Dreulis replied.

"Increase your magic ? How ?"

"By letting him see your spells." Rees cut in between.

"So you have also noticed it... Don’t you ? Hehehe." Dreulis asked as he looked at Rees and chuckled.

"Master... He just wants to do the same thing that I was asking you from the moment we met. He wants to understand your magic and write it down in his grimoire." Rees explained.

"Well... I wonder if you haven’t done it already ?" Dreulis asked.

"No... I lost a bet and now I can’t ask questions." Rees replied.

"Why do you guys even want to study my magic ?" Leon asked with a smile as he went back to the wooden chair and sat down.

"We are lichs... We became undead in order to gain knowledge and you have lots of it, I can feel it." Dreulis replied.

"Yeah don’t fall for that feeling... The more questions you ask this man, the more confused you will become. " Rees replied as he looked at Dreulis.

"Hmm...? Those words are the first I have ever listened from a lich’s mouth and believe me, I am even more excited now. So, do you accept the deal, Mr. Michael Jackson ?" Dreulis asked.

"Let me think... One two three... I think it’s zero..." Leon spoke in a low voice.

"What’s zero ?" Dreulis asked in a confused tone.

"The fucks I give about learning new spells from you." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Dreulis.

"Wow... Hahahahaha... I am pretty sure you never heard those words from a Human’s mouth too. Hahahaha." Rees spoke as he laughed loudly and mocked Dreulis with his words.

"Is there something you want to change in the deal ? It’s negotiable." Dreulis replied as he tapped his wand on the floor and a wooden chair that was sitting in one of the room’s corner came sliding under him as he sat down on it.

"I don’t really want anything..." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Dreulis.

"Oh everyone wants something Mr. Michael... Power, Money, knowledge or Status. It’s just either you don’t know what you want or you just don’t want me to know the secrets of your spells.

So... Which one is it ?"

"Back when I was in the library... I readed this book called ’Magic research and spell Evaluation’, do you know how a mage conducts research on a spell ?

By casting it repeatedly and analyzing it’s mana pattern changes... Now you are purposing a deal in which you want to teach me some third class bullshit spell just so you can observe my mana patterns, isn’t that right ?" Leon asked with a smirk.

"Fine then... I will offer you something that you won’t be able to decline."

[Note: Base skill set for class {Dark Summoner} has been given.]

[Name: Summons of Darkness]

[Rank: unknown]

[Description: In order to use the skill Summons of Darkness, user will have to sacrifice mana cores, corpses or Ketons. Once sufficient sacrifices are done, gates of hell will open and a summon will crawl out.

Summoned creatures die once they are killed in the outside world and can’t be re-summoned.]

[Note: The bigger the Sacrifice, greater the strength of your Summon.]

[Mana: none]

[Cooldown: none]

’Hmm... A spell that works with a sacrifice and not mana. What the fuck is Ketons ?’ Leon thought with a confused expression as he continued to stare at the description screen.

"Umm... Are you looking at this ?" Dreulis asked as he showed a dark red blade to Leon.

"Hmm...? What’s this ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he immediately used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Hellfire Blade]

[Rank: D]

[Description: A special blade forge in the fire of demonic furnaces and sharpened under high pressure to create a very sharp edge that can cut through air itself.

This blade is enchanted with a series of ancient demonic scriptures that allows it to harness the powers of hellfire itself, cutting through your enemies instantly. When scriptures are activated, Hellfire Blade’s Edge will get sharpened by 35% and everytime it deals damage to the opponent a burning effect will be given dealing 800 damage over ten seconds can be stacked upto a hundred times.]

"I call it Hellfire Blade. It’s a very rare blade forged in the demon kingdom. Used to be the main weapon of an infamous demon but I traded it from him in exchange for something else.

Let me tell you about it’s specialities, this blade can inflict-"

"Burning damage to it’s opponents and kills them overtime. I don’t want it. I have my own weapon." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Amazing... Did you figured all that out just by looking at this blade or did you use some kind of skill to extract information on this ?" Dreulis asked with a curious expression.

"I don’t want it... Dreulis." Leon spoke as he looked at Dreulis dead in the eyes.

"Hmm... Fine, if you don’t want the blade. I will give you something else..." Dreulis spoke as the blade disappeared from his hand and he started to search for something else inside his robe.

’Show me the skill...’

[Name: Rotten Ground ]

[Rank: Unknown]

[Description: As soon as the skill is used on a target, an invisible puddle is created on the ground underneath them in a ten meter radius. As soon as the enemy makes a movement, demonic hands will crawl out of the puddle and restrain your opponent’s movement by 20% at start.

If he continued to move... restrain limits will be pushed by 20% everytime until the opponent is unable to move.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 321: What the hell is even that ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How about a skill that can shoot thousands of fireball at your target ?" Dreulis asked as he showed a skill page to Leon.

"Hmm... That’s intresting, but I don’t want it." Leon replied with a smile.

’Why would I want it ? When I can just create it for free.’ Leon thought as he continued to read the screen floating in front of him.

[Name: Summoner’s Pocket]

[Rank: Unknown]

[Description: Summoner’s Pocket is a dimensional space in which summoned creatures can be stored until the summoner wishes. Summoner’s Pocket can store upto 100 summoned creatures.]

[Creatures Stored 0/100]

’Now that’s what I call good skills... Who wants to be an alchemist when I can summon creatures from hell ?’ Leon thought with a smile as he dismissed the screen in front of him and looked at Dreulis.

"Here... Look at this artifact. This is a Dragon’s tooth, they are considered very lucky and if you keep this with you-"

"Dreulis... Are you a lich or some kind of street seller ? Give me something that I want, not some lucky charm dog-shit crap." Leon replied as he stood up from the chair.

"I have literally shown you everything I own in past thirty minutes and you have turned down everything, I showed you thirty two different skills that you can use in a combat you turned them down, I showed you thirteen majestic weapons... You turned them down.

I showed you fourty artifacts... fourty magical artifacts. Do you have any idea what those adventurers would do for these fourty artifacts ?

It’s as if you don’t even want to make a deal in the first place. Am I just wasting my time, Mr. Michael ?" Dreulis asked as he also stood up from his chair.

"No you are not... I have something in my mind that you can give me and In return I will give you something." Leon replied with a smile.

"What is it ?"

"You got any mana core ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Mana core ? Yeah, I have a few..." Dreulis replied in a confused tone.

"How many ?"

"I think I have five D-ranked ones, three C-ranked and one A-ranked mana core from a dragon." Dreulis replied.

"I will take all of them and let you observe the mana pattern of one of my spell." Leon replied with a smile.

"Not possible... I will give you three D-ranked ones for observing one spell and you will cast it as many times as I want." Dreulis replied.

"All five D-ranked ones and two C-ranked ones. I will show you a very interesting spell." Leon replied with a smile.

"How intresting ?" Dreulis asked with a confused expression.

"Intresting enough..." Leon replied with a smile.

"Fine... But, If I didn’t find the spell upto my standards, you will owe me two C-ranked and five D-ranked mana cores." Dreulis replied as he gave the glowing cores to Leon.

The C-ranked cores were roughly shaped like cylinder and glowed brightly orange. Meanwhile the D-ranked cored were a little yellowish brown and glowed slightly orange.

’Well... Let’s see how good of a summoner I am.’ Leon thought as he immediately walked away from Dreulis and Rees.

He grabbed all the cores in his hands and activated the skill.

<Summons Of Darkness>

As soon as he used the skill, all the mana cores disappeared from his hand and an odd silence covered the room.

"What’s happening ?" Rees asked in a serious tone as he sensed something was wrong.

"Something is not right... What did you do with those cores, kid ?" Dreulis asked as he immediately felt malicious energy covering the whole room.

Suddenly, a large black line appeared in front of Leon on the ground.

*Crack-Crack-Crack-Crack*

"What is this kid doing ?" Dreulis asked as he raised his voice.

"I-I don’t know... But, I don’t think it’s out of master’s control." Rees replied as he noticed the smile on Leon’s face.

"Woah... So this is hell ?" Leon asked as he looked inside the crack and noticed thousands of burning hands trying to stop a small creature that was crawling towards the crack with full speed.

*Thud-Thud*

It stuck it’s claws out of the crack and climbed out.

*THUD*

As soon as he crawled out of the crack, it closed with a loud sound.

The creature stood no taller than a child’s knee, its body thin and crooked like something that had grown wrong.

Its skin was a deep crimson, stretched tightly over sharp bones, with faint black veins pulsing beneath the surface as if heat flowed through them.

Two short, jagged horns curled from its forehead, chipped and uneven. Its head was slightly too large for its body, giving it a disturbing, almost goblin-like silhouette.

Its eyes were the most unsettling part—large, glowing yellow with slit pupils, constantly darting around with malicious intelligence. When it blinked, a thin black membrane slid over the eyes like a reptile’s.

A wide mouth split its face, filled with tiny needle-like teeth. When it grinned, which it did often, the smile stretched unnaturally far toward its pointed ears.

From its back sprouted tattered bat-like wings, leathery and dark, barely large enough to lift its body. They twitched constantly, as if the creature could never sit still.

Behind it flicked a thin, spade-tipped tail, curling and uncurling like a snake.

Its fingers were long and clawed, black nails clicking softly whenever it touched the ground.

And despite its small size, the creature carried a faint smell of smoke, sulfur, and burnt flesh, as though it had crawled straight out of a furnace deep in Hell.

<Inspect>

[Name: None]

[Race: Hell Imp]

[Class: Lesser Demon]

[HP: 12000/12000]

[MP: 2500/2500]

[Description: A Hell Imp is a small but cunning demon born in the lower layers of Hell.

Despite their weak physical strength, they possess high intelligence and a natural affinity for dark magic.

Hell Imps are mischievous and cruel creatures that enjoy tormenting weaker beings.

They are often used by stronger demons as servants, scouts, or messengers due to their small size and ability to fly very long distances in a short time.

They fly silently and their presence are also very hard to notice, making them perfect spies.

When bound by a summoner, a Hell Imp becomes a loyal servant and will obey commands.]

"What the hell is that ?" Dreulis asked in a confused tone as he looked at the imp curiously.

"I-I don’t know... Maybe some kind of demon." Rees replied.

"I haven’t seen a demon like that anywhere."

The imp turned around to look at Leon and immediately went down on his knees.

"Master." He spoke in a low voice.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 322 322: Umm... Are you serious ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Stand up..." Leon ordered as he looked at the Imp.

"Yes, Master." The imp replied as he stood up from his knees and looked at him.

"Can you fly ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Yes Master..." The imp replied as it immediately started to flip it's wings and started floating in the air.

'Hmm... His wings are making no sound, he can make a very good spy but after sacrificing such expensive cores, I only summoned only a single imp ?

Looks like this skill really needs big sacrifices to  summon a powerful creature.' Leon thought in his mind.

"I-I didn't understand... Is this a familiar of yours now ? Did you just summoned a demon as your familiar ?" Dreulis asked in a confused and curious tone.

"He is more of a servant demon... I wouldn't call it a familiar." Leon replied with a smile as he looked at Dreulis.

"A servant ? You are saying this demon is not bound to any contract but he will still follow your orders ? Isn't that just a bunch of non-sense ?" Dreulis asked in a confused tone.

"Well you can see it for yourself... Oi, start flying in circles and don't stop until I say so." Leon ordered as he looked at the imp.

"Yes, master." The imp immediately started to fly in circles.

"I-Impossible... W-What was that skill ? How did you even use it as an alchemist ? No, the main question should be how did you even opened the " Dreulis asked.

"You gave me the cores and I showed you something interesting... That was our deal wasn't it ?" Leon asked with a smile as he looked at Dreulis.

"I need to look at that spell's mana patterns." Dreulis spoke as he immediately tapped his wand on the ground and suddenly all the torches got blown away.

Total darkness covered the room.

<Adaptive Body>

Leon's eyes automatically turned into a cat's eyes, turning his vision back to normal even in the dark.

"Almatari Treasa Bilyuk... Elpoiyo." As soon as he finished his hundreds of blue magical circle appeared on the ground where Leon had just opened the gate of hell.

"What the-" Rees spoke in a shocked voice as he also walked upto Dreulis and both of them started to stare at the circles.

"Hmm...?" Leon thought with a confused expression as he walked upto them and looked at the magic circles.

But the incantations written in the circles were unreadable and they were constantly changing.

"How is this even possible ?" Dreulis asked in a serious tone.

"It's Urlops, right ?" Rees asked.

"Yes... But, not the first form. It's a third level spell with complex mana patterns... this skill will need so much focus and hours of continuous incantations to cast it ones.

He opened it in seconds with just a bunch of mana crystals... Who the hell even are you ?" Dreulis asked as both of them turned around to look at Leon on the same time.

"What ?"

"Okay... I have decided, I will be living here from this moment forward." Dreulis replied in a neutral tone as he looked at Leon.

"Well... Thanks for asking but I don't keep old lichs in my dungeon for free. Ask Rees if you want." Leon replied with a smile as he pointed towards Rees.

"I won't be staying for free... I will give you my grimoire as a payment. Here..." Dreulis spoke as he pulled out a thick old book out of thin air and shoved it towards Leon.

"A book ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Not a simple book, Sir... It's everything a lich has ever researched upon in his whole life, every spell, every potion and every type of creature.

A lich would rather trade his necroheart then to giveaway his grimoire." Rees explained.

"I see and you are trading such precious thing just to stay in a dungeon ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Dreulis.

"Knowledge is nothing if it's limited and everything I studied about magic is inside that grimoire, but the spell that you just casted has got me more interested in you then everything I have ever studied and that's kind of the only thing I have left on me to trade for knowledge right now, so yeah.

I think you are going to be a worthwhile investment, Mr. Michael and don't worry about betrayal or anything from me. I don't convey information from one place to another." Dreulis replied in a calm tone.

"Yeah and why should I believe that ? You just handed over your life's work to me just so I will let you stay with me." Leon asked with a smile.

"Oh my... A man with so many trust issues, fine fine here..." Dreulis replied as he summoned a piece of paper from thin air and handed it over to Leon.

"What's this ?" Leon asked as he looked at the piece of paper and suddenly his eyes widened in shock.

"Woah... Is that- Are you insane ? You are really going to do this ?" Rees asked in loud voice as he looked at Dreulis.

"Anything for knowledge my friend... Anything for knowledge. Sign it once you have readed it all... Specially the time period terms below.

I will go ahead and choose my floor." Dreulis spoke as he immediately walked down from the first floor.

The words written over the piece of paper in a blood red colour were, {SLAVE CONTRACT}.

"Wait... There are some terms and conditions..."

-------------------------------------

Terms and conditions,

[• Dreulis the lich will not in any way harm it's master or betray him.]

[• Dreulis the lich will have free will of his own in casting spells to save himself and his benefactors.]

[• Master of the contract can only order Dreulis to cast a total of seven forceful spells, but if all seven spells were used before the contract completion date, the contract will expire.]

[• Slave contract is only valid for 7 months.]

[• Master can't force Dreulis to kill someone unless both of them agree to do the same.]

-------------------------------------------

"He really made a very smart contract." Leon replied with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 323: I need some action
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

First Floor...

Leon is sitting alone on a wooden chair and he is staring at the demonic imp floating in front of him.

"Hmm... So you can only cast three spells ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"Yes master. The first spell is short distance teleportation.... I can demonstrate if you want." The imp asked.

"Sure... Go ahead." He replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes, Master." The imp immediately clapped his hands together and turned into a *puff* of white smoke.

"Here... sir." The imp spoke, his voice ringing from behind.

As soon as Leon turned around he noticed that the imp was now floating ten meters behind him.

"Okay... Is that the max distance you can teleport to ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, Master. But I can only do it three times in a row before it goes on a cooldown of five minutes." The imp replied as he slightly nodded his head.

"Show me the next spell..." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes, Sir...." The imp replied as he clapped his hands together once again and suddenly, four more imps that looked just like him emerged out of his body and started floating right besides him.

"Are those real ? Or just after images ?" Leon asked with a smile as he stood up from his chair.

"Yes and No... Master. They are a cheap copy of myself, they can touch things and follow my orders but as soon as they touch magic, they..." The imp started speaking as he made his hand into a punch and punched one of it’s clone with full power.

*Thud*

*Puff*

The clone immediately turned into a white cloud and disappeared.

"... Just disappear. I can cast this spell once every hour." The imp replied.

"What’s the third spell ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"It’s one of the most useful skill I have, master." The imp replied as it immediately flew down to the ground and touched it with his tiny hand.

As soon as he touched the dungeon’s floor... His hand started to turn into stone as well and in just a short time, his whole body turned into stone.

"You can absorb the properties of different matter and change your own structure using it." Leon spoke with a smile.

’That’s a very overpowered skill... I have to keep in mind not to let this imp die.’ Leon thought with a smile.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill on the imp.

<Mimic>

[Target has been found{Hellfire Imp}]

[Searching for best skills in {Hellfire Imp}....]

[Search Completed!!!]

[Starting to copy...10%>>>40%>>>95%>>100%]

[Skill {Material Assimilation} has been placed inside slot no.1. One slot remaining.]

[Note: Copied skills can be used three times before they are deleted.]

’Hmm... This is good. Now I can mimic two skills at the same time and use them three times. The rank up of this skill really made it powerful to be used in a real battle.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he immediately pulled Nyxter out of his inventory and unsheathed it.

He then slowly touched one of it’s blade and used the skill...

<Mimic: Material Assimilation>

As soon as Leon activated the skill, he felt a tingling sensation in his fingers tips and in just a few seconds, his fingers started to turn completely black.

First his hand... then shoulder and in just a little bit of time, his whole skin turned into the same material that the nyxter was made out of.

Leon placed the Nyxter back into his inventory and touched his left hand with his right hand.

’Hmm... My touching senses are still there but it’s not similar to skin, it’s like I am wearing a very thick glove made out of metal and touching things with it.’ He thought with a neutral expression.

Leon then turned towards the wall and immediately made his palm into a fist.

He then pulled his hand back and threw a punch at the wall with full power.

*THUDDDD*

*CRACKKKKKKK*

*Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud-Thud*

Suddenly huge cracks appeared over the dungeon wall and large stones started dropping on the floor.

*Swish*

"Master... The dungeon is facing-" Before Elis could’ve completed her sentence, she noticed Leon standing near the wall.

"Don’t worry Elis... Just fix it." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he noticed his original skin coming back.

’Hmm... Around thirty seconds. That’s good enough.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Master... I can’t fix it, I don’t have enough mana." Elis replied as she immediately bowed down to Leon.

"Ah... Right. It’s been a while since you consumed mana." Leon replied as he walked upto the wooden chair and sat down.

"Here... You go, Darling. Take as much as you want..." Leon replied as he gave his to Elis.

"Yes, master." Elis replied as she slowly grabbed his hand and started sucking his mana out.

As Leon looked to the side he noticed the imp flying right next to him with a curious expression on his face as if it’s waiting for some kind of orders.

"Ah... Right you." Leon spoke as he immediately activated his skill.

<Summoner’s Pocket>

[Would you like to store {Hellfire Imp} inside the Pocket ?] [Yes/No ?]

Without wasting another second, He selected ’Yes’.

*Puff*

The Hellfire Imp immediately disappeared into thin air and another screen popped up in front of Leon.

[Summoner’s Pocket: 1/100]

’Well... Isn’t this a convenient skill. It’s kind of similar to that pakemon thingy I used to read in mangas.’ Leon thought with a smile.

’Wait... There was one more thing that came with class change. What was that...’ Leon thought as he tried to remember the words.

"Re-Real... Realm Travel, was it ?" He spoke in a low voice.

As soon as those words left his mouth, another screen popped up in front of his face but unlike any other screens this one glowed brightly golden.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

{REALM TRAVEL}

[NOTE: Travelling through realms to search for treasures can be deadly dangerous and equally rewarding.]

[Realms Available - 0]

[Realm Traveller - Broken]

[Ruvia’s Crystal - Not Found]

[Quest will be assigned shortly !!!]

--------------------------------------------------------------------

[System Quest: Find and Fix]

[Rank: S]

[Description: Thousands of years ago, many realms were connected together, they shared knowledge and love with each other, but due to a sudden betrayal of {Drox Voldian Kolins - Fourth Demon king of Armia}, the Realm Traveller broke.

Drox broke it so he can rule the whole realm by himself but he was shortly killed by some gods, yet the traveller was never fixed.]

[Note: There are more than one approach to complete this quest, select one to proceed.]

[First way: Find the Realm Traveller and Fix it with the help of Ruvia’s Crystal. Opening the gates of other realms to your realm once again and bringing peace amongst the realms.]

[Second way: Find the Realm Traveller and Fix it with the help of Ruvia’s Crystal. Move the traveller to your dungeon and use it for personal use without revealing it’s existence to anyone.]

"Ohh... An S-rank System Quest. This is interesting. There are two approaches to do it and since I am not a very charity type guy... I will just select the second approach.

If I am going to find it and fix it... I would use it for personal use, why would I give to everyone ? And it’s not like finding it would be a fucking piece of cake. It’s an s-rank quest." Leon spoke in a low voice as he closed the window immediately and a smile appeared over his face.

"Haah... I need to have sex so bad. My dick hasn’t seen any action for sometime."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 324: Mother Carrie
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Human Kingdom’s Church...

Inside the praying hall, hundreds of families are sitting on large wooden benches, their eyes closed and hands joint in worship, as an elder nun on the front pedestal readed something from an old book.

The environment was very calm and silent, a flowery smell covered the air and sunlight was shining through the church’s glasses.

"... Shall this pure mana guide you through the world and give you power to fight the evil. Vernen." The elder nun spoke as she closed her eyes and joint her hands as well.

"Vernen." Everyone sitting inside the huge hall spoke in calm voice and unison.

"That’s it for today... May the lord bless you all with happiness and prosperity. Dear followers... Tommorow is a special day for us as it’s the ’Hulonion Festival’, we would like you to join us tomorrow in morning prayers as well and please try to bring your children as well if possible.

Those who bring their children to the church tomorrow will be given access to the special feast that we are holding. Thank you." The elder nun spoke as she immediately stepped down from the pedestal.

As soon as the prayers ended everyone calmly started walking out of the prayer room and towards the Church’s exit.

....

Dinning Hall,

All the nuns are sitting patiently on their chairs and waiting for someone.

"Is the prayer still going on ?" A blonde nun who was sitting on the far left asked in alow voice as her eyes were completely focused on the food and her mouth was watering.

"Shut up... You are a nun now, sister Terisa. Don’t act like kids and don’t drool over your food." The nun sitting next to her spoke in a strict voice.

"But-" before Terisa could’ve completed her sentence, the hall’s gates opened up and the elder nun entered inside the room with a young and very curvy nun assisting her in walking.

*Click*

*Thud*

All the nuns immediately stood up from their places and bowed down to the elder nun.

"Mother Carrie." All of them spoke in unison.

"You should’ve started without me. You have duties to do unlike me who is going to lay on a bed useless for the rest of the day." Mother Carrie replied with a disappointed expression as she walked upto the biggest chair on the far right of the dinning table and sat down with the help of the curvy nun.

"Sit down everyone." Mother Carrie replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes, Mother." All of the nuns immediately sat down and grabbed each other’s hands tightly.

"Who’s turn is it today ?" Carrie asked with a smile.

"Mother... It’s my turn... It’s my turn." Terisa spoke with a very excited expression, almost ready to jump out of her chair.

"Oh... Terisa," Mother carrie spoke as the smile on her face disappeared immediately and an annoyed expression appeared but she forced back the smile once again, " ...very well then. Go on and say the prayer."

"Yes... May God bless us and thank you for giving us food. Vernen." Terisa spoke as she immediately picked up her fork and started eating.

"What ? That’s it ?"

"Oh my god..."

"Obviously it’s Terisa."

"Okay okay everyone calm down and just eat your food." Mother carrie replied as she also started eating her soup.

"Mother... The numbers were lesser today." The curvy nun spoke with a neutral expression.

"How many ?" Carrie asked with a serious expression.

"Around ten people from last time. Three couples and four adventurers."

"Hmm... This is becoming a big issue. Did anyone of them tell you why they stopped coming, sister Miola ?"

"I tried to come in contact with some of them but all three couples have already left the kingdom and the three adventurers didn’t even talk to me. They ignored me completely."

"What about the remaining one ?" Mother Carrie asked with a serious expression.

"I talked to the remaining adventurer and he was very afraid, he said something about god being dead and that demons will rule everything.

Then he just ran away from me. I tried to chase him for a few meters but he was running really fast." Miola replied with a neutral expression.

"I see... Marie is on it again." Mother Carrie spoke in a low voice as she lowered her head in disappointment.

"Hey... Hey... Who is Marie ?" Terisa asked with asked to the nun who was sitting right next to her.

"She is mother Carrie’s sister... It is said that she made a deal with a very vicious demon and sold her soul to him just so she can remain young forever and now she works for him.

Her followers occasionally slip into our kingdom and try to poach our followers by offering them favours." The nun explained with a serious expression on her face.

"Favour ? What kind of favours ?" Terisa asked with an utterly confused expression.

"Are you stupid ? Evil favours... Like they will cure your child but you have to sell your soul to that demon but we have never caught anyone.

No one talks about the favours or the ones who they recieved it from."

"So... It’s just a myth ?" She asked.

"Well... I-I-"

"It’s not a myth... I have seen Marie, she is the walking sin of lust. Any man who sees her becomes bewitched immediately. No matter how strong of a will you have, no matter how high command you hold over your carnal desires... You will fall for her trap and if you did, your soul will be hers to sell to the demon.

She is an embodiment of evil on this holy land and it’s our job to keep our people safe from her dark hands. Do you all understand ?" Mother carrie asked with a serious expression.

"We understand, Mother." All the nuns spoke at the same time.

"Good... I am done. I will be leaving now, prepare for tomorrow’s feast once you are done eating, I will prepare for the speech." Mother Carrie spoke as she immediately stood up from the table.

"I will help you... Mother." Miola spoke as she immediately stood up and helped her get out of the hall.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 325: I can’t hold it anymore
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Blink. Blink.*

"Hmm...?"

Leon’s eyes cracked open slowly. The world around him was still — a vast, quiet mountain base stretching endlessly into the pale mist. And standing right before him, with that infuriatingly calm smile plastered across his face, was the White Fox.

"Well..." the Fox tilted his head, amber eyes gleaming with something between amusement and curiosity. "Meeting you face to face is something, isn’t it?"

"White Fox." Leon’s voice came out low and flat as he pushed himself to his feet, brushing nothing off his sleeves out of habit.

"...What do I owe the pleasure? You’re interrupting what could’ve been a perfectly good dream. Naked girls with big boobs don’t visit on their own, you know."

White Fox let out a short laugh, shaking his head. "You’re one lust-filled kid. But hey —" he shrugged lightly, "— everyone needs something to fuel them. Anger. Pride. Lust. Gluttony. The list goes on." His smile softened just a touch.

"So... how are you? I hope everything is alright out-"

"You’re bending your words." Leon’s expression didn’t shift. "Come to the point or I am going out."

The Fox’s smile didn’t waver. If anything, it sharpened.

"You performed the technique one thousand times in a matter of hours." He let that hang in the air for a moment.

"Do you understand what that means?"

Leon blinked once. "...Are you telling me to keep practicing more because-"

"No, no, no." White Fox waved a hand dismissively, though the glint in his eye told a different story. "I was simply... surprised. Impressed, even. The last person to master that stance," he paused,

"Do you know how long it took him to repeat it a thousand times ?"

"A month ?" Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Three years." White Fox said it simply, like it was the most natural thing in the world. "No one could perform it more than twice a day. The stamina drain alone was enough to cripple most young men when their form slipped even slightly. Breaking bones... Some even got their hand completely crippled while practicing it."

’Well, that wouldn’t be a problem for me.’

Leon held his expression neutral as the thought crossed his mind.

’Since my mana gets converted into stamina and I have infinite mana... Stamina is no problem for me and I have also broken many bones while practicing it but pain’s recovery has healed me almost immediately.’

White Fox’s gaze sharpened, his ancient eyes narrowing just a fraction as they studied him.

"When I first laid eyes on you... I sensed something was off. Something out of place." He clasped his hands behind his back, voice dropping to something almost thoughtful. "But now I’m certain. You’re not from this realm, are you?"

Silence.

Leon met his gaze with nothing but a faint, mocking curl at the corner of his lips.

White Fox sighed, not in defeat, but in patience. "Very well. I can’t force the answer out of you." His smile returned, slow and dangerous. "But I will have my answers eventually. Because when you fail the deal... I’ll take over your body. Your mind. Every memory you’ve ever buried."

"Then I suppose," Leon replied, the smile never leaving his face, "we’ll just have to wait and see."

The mist thickened. Darkness crept in from the edges of his vision like curtains being slowly drawn shut.

And then — nothing.

---

"...on."

"...Leon?"

"...Master?"

*Blink. Blink.*

The first thing he saw were eyes — two pairs of them, watching him with quiet demeanor.

Selene. And Elis.

Leon blinked the last of the dreamscape from his mind and straightened, rolling the stiffness from his shoulders. "What—" He looked at Selene first, then at Elis."Selene, what are you doing up here?"

He shifted his gaze. "Elis. How long was I out?"

"Approximately two hours, Master." Elis replied, her posture neat and composed as always.

"Mm." Leon processed that. "Are you full ? All your mana restored ?"

"Yes, Master. Completely."

"Good. You can leave now." He commanded.

"Yes, Master."

Elis disappeared without a sound, like smoke swallowed by the wind.

*Swish*

Leon turned back toward Selene, mouth already opening. "Now then, let’s talk about what you—"

He never finished the sentence.

Selene moved first.

Her lips crashed into his — firm, desperate, hungry — like she’d been holding herself back for far too long and had simply run out of reasons to keep waiting. Leon felt the heat of her lips immediately, felt the lust radiating off her skin like a slow-burning flame.

She kissed him like she needed it.

Her lips worked against his with an almost shameless urgency, sucking at his lower lip — pulling, tasting, demanding. A breathless little moan slipped from her throat when his teeth grazed the soft flesh of her lip in return.

"Mnhhhh~"

*Chuu—*

Neither of them pulled back.

They stayed locked together, lips moving in a desperate, greedy rhythm — the kind that forgot about breathing, forgot about everything outside of the warmth between their lips.

One minute later...

When they finally broke apart, Selene’s chest was heaving as a thread of saliva still connected their lips.

"Haa—"

The breath that left her was shaky and warm. Her lips had swollen beautifully — flushed a deep, aching red from the friction, glistening and parted like she was already begging for more without saying a word.

Leon’s gaze dropped — slowly, deliberately.

Her bodice was doing its best to hold her boobs together, but it was fighting a losing battle. The thin fabric clung to her chest, two dark, wet patches blooming at the tips of her nipples.

Her nipples strained visibly against the cloth, stiff and aching. The milk had begun to leak on its own — a quiet testament to just how deeply her body had already surrendered to the heat pooling low in her belly.

"Leo..." She spoke in a low and very seductive voice as she grabbed her bodice and pulled it with full power.

*Riiiiiipppp*

*Boing-Boing*

Her bodice immediately ripped apart. As soon as she did her sweet, thick and juicy boobs bounced out milk drops falling everywhere.

"... Please, I can’t hold it anymore."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 326: What’s happening here ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Very well then..."

A wicked grin spread across Leon’s face as he didn’t waste even a single second. His large hands shot forward and roughly seized both of his older sister’s massive, milk-swollen tits, squeezing them possessively.

*Sluuurp—Suck—Suck—Suck—Suck!*

He latched onto her left nipple like a starving beast, sucking hard and greedily. Thick, warm streams of sweet breast milk exploded into his mouth, flooding his tongue with her creamy essence. He drank like a man possessed, his cheeks hollowing with every powerful pull.

At the same time, his thumb brutally rubbed and pinched her right nipple, completely blocking the flow of milk so not a single drop would be wasted.

"Aaahhhhhhn~! Yesss~! Suck harder, Leo! Suck every drop of your big sister’s milk out of these fat, slutty tits~!" Selene cried out shamelessly, her voice cracking with pure lust. She arched her back and used both hands to violently squeeze her own breasts, forcing even more milk to spray into Leon’s hungry mouth.

Her soaked pussy clenched and spasmed wildly inside her drenched panties. Clear, sticky strands of her lewd juices were already leaking through the thin fabric, sliding down her trembling thighs in messy, glistening trails.

Leon switched between her tits with wet, obscene sounds, alternating between savage sucking and deep, thirsty gulps. ’Fuck... she’s producing so much milk. It’s like these udders have an endless supply of milk. Hehehe... I haven’t used that skill in a while.’

An evil glint flashed in his eyes. Without warning, he sank his teeth into the sensitive areola of her left breast, biting down just enough to sting while activating his skill at the same time.

〈Lust Bite〉

The moment the skill triggered, the bite transformed into a devastating surge of raw, mind-melting pleasure that slammed straight into Selene’s brain like lightning.

Her face instantly twisted into a perfect, brainless ahegao expression, eyes rolling completely back into her skull, tongue lolling out stupidly, drool spilling from the corner of her mouth as her mind shattered under the overwhelming orgasm.

"Haaannnnggghhhhh—!!"

Her hips bucked violently as a massive, shameful squirt erupted from her cunt. The force was so strong that it tore straight through her soaked panties and blasted onto the floor in a powerful, messy arc.

*SQUIIIIIIIRTTTTTTTT—!!*

A thick fountain of her filthy cum sprayed everywhere, puddling beneath her twitching body.

But Leon wasn’t done.

Before the first orgasm could even begin to fade, he switched to her right tit and bit down even harder on the swollen, sensitive areola, teeth sinking in as he activated 〈Lust Bite〉 once again.

*BITE—!!*

"OHHHH MY FUCKING GOOOOOD—!! I-I CAN’T STOP CUMMING—!! ANHHHHHHHHHHHH~!!!"

Selene screamed like a completely broken whore as yet another explosive orgasm tore through her body without any mercy. Her spasming pussy clenched violently, launching a second, even thicker gush of hot cum that drenched the floor and splattered messily all over her own trembling thighs.

*SQUIRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTT—!!!*

"Well, well, well~" Leon chuckled darkly, licking the milk from his lips as he stared at the pathetic, squirting mess his big sister had become. "Aren’t you squirting way too fucking much just from me biting your fat tits, you dirty slut?"

"I-I can’t control it... ahhn~ Your Bite is too weird and good... my pussy just keeps cumming on its own..." Selene whimpered, her voice shaky and broken. Her legs trembled violently as they gave out beneath her.

Before she could collapse onto the cold floor like a used rag, Leon’s strong hands grabbed her slim waist and yanked her back up against his body.

"Woah there, sis. You know there are perfectly good beds in this dungeon for girls like you to fall on, right?" He asked with a perverted, hungry grin spreading across his face.

"My legs... they’re still shaking so bad from all that squirting... I might need one of those beds so I can throw my legs up in the air for you like a proper big-sister," Selene replied, giving him a flirty, cock-hungry smile even as her eyes were still half-rolled back.

"You’re talking really fucking dirty today, huh?" Leon smirked, clearly enjoying how corrupted Selene has become.

He didn’t wait for an answer. In one smooth motion, he scooped her up into his arms and carried her over to the nearest wooden bed with its soft, feather-stuffed mattress.

*THUD!*

Leon tossed her onto the bed like a cheap fucktoy. The moment her back hit the mattress, he grabbed the hem of her skirt along with her soaked panties in one rough grip.

"Let’s see what kind of disgusting mess is happening down here..."

With a single brutal tug—

*SHRIP!*

He yanked both skirt and panties down her long legs and threw them aside, fully exposing her dripping, puffy pussy.

Selene’s cunt was an absolute lewd spectacle, plump pink folds glistening obscenely, swollen from constant orgasms, and overflowing with thick, sticky love juices that kept dripping down to her asshole in shiny strands.

Without any shame, Selene grabbed the back of her knees and lifted both legs high into the air, spreading herself wide open like an offering.

"Look... Look at how wet you made your big sister’s pussy just by chewing on her nipples like a beast~" she purred, voice thick with lust as she stared at him with perverted, glassy eyes. "It’s still twitching and drooling for you..."

"You really are one perverted fucking big sister," Leon growled with a smirk, his eyes locked onto her shamelessly exposed cunt.

"Well... my little brother got me completely addicted to sex. What else can I do except spread my legs and get fucked senseless by him every chance I get?" Selene replied, biting down seductively on her index finger while giving him the sluttiest smile imaginable.

Leon’s cock throbbed painfully in his pants.

"It’s been way too long since I ate a good, sloppy pussy..." he muttered, voice low and hungry.

He immediately dove face-first between her spread thighs, burying his mouth into her squishy, juice-drenched cunt like a starving animal.

"Mmmphhh~ Fuck... what a strong, filthy smell~" Leon groaned in pleasure, inhaling her heavy, musky scent deeply before attacking her pussy with wild, sloppy licks. His tongue lashed mercilessly against her swollen clit, sucking and slurping every drop of her leaking juices without pause.

"Aaahhhhhhn~! Aahhhhhh~! Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh—!! I’m cumming again—!!"

Selene’s back arched violently off the bed as another orgasm crashed into her. Her thighs shook around his head while Leon’s tongue tortured her sensitive clit without any mercy, flicking and sucking it like he wanted to break her completely.

"Hah... Your pussy is way too fucking sensitive. I can’t hold back anymore, my dick’s about to explode," Leon growled, pulling his face back.

"Yesss~ Yes, yes, yes! Shove that huge cock into your big sister’s slutty, dripping pussy and explode as much as you want inside me~!" Selene moaned, her face twisted into a perfect ahegao expression, tongue hanging out as she stared at him with pure cock-drunk lust.

Leon quickly kicked off his pants, his massive, rock-hard cock springing free, thick, veiny, and already leaking precum from the tip.

He grabbed her spread legs and positioned the fat, swollen head of his dick right against her soaked entrance, rubbing it up and down her slippery folds teasingly.

"Now let’s—"

"What’s happening here, Leo ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 327: It’s a betrayal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Leo... What the hell is happening here?!"

A shocked, feminine voice suddenly cut through the heavy, lust-filled air like a whip, instantly freezing Leon, throbbing head of his cock was about to spear into Selene’s dripping, squirming pussy.

He turned his head sharply and saw Elaine standing there, staring at the obscene scene with wide eyes full of shock and burning anger.

"Hello... Mom," Leon said with a completely calm, almost neutral expression, his massive cock still twitching angrily against Selene’s soaked folds. "I’m a little busy right now about to fuck Selene senseless. How about you come back in one or two hours ? I’ll be done draining her slutty cunt by then and I will start with you."

"No, no, no! Selene, you promised!" Elaine snapped, her voice sharp as she glared at her daughter. "You said we would come together, wear those slutty clothes, and surprise him! I’m really angry with you right now!"

"Hehehe~ Sorry, Mom... but my boobs just couldn’t wait any longer," Selene replied with a lazy, lusty smile. She slowly rolled her hips on the soft mattress, deliberately rubbing her dripping pussy lips against the swollen tip of Leon’s cock, teasing him shamelessly. "It was aching too much for my little brother’s fat dick..."

"What the fuck are you two even talking about? Explain fast," Leon growled, his voice low with impatience. "My dick won’t stay patient for more than a minute before I start fucking whichever hole is closest."

Elaine crossed her arms under her massive tits, pushing them up as she pouted like a jealous wife. "You see... Selene promised that the two of us would come down to the first floor together wearing the sexiest clothes we purchased from the market, seduce you, and let you fuck us however you wanted. But this greedy little whore betrayed me and ran ahead to get fucked first!"

"Hey Leo... look down," Selene purred seductively, her voice dripping with lust as she kept grinding her slick, puffy cunt against his cockhead. "My pussy is already kissing the tip of your dick like a hungry slut. Do you really want to waste time listening to Mom’s pathetic bickering... or do you want to slam balls-deep into this hot, ripe, dripping sister-pussy that’s begging for you ?"

"Oh no he won’t," Elaine interrupted with a dangerous, sultry smile. "Because today... he’s going to fuck Mommy’s pussy instead."

Without another word, Elaine hooked both thumbs into the waistband of her skirt and panties and yanked them down in one swift motion.

*Shlick—STRIP!*

The moment the fabric hit the floor, she grabbed the strings of her tight bodice and pulled them loose with urgent fingers.

*Boing—Boing—Boing!*

Her enormous, heavy milf tits exploded free, bouncing and jiggling wildly like two massive, soft jelly mounds. Her fat pink nipples were already stiff and her areolas were hard to stay away from.

Leon’s cock gave a violent twitch at the sight of his step-mother’s perfect, curvaceous milf body. A thick bead of precum oozed from his swollen tip and dripped straight down onto Selene’s exposed, twitching pussy lips.

"Oh my god... Leo, no no no!" Selene cried out desperately, her eyes widening in panic. "Don’t look at her! Look at me! I’m your personal slut sister! You can fuck my tight pussy and suck my milky tits at the same time! You can’t do that with her... right? Right ?! Because her boobs don’t give milk, Right ?!"

She frantically wiggled her hips, desperately rubbing her soaked cunt against his cock like a needy bitch in heat, trying to lure him inside her.

"Well... he can do anything he wants to this body," Elaine purred, her voice thick with lust. She turned around seductively, placed both hands behind her head, arched her back, and squatted down slightly, making her huge, round ass cheeks bounce and clap teasingly right in front of him.

*Swing—Swing—Jiggle—Jiggle!*

*Clap-Clap-Clap*

Her fat ass meat rippled obscenely with every movement. "...Right, honey?"

Leon stared, completely dumbfounded. ’Who the fuck is even teaching her to twerk like that ?’ He thought as a perverted smile appeared over his face.

A heartbroken, sad expression washed over Selene’s face the moment she realized Leon might actually choose her instead. Her pussy clenched pitifully around nothing, leaking even more juices in desperate protest.

"That’s a very interesting offer, Mom..." Leon said with a neutral expression, his eyes flicking between the two slutty women. "But today... I have to turn it down."

Before Elaine could even react, Leon gripped Selene’s thighs hard and *RAMMED* his entire massive, veiny cock balls-deep into his older sister’s greedy pussy in one brutal thrust.

*THUMP—SQUELCH!*

"Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhnnnnnggggh—!!!"

Selene’s eyes rolled back instantly as her tight, soaking cunt was violently stretched wide open around her Leon’s thick cock. Her inner walls convulsed wildly, squirting a messy spray of cum around his shaft the moment he bottomed out against her cervix.

"Awww.... I failed ?" Elaine spoke with a sad and disappointed expression.

"Fucking hell... You are clenching tight today." Leon spoke with a smile as he continued to pound her pussy without any stops.

*Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap-Clap*

"Anhhhh~ Yesssss~ Keeeep fucking my pusssssyyyyyy~ It feeelsss so gooodd~" Selene shouted loudly as she grabbed Leon’s back with both of her hands and locked her legs around him tightly.

Leon’s dick kissed Selene’s womb’s entrance everytime it pumped in and pumped out of her pussy.

On the other hand, Elaine was feeling jealous and horny at the same time, her pussy started to get drenched as soon as she saw the hot scene happening right in front of her eyes.

Her body was getting aroused beyond limits and her breasts were getting tighter with every thumping sound.

After observing them fucking for about ten minutes like wild animals, Elaine walked upto Leon with a red face.

"Give mommy a kiss..." She spoke with lust filled eyes and kissed Leon on the lips.

*Chuuuuuuu*

Leon’s dick kept kissing Selene’s womb while his tongue penetrated Elaine’s mouth and wrapped around her tongue.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 328 328: Let show you how it's done
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One hour later...

The lewd, wet sounds of raw, animalistic fucking echoed through the dungeon room like a filthy music track.

Selene was down on all fours on the cold floor like a bitch in heat, her massive milky tits swinging wildly beneath her as Leon's thick, veiny cock pounded her sloppy pussy from behind without the slightest hint of mercy or pause.

*CLAP-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP—!!*

His hips slammed against her fat ass with brutal force, balls slapping loudly against her swollen clit with every savage thrust. Her pussy juices were flying everywhere, coating his shaft and dripping down her trembling thighs in messy strings.

Meanwhile, Leon's back was pressed against the edge of the bed, his head tilted all the way back, resting horizontally on the soft mattress. Elaine was shamelessly sitting on his face, grinding her dripping, mature milf pussy hard against his mouth and tongue.

*Lick—Slurp—Lick—Lick—Sluuurp!*

His tongue worked furiously, lapping and sucking on her swollen clit and slick folds while both his hands kneaded and spread her plump ass cheeks wide open, slapping them in between.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhhhh~ Aaaahhhhhhhhh~ Yesss~! Lick Mommy's pussy, Leo~! It feels so good~! Keep eating your mommy's slutty cunt and clit like that, don't you stop~!" Elaine moaned loudly, her voice dripping with depraved pleasure as she rolled her hips, smothering her son's face with her wet pussy.

*CLAP-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP-CLAP—!!*

"Annnh~! Anhhh~! Anhhhhh~! Oh my fucking godddd… You're going to break my fucking pussy~! Anhhh~! Anhhhh~! It's too deep—!!" Selene cried out like a broken whore, her body instinctively trying to crawl forward to escape the relentless pounding.

But Leon wasn't having any of it.

He instantly released Elaine's ass, reached forward, and grabbed Selene's waist with both hands in a iron grip. With a powerful yank, he slammed her dripping cunt back onto his cock, forcing every inch back inside her until his balls slapped against her ass cheeks again.

"No running away, you greedy slut!" he growled, voice muffled against his mother's pussy.

"Omhf fumcnk… I amnm cugminmmg!!" Leon mumbled incoherently, his words vibrating straight into Elaine's clit as his lips and tongue were smothered by her dripping folds.

His thrusting suddenly became even more savage. The speed and power increased brutally as he started jackhammering Selene's cunt like a machine.

*CLAP-CLAP-CLAP—CLAP—CLAP—CLAP!!*

Selene's pussy tightened like a vice around his thick cock, her womb mouth opening up greedily, practically begging for his seed as her walls fluttered and sucked him deeper.

And then—

*SCHLORP—!*

Leon's cock bulged violently inside her as he sank his teeth into Elaine's swollen pussy lips at the exact same moment, activating his skill on instinct.

<Lust Bite>

"ANHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! I'M CUMMMMMMMING!!"

Both mother and daughter screamed at the same time, their faces twisting into identical, brain-melted ahegao expressions—eyes rolled back, tongues hanging out, drool spilling from their mouths as pure ecstasy destroyed their minds.

Their pussies exploded simultaneously like broken faucets.

*SQUIRRRRTTTTTTTTT—!!!*

*SQUIRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT—!!!*

Elaine's mature cunt gushed violently all over Leon's face, flooding his mouth and nose with her hot, sticky squirt while Selene's younger pussy clamped down like a milking machine, spraying a powerful fountain of cum around his pistoning cock. The messy liquid splattered everywhere, on the floor, on his balls, and down her shaking legs.

Leon emptied his balls deep inside her womb as he released thick threads of cum, filling her pussy to the brim.

*THUD-THUD*

Selene and Elaine both immediately went unconscious after cumming so hard.

"Haah... Well, that was refreshing." Leon spoke with a smile as he wiped off Elaine's cum from his face.

He pulled his cock out of Selene's pussy and noticed his thick white cum gushing out like a waterfall with no stops.

"Okay... I need a cleaning job." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he immediately picked up unconscious Selene from the ground and placed her on the bed, right next to Elaine.

He then grabbed his dick and rammed it inside Selene's mouth.

"Even though unconscious... Your mouth pussy can still give me a good enough cleaning job." Leon spoke with a smile as he pulled his dick out of her mouth and noticed that it was clean once again.

'Hmm... I was thinking of fucking Elaine as well, but I guess she had a really hard orgasm from the-' Before his thoughts could've completed, Elis appeared in front of him.

*Swish*

"Master."

Elis dropped to one knee the moment Leon's gaze fell on her, her head bowed, expression perfectly neutral.

"Hmm?" Leon raised an eyebrow. "What is it?"

"Madam Fruela has finished her preparations. She asked me to inform you."

"Ah." Something shifted in his eyes. "Right. That."

He dressed without another word, then snapped his fingers.

His figure vanished from the first floor.

---

8th Floor...

Leon re-appeared in silence.

The room smelled of iron and sweat. At its center, bound to a crude chair carved from stone slabs, sat a man in his thirties — blonde hair matted with dried blood, a handful of ugly scars crossing his face. His build was solid, the kind that came from years of actual work, not decoration.

This guy was none other than the guy that Dusk had kidnapped from the party.

Fruela stood a few feet away, an iron rod hanging loosely from her fingers. She turned at the sound of Leon's arrival, and something close to frustration crossed her face.

"Master." She let the rod drop with a heavy clang against the stone floor. "He won't talk. I've beaten him, cut him, threatened him — nothing. Not a single word."

"Just kill me." The guard's voice was low and steady, his eyes fixed on Leon without so much as a flinch. "You won't get anything out of me. I am loyal to my employer."

Leon said nothing. He tilted his head slightly, studying the man.

<Inspect>

[Name: Alren Drok]

[Class: Swordsman]

[Race: Human]

[Level: ??]

[MP: ??]

[HP??]

[Description: Alren Drok is a guard in the Royal Castle and he is not loyal to the king.]

'Huh... Inspect really becomes useless when I am at level one huh ?' Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"You didn't torture him?" Leon asked as he turned to look at Freula.

Fruela blinked. "I — I did, Master. The iron rod, like I said. Then I used my blade to open cuts along his face, and I—"

"She even threw in some death threats." The guard let out a short, contemptuous laugh, leaning back against his restraints like he was bored. "Quite the performance. Wasted both our time. Just kill me and get it over with."

"You..." The purple blades materialized in Fruela's hands before she'd finished the thought. "I will kill you-"

"Fruela." Leon spoke in a low voice.

She stopped immediately.

"So." He clasped his hands behind his back, the faintest smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. "An iron rod. A few cuts. Some threats." He let the words sit for a moment. "That's all?"

"...Yes, Master." Fruela hesitated, the blades disappearing from her hands as confusion replaced her anger.

Leon rolled up his sleeves slowly, one after the other.

'They don't know about fourth-degree torture,' he thought, the smile widening just a fraction. 'And unlike back on earth, I am not bound by their precious human rights laws. Hehehe.'

"Step back, Fruela." His voice was almost gentle. "Let me show you how to extract information."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 329: You will live to regret these words
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Elis..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

*Swish.*

"Master." Elis materialized from the shadow beneath his feet, already kneeling.

"Create me something comfortable to sit on, darling." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Master."

She raised one hand and the throne from the 20th floor disappeared and settled behind him with a heavy, deliberate... *THUD*.

"Good." Leon lowered himself into it slowly, like a man with nowhere to be. He reached into his inventory and pulled Nyxter free, resting the weapon across his knees.

Alren looked at the blade. Then at Leon’s face. Then he smiled the practiced smile of a man who had seen interrogations before and survived them.

"What’s the plan ? A few cuts ? Or are you skipping straight to killing me ? You stupid kids... Can’t you understand ? I am not going to tell you anything."

"I’m going to try something new with you today and I guarantee you that, you will live to regret over those words." Leon’s expression didn’t change. He activated the skill.

---

<Skill Crafter>

[Please input a name for the skill.]

"Electric Shocks."

[Skill ’Electric Shocks’ has been created.]

[Rank settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the purpose and parameters of the skill.]

"Converts a continuous stream of mana into electrical current. Output voltage is manually regulated by the user. Sustained use drains mana at a steady rate, the higher the voltage, the greater the consumption. Cannot generate projectile discharge or area-of-effect attacks. Effective range: direct contact only."

[Processing...]

’I’d been meaning to make this one for a while,’ Leon thought, the corner of his mouth pulling upward. ’Funny. I wanted to invent a chocolate milkshake maker first and then build this skill. But I suppose this has its uses too.’

A quiet laugh escaped him... not loud, not theatrical. Just a small sound of genuine amusement.

’What the hell is wrong with him?’ Alren thought, watching Leon murmur to himself and smile at nothing. ’Why is he laughing like that ?’

[Description accepted.]

[Please select the activation chant for skill {Electric Shocks}.]

"Electro."

[Chant ’Electro’ selected.]

[Estimated mana cost: 50 mana per 1 volt of electrical output.]

[Cooldown: 5 minutes after skill deactivation.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or destroy it?]

"Learn it."

[Congratulations. Skill {Electric Shocks} has been learned.]

---

Leon stood, rolled his neck once, and walked toward Alren without hurry. He crouched in front of him and extended one finger, his right index and rested it gently against the nail of Alren’s pinky.

"...I think you’ve got the wrong idea about me," Alren said, glancing down at the contact with a mocking smile. "I’m not really into guys."

Leon didn’t acknowledge it. "Electro. One hundred volts."

<−5,000 mana>

*Trrr—*

*CRACK.*

"WHAT THE FUCK—"

The current punched through Alren’s finger like a hot needle driven straight into the bone. His entire body lurched shoulders, spine, legs all seizing at once in a single convulsive jerk, the restraints rattling hard against whatever held him.

In the corner, Fruela went very still.

"...Oh." Leon tilted his head slightly, studying his reaction."Nice."

Alren’s breath came out ragged. The smile was gone. "What did you just do?"

"Nothing, yet." Leon’s tone was almost conversational. "Do you know there are exposed nerve endings directly beneath a human fingernail? Completely unprotected. The nail exists, in part, to shield them." He paused. "Yours is about to stop doing that."

He separated one of Nyxter’s blades — smooth, practiced and pressed the edge beneath the edge of Alren’s nail.

"W—what are you—"

*Stab.*

"AHHHHHHHHH..."

The blade carved sideways in one precise stroke, splitting the nail away from the nailbed in a single motion. The sound it made was wet and small and somehow worse for it.

"Oh god." Fruela turned away, one hand pressed hard over her mouth.

*Tick.*

Leon pinched the separated nail between two fingers and peeled it back in a single fluid pull — not slow, not fast. Deliberate.

What remained was raw, glistening, weeping. The nerve endings beneath sat fully exposed to open air for the first time in Alren’s life covered in red blood, every micro-current of atmosphere against them registering as wrongness his brain had no framework to process.

"There." Leon held the nail up briefly, as though presenting evidence. "Those red fibers. Those are yours."

He placed his finger back against the exposed wound. The contact alone made Alren hiss through clenched teeth.

"Electro. One hundred and forty volts."

"You sick fu—"

*TRRRRRRRRRR.*

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH—"

His whole arm thrashed uselessly against its restraint. Veins stood out along his neck. His teeth cracked together hard enough that a back molar chipped.

The current ran directly into the exposed nerve cluster and stayed there, every millisecond of it a white-hot signal screaming straight up into his brain with nothing to interrupt it.

Leon released the skill.

The silence afterward felt physical.

"Hehehe." The sound came quietly, almost to himself. "Now that is a proper scream." He looked at Alren with something that might have been appreciation. "I hope you’re enjoying this as much as I am."

Alren’s head hung. His chest heaved. When he finally lifted his eyes, they were wet, not from crying, his body had simply reacted on its own and burning with pure, unfiltered hatred.

"You’re a fucking monster."

"You’re tougher than I expected." Leon said it like a compliment. He stood, rolled his shoulders, and placed both hands flat against either side of Alren’s head, palms over his temples, fingers pressed firm against bone.

Alren’s eyes widened. Something in his senses recognized what was about to happen before his mind could catch up.

"W-What are you—"

"Electro. Two hundred and ten volts." A pause. "Charge."

*TRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR.*

"AGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..."

The scream that came out wasn’t a scream anymore. It was something beyond language a sound Alren’s body produced entirely without his permission, torn from the chest and the throat and somewhere deeper than both. It traveled down the corridor and kept going, swallowed by the dungeon’s stone throat, and still it sounded loud.

His jaw locked. His eyes rolled. Every muscle in his face contracted simultaneously brow, cheek, jaw pulling his features into a rigid, grimacing mask he had no control over. The current arced between his temples through the soft tissue of his skull, lighting up nerve pathways that had no business being lit, sending signals cascading through his motor cortex like a circuit board catching fire.

His bound hands tore at the restraints with the full, panicked strength of a body that wanted desperately to survive.

Leon released him.

Alren slumped. His breath came in shallow, shaking pulls. A thin line of saliva ran down his chin.

"Phew." Leon stepped back and looked him over with mild satisfaction. "That was a decent preview." He settled back into the throne.

"We’re just getting started. So don’t you dare break."

---

*Swish. Swish.*

Two figures dropped silently into the room — Rees and Dreulis, materialized from nothing, drawn by the screaming sound.

Dreulis’s gaze went immediately to Alren. Then to Leon.

"I heard screaming."

"Small interrogation session." Leon waved a hand dismissively. "Nothing to concern yourself with."

Dreulis studied the ruined finger, the burn marks beginning to form at Alren’s temples, the glassy vacancy in his eyes. "...Isn’t he one of the Royal Castle’s personal guards?"

"He is."

"Are you extracting information about the King? The castle?"

"No, I want to know who he actually answers to." Leon’s voice cooled slightly. "Now be quiet and let me finish."

He rose again. Walked behind Alren’s chair. Placed one open hand flat against the back of his neck, fingers spread, palm against the cervical vertebrae.

Alren felt it. The warmth of the hand. The waiting.

"N-No— please— I don’t—I haven’t—"

"Electro." A quiet smile appeared over Leon’s face. "Three hundred and twenty volts. Charge."

*TRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR.*

The current hit the cervical nerve cluster like a hammer.

For one full second, every muscle in Alren’s body locked simultaneously... jaw, neck, arms, chest, legs... a total systemic seizure, his body rigid as stone in the chair, every tendon pulled to its limit.

Then the shaking began.

His head snapped forward and back. His spine curved and straightened in rapid, violent spasms. His legs drummed against the floor.

*thud thud thud thud*.

The heels striking stone in a fast, helpless rhythm his body generated entirely on its own. The sound of it was somehow the worst part.

No scream came. His throat had locked shut with everything else. The only sound from him was a pressurized, high-pitched wheeze forcing itself out through a jaw clamped too tight to open.

White foam gathered at the corner of his mouth, crawling down his chin.

Leon removed his hand.

The shaking stopped. Alren’s chin dropped to his chest. The foam dripped.

"...Did I kill him?" Leon walked around to face him, genuinely curious, and slapped him once across the face, sharp and hard.

*SLAP*

Alren’s head snapped to the side.

Then—

"Haaaahhh—" A massive, drowning inhale, like a man surfacing from deep water. His eyes flew open, wild and unfocused, pupils blown wide.

When they finally found Leon’s face, every trace of defiance in them was gone.

What replaced it was something much more honest.

"N-No—" His voice shook so badly the words fractured apart. "Stay away from me— please— I’ll tell you— I’ll tell you everything—" The words tumbled out over each other.

"I work for the King’s third wife— Madam Luna R. Stark— I collect information and pass it to her, that’s all, I swear, I swear on everything, I don’t know anything else, please— please don’t—"

Leon straightened up. Let out a slow breath through his nose.

"Luna R. Stark." Dreulis said the name quietly, turning it over. "I never trusted that woman to begin with." A brief pause, then a small shrug, as though filing it away.

"Can you show me that spell again?" He asked, stepping closer, his eyes fixed on Leon’s hand with undisguised interest.

"Of course." Leon turned back toward Alren with a smile.

"No—" Alren’s voice cracked. "No, I told you everything— I told you everything—"

Leon’s hand closed over his mouth. Gentle. Unhurried. His fingers spread across Alren’s jaw and lower face, muffling the words completely.

He leaned down until his eyes were level with Alren’s.

"You did tell me everything," he said quietly. "Now... You are not use to me and as I said, I would make you regret to say those words."

He stood upright.

"Electro. Ten thousand volts."

*TRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR*

What happened next didn’t look like pain. It didn’t look like anything human.

Alren’s body ignited from the inside.

For two full seconds he was luminescent — a deep, pulsing blue light bleeding through the skin of his chest, his throat, the thin flesh of his closed eyelids, the webbing between his fingers, as though something vast and electrical had replaced his blood and was burning its way outward.

Then his body stopped shaking.

The light died.

A thin column of black smoke drifted upward from between his lips.

Leon released him and stepped back.

Where Alren’s eyes had been, two dark, deflated things sat sunken in their sockets, burst by the pressure from within. A wide, branching pattern of black, like leafless winter trees, spread from the corners of his jaw outward across both cheeks, scorched deep into the skin.

The smoke kept rising, unhurried, dissolving into the ceiling and eerie silence covered the room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 330: Just a tiny thing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*THUD*

Leon let go of Alren’s dead body and sat down on the throne with a neutral expression on his face.

"Well... Can I take his body for some research purposes?" Dreulis asked as he looked at Leon.

"Okay." Leon replied as he turned to look at Dreulis.

"Thank you..." Dreulis spoke as he immediately unstrapped his hands from the stone chair and disappeared with the corpse.

*Swish*

"Master... what should we do about the king’s wife? She knows where we all live." Rees spoke in a neutral tone as he looked at Leon.

"Should I go and kill her, Master?" Fruela asked with a serious expression.

"She is a queen, not some stupid girl walking on the streets, it’s not easy to kill her or even touch her until she is inside that castle. Fruela... You will go and sit outside the castle and keep an eye on her for the next few days.

If she gets out, follow her and silently observe. Don’t take any actions. Report back to me if you see anything unusual." Leon commanded.

"Yes, Master." Fruela spoke as she immediately disappeared from the room.

"Rees, I need you to read this and tell me if you find anything interesting." Leon spoke as he pulled out Dreulis’ grimoire and handed it over to Rees.

"As you command, Master." Rees spoke as he took the grimoire and disappeared instantly.

"I need to get stronger." Leon spoke in a low voice as he stood up from the chair and picked up the Nyxter into his hands.

’I have to summon more creatures from hell and for that, I need corpses and Mana cores. Although I have more than enough money to buy mana cores from the Adventurer’s Guild, but I doubt they will have anything above C-rank and if I bought so many cores at once, I will attract a whole lot of attention.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he disappeared from the floor.

...

Fourth Floor,

Dusk is sleeping peacefully on the floor without any worries.

*Swish*

*Clap-Clap*

"Dusk, wake up." Leon spoke as he clapped his hands together.

"Hmm...? Master? Are we getting invaded?" Dusk asked as he immediately woke up and started looking around.

"No, we are going on a hunt. Let’s go." He replied with a neutral expression.

"Hunt? As in monster hunt, Master?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... We are going deep into the forest so the returning duration can be long. So be prepared." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Always prepared, Master." Dusk replied as he walked up to Leon.

"Good." Leon replied as he placed his hand over Dusk’s head and both of them disappeared immediately.

...

Human Kingdom’s Church,

A couple is standing inside the church and they are talking to Sister Miola.

The man is in his 30’s and the wife looks a bit young, in her 20’s, but her face is paled out and there is an apron tied to her head.

Both of them are wearing decent clothes, similiar to what a four star noble family would wear.

"Sister... She is getting worse day by day, no matter how much holy water I give her. Almost all of her hairs have fallen off and I can’t see her like this. Please let us meet Mother Carrie." Her husband replied with a worried and sad expression.

"I can understand your worries but Mother Carrie is busy in tomorrow’s preparations. Please come back tomorrow. I will make sure that once the festival ends, she will see both of you immediately.

Until then... Here, have some more holy water and wear this." Miola spoke as she took off her holy necklace and gave it to the sick woman.

"T-Thank you... *Cough-Cough-Cough* Thank you, Sister." She replied as she forced a smile on her face.

"We will take our leave now, Sister." Both of them spoke as they turned around and left the church at once.

Miola turned around and walked away as well with a sad expression.

...

Outside the church, the couple is walking back to their house.

"Darling, I will be alright. You don’t have to worry about me too much. I will get good once we meet Sister Carrie." The wife spoke with a smile on her face.

"Y-Yeah..." Her husband replied with a forced smile but he wasn’t happy at all.

"You won’t get good at all. Not from that condition." A voice came from behind.

"Hmm...?" Both of them turned around and noticed a nun standing behind them. She was small and had blonde hair.

This nun was none other than Terisa.

"W-Who are you, sister ?" The husband asked with a confused expression.

"Who even cares about me ? You should care about what I have on me." She replied with a smile.

"What?" Both of them asked with confused expressions.

"I have the cure for your wife’s condition." She replied.

"What!?" The husband asked with a serious expression as his eyes widened in shock.

"A-Are you serious, Sister?" He asked.

"I am pretty sure that once she consumes this... She will get back to normal immediately." Terisa spoke as she pulled out a black pill out of her pocket.

"T-Then... Please give it to us, Sister." The husband replied as he started walking towards the pill.

"We have to talk in private first." Terisa spoke as she immediately retrieved the pill.

"Y-Yes... Please come with us. Our house is not far from here." The wife spoke with a neutral expression.

...

Inside the house’s dining room,

"What are your names? And how many children do you have ?" Terisa asked as she pointed towards the man.

"I am Tinter Durden and this is my wife, Lisa Durden. As you can see we are just a small four star noble household.

I don’t have any children due to my wife’s condition, but I love her more than myself and I want to save her at any cost, Sister." Tinter replied instantly.

"Good... Now I have this pill that can heal your wife but I am not giving it away for free. You understand?" Terisa asked with a neutral expression.

"B-But... Aren’t you a nun? And we give big donations to the church every month. I-I just donated like 3 silver coins." Tinter asked, confused.

"Okay... What are you willing to do for your wife? My mistake... Dying wife?" Terisa asked with a smile.

"Anything... I will pay you with everything I have. Just give me the pill, Sister." He spoke with a serious expression.

"I don’t want gold or silver coins. I just want a tiny thing. I want you to change your house, your kingdom and your church." Terisa replied with a smile.

"W-What!?" Both of them asked with shocked and confused expressions.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 331: Take good care of him
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We don’t understand, Sister... Don’t you work for—"

"Listen to me very carefully. I will put this in front of you one last time... Your wife is affected with huge amounts of negative mana and she is on the last stage of mana illness. If you don’t give her this pill in the next two hours, she will go into a deep sleep state that we all know as death.

Now, I can just get out of your face and you can take your chance with Mother Carrie, but if you really want to save her, change your church and embrace the real god." Terisa spoke with a serious expression.

"R-Real god?" Lisa asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, yes... The god that will help you instead of showing you the way to salvation. He will not lie to you like Mother Carrie, that you will have a great life if you continue to believe in him and just pray.

You are drinking that holy water for so many days. Do you feel even a little bit better?" She asked with a neutral expression.

"N-No... It’s gotten worse since they gave her the holy water." Tinter replied with a worried expression.

"Your god is dead. Our god is the only one that can save you from your ultimate doom. Here, have a taste of true divinity." Terisa spoke as she threw the pill towards Lisa.

Both of them looked at the pill that was rolling on the table in front of them.

Their faces had a very serious look as both of them stared at the pill.

Lisa slowly raised her hand and grabbed the pill in between her fingers.

"Lisa..." Tinter spoke with a worried expression.

Lisa slowly grabbed Tinter’s hand and ate the black pill.

As soon as she ate it... She felt something inside her body, an energy that was taking shape.

"I-I don’t feel—"

*Thud*

Suddenly she fell down from her chair.

"S-Sister... What is happening to her?" Tinter asked with a worried expression as he looked at Terisa.

"Wait for it." Terisa replied with a smile as she continued to observe Lisa.

*Crack-Crack-Crack-Crack*

"It hurtsssssssss..." Lisa shouted as her bones started breaking and blood started coming out of her mouth.

"Oh my god... What have you given her? I have to take her to a healer as soon as poss—"

"Shut the fuck up and watch. She is being re-born." Terisa shouted as she looked at Tinter.

"Haaaaah.... Helppppppp." Lisa shouted in pain as her bones shifted under her skin.

"I-I am sorry... I can’t see her like this. Please stop this right—" Before Tinter could’ve completed his sentence, Terisa struck him under his neck and he went unconscious.

*THUD*

...

1 hour later,

*Blink-Blink*

"Darling... Can you hear me? Darling?"

"Hmm...?" Tinter opened his eyes with a confused expression and noticed a beautiful woman’s face in front of him. She had long black hair, fair skin tone and a pair of beautiful blue eyes.

"What? Is that you, Lisa? Am I dead as well?" He asked with a confused expression.

"No, darling... We are both alive. Sister Terisa gave me the pill and now I am completely healed. I am better than before." Lisa spoke with a smile as she looked at Tinter.

"What? But you were crying and your bones—"

"You have to get through the pain in order to gain beauty, health and wealth."

As soon as Tinter turned his head towards the voice, he noticed that Terisa was sitting on the dining table and she is drinking tea elegantly.

"Sister..." Tinter spoke as he immediately stood up from the floor and went on his knees in front of her.

"Please forgive me for not trusting... I will do everything you say. I will believe in whatever god you want me to. Thank you for saving my wife, I will never forget this favour." Tinter spoke as he bowed down his head to the ground.

"Good... You will leave tonight for the Vergas Kingdom. Only take what’s important and abandon everything else.

Here, have these... They will take you in once you show them this." Terisa spoke as she pulled out two black pendants from her pocket and passed them to Tinter.

"Yes."

"Good... If someone comes finding you from the church, you will not make any conversation with them. Now I will take my leave. Where was the exit door again ?" Terisa spoke as she immediately stood up from the table.

"Please allow me to show you the way." Lisa spoke as she immediately started walking forward and Terisa started following her.

*Click*

"Thank you for everything once again, Sister." Lisa spoke as she opened the door for her.

Terisa stepped out of the house and looked at Lisa with a smile.

But as soon as Lisa smiled back, her eyes turned completely black. It was as if there was something evil inside her, that controlled her body.

"Take good care of him." Terisa spoke.

"Yes, Sister." Lisa replied as she closed the door with a creepy smile.

...

Terisa started walking back to the church with a smile on her face.

She slowly pulled out a necklace from her pocket. It was the same holy necklace that Miola gave to Lisa.

"Stupid." Terisa spoke as she crushed the necklace immediately and threw it away.

*Crack-Crack*

*Thud*

"You look more stupid to me, if you ask."

Terisa’s steps halted almost immediately as soon as she heard the familiar voice.

"What are you doing here?" Terisa asked without turning around.

"Don’t worry, you can turn around. I am in a disguise."

Terisa immediately turned around and noticed a woman in her thirties standing behind her, holding a basket of fruits.

"Hello, Sister... I have this for the church." The woman spoke as she handed over the fruit basket to Terisa.

"What do you want, Sister Yuli?" Terisa asked in a low voice while maintaining a smile on her face.

"Mother wants the name of the guy who killed Merlin and everything you can find out about him in two days or you will be called back. See you around, Sister." Yuli spoke in a low voice as she immediately turned around and left.

"Bitch." Terisa spoke while maintaining her smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 332: World Tree’s Grace
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the sun touched down on the horizon, the clouds shifted their colour to a deep orange and red.

*Swish. Swish. Swish.*

Over the dense canopy of the visceral forest, a small red imp glided silently above the towering trees.

*Shh.*

"Hmm...?"

The imp’s eyes narrowed. Something had moved in the distance.

Without wasting another second, he shot towards it.

Below, a monster prowled through the undergrowth, lizard-like in shape, yet several times larger than any ordinary one. Long claws scraped against the earth. Three thick tails swept behind it. Thousands of old scars carved across its body like a map of past battles. But now, It was searching for food.

"Okay."

The imp touched the iron ring on his finger. In an instant, the skin of both his hands transformed — hardening, darkening, shifting into solid iron.

*Tang. Tang. Tang. Tang.*

He slammed his hands together, producing a sharp, ringing sound that cut through the forest air.

"Hissss...?"

The monster froze. Confused, it snapped its head upward, searching for the source of the sound.

But the moment it looked up—

*Swish. Swish. Swish.*

Three dark blades emerged from three different directions simultaneously, slicing clean through its body — head, tail, and torso.

*Thud. Thud. Thud.*

"...That was clean."

Leon stepped out of the bushes, his expression calm and indifferent.

[Congratulations! You have Levelled Up.]

"Master." Dusk deactivated his invisibility, materialising silently beside the monster’s torso. "This Vadizard has a mana core. Look."

*Bite.*

He tore open the torso without hesitation and pulled out a small, green glowing rock from within.

"Let’s see..."

<Inspect>

[Name: Vadizard’s Mana Core]

[Rank: D]

[Description: A Vadizard is a very fragile and agile creature. They can alter their body colour to blend seamlessly into their surroundings. It is nearly impossible to capture one alive for taming.]

"Another D-ranked monster..." Leon muttered, his brow furrowing slightly as he glanced toward Dusk. "How deep are we inside the forest?"

"I have no idea, Master. But I believe we are fairly deep — the fact that we are crossing paths with a Vadizard is proof enough for that. They are natural prey to my kind." Dusk replied, his expression neutral.

"We need to go even deeper." Leon turned his gaze forward. "Imp, continue searching for monsters."

"Yes, Master."

The imp’s hands reverted to normal. He rose back into the air and resumed his search.

Leon stared quietly at his inventory as he dropped the D-ranked core inside.

---

— Inventory —

73x F-Rank Mana Cores

52x E-Rank Mana Cores

25x D-Rank Mana Cores

500x Monster Body Parts

---

’One hundred and fifty mana cores in total, most of them F-rank. Around two hundred corpses cut down into parts. And I’ve levelled up to Level 20 in just one hour.

The progress is decent... but not good enough. I need to find higher-ranked monsters and get more experience points.’

Leon closed his inventory, his expression unreadable.

"Master... look."

Dusk walked up to a nearby tree and began dragging his paws slowly across its bark.

"What is it?" Leon asked, glancing over.

"A Worldroot Tree, Master."

Leon’s eyes snapped toward it. "What?"

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill on it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Worldroot Tree]

[Race: Tree]

[Rank: S]

[Description: A mysterious tree that continuously wanders throughout forests. Cannot be spotted or identified by humans, elves, or demons.]

"I’ve seen one of these before..." Leon murmured, studying the tree. "Last time I crossed this forest with that slime, we passed through one just like this. But how did you even notice it? It looks completely identical to every other tree here."

"It’s difficult to explain, Master. It’s more like... a feeling." Dusk said. "When we draw close to one, we can sense its presence."

"I see." Leon folded his arms. "So where does this one lead?"

"That’s what I’m trying to determine, but..." Dusk’s paws stilled against the bark. "...something is wrong. The tree’s other side isn’t speaking to me properly. It’s as though something is preventing it."

"What’s preventing it?"

"I can’t quite tell. It’s communicating, but the words are... broken. Fragmented." Dusk paused, tilting his head. "It keeps saying — ’rapped in side geon.’ I don’t understand what a side geon is."

Leon stared at him flatly. "...Is it perhaps saying trapped inside a dungeon?"

"Oh." Dusk turned back to the tree and resumed scratching the trunk. "Are you trapped inside a dungeon?"

A short silence passed.

"It says yes, Master." Dusk replied.

Leon’s eyes narrowed. "Then why can’t it simply teleport itself out?"

"Under normal circumstances, no dungeon would be capable of confining a Worldroot Tree — they are far too powerful for that." Dusk’s tone grew heavier. "But this one is trapped. Which means the dungeon holding it, this is anything but ordinary."

He turned to face Leon directly.

"To restrain a Worldroot Tree, a dungeon must be at minimum Realm-Hold class — or as humans classify it, SS-rank."

Leon went still.

"...Did you say SS-rank?"

"Yes, Master." Dusk nodded. "These dungeons are capable of containing entire realms within themselves and can persist for thousands of centuries. When they overflow with mana, a bridge forms between the dungeon and a world such as this one. That is when the monsters sealed inside begin to cross over."

Leon was quiet for a moment. Then—

"Can we enter it?"

"Master." Dusk’s voice dropped. The usual neutrality in his expression was gone, replaced by something rare — genuine unease. "We should not go anywhere near a Realm-Hold dungeon. It would be certain death. Every monster within is sentient. Every single one of them is far stronger than either of us."

He paused, his eyes distant.

"I entered one once... out of pure curiosity. It took me three years just to escape. Every single day inside was a fight for my life."

"I see." Leon replied simply.

[Quest Found]

[Quest: World Tree’s Grace]

[Rank: S]

[Description: Enter the SS-rank dungeon and free the Worldroot Tree from within. Successfully rescue the tree and escape the dungeon — and the Worldroot Tree will grant you a reward befitting your efforts.]

[Reward: Unknown]

[Would you like to accept the quest?][Yes/No ?]

Leon stared at the notification for a moment.

Then, slowly, a small smile crossed his face.

"Hey, Dusk."

"Yes, Master?"

"Ask the tree to let us in."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 333: Hey look it’s a kingdom
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"U-Umm... What Master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Ask the tree to let us into the dungeon so we can free it’s other side." Leon replied with a smile.

"Master... The dungeon is-" Before dusk could’ve completed his sentence, his paw sank into the tree’s trunk.

"Ah look... The tree opened up the path, let’s go." Leon spoke as he immediately jumped inside the tree’s trunk without wasting another second.

"Fuck." Dusk spoke as he also jumped inside the tree following Leon.

"Wooooohooooooooooo...." Leon shouted in joy as he slided down the tree’s trunk as if it’s some kind of amusement park ride.

Dusk followed behind him with a neutral expression on his face.

*Thud-Thud*

Both of them came out from the other side and a bright light shined on their eyes.

"What the fuck ?" Leon asked as he slowly opened his eyes and noticed that he was sitting on an open grassland.

The sun was shining brightly in the sky and winds were blowing naturally.

"Is this really a dungeon ?" Leon asked as he stood up and turned around only to notice the Worldroot tree.

It was the only tree on the whole grassland.

"It’s a realm inside the dungeon master... I think this is a resting area of some kind. These areas are common in these dungeons." Dusk explained.

"I didn’t knew these areas had kingdoms in them." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he pointed towards the south.

"What kingd-" As soon as Dusk turned his head towards the pointed direction, his eyes widened in shock.

"T-That’s not possible... A kingdom inside a dungeon. That shouldn’t... be possible." Dusk spoke with a confused expression as he couldn’t understand what was happening.

"Let’s go and check it out." Leon spoke with a smile as he started walking towards the kingdom.

"Master... We should stay cautious, we don’t know what kind of creatures are living inside-"

"Hey look there are some kids playing there..." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the children.

Some of them were humans, some were elfs and some were of beastkin.

"Now that’s a weird combination of kids I have seen for the first time. Dusk turn into your cat form." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Master." Dusk replied as he immediately shaked his body and his size started to shrink down.

In just a few seconds he turned into a small black cat.

Both of them started walking towards the kids...

"You can’t do that that’s cheating." The human boy spoke with a serious expression.

"No, No, No... I touched the stone first so I win and you lose now you are crying." Elf girl replied with a smile as she looked at him.

"No I was talking about the magic... You used magic didn’t you ?" The boy spoke with a serious expression.

"I-I didn’t use magic... Y-You are lying." The elf girl replied in a stuttering tone as she looked at him.

"I think you did... Even I can’t run that fast." Another beastkin boy spoke as he looked at her.

"I-I didn’t used magic... Why are you guys lying ?" The elf girl spoke as tears started to appear in her eyes.

"What’s wrong with using magic ?" Leon’s voice came from a distance.

All the kids immediately turned their heads towards him with confused expressions.

"Isn’t magic a good thing ?" Leon asked with a smile as he walked upto the kids.

"You aren’t from here are you ?" One of the human kid asked as he grabbed Leon’s right hand and started looking at it with a confused expression.

"How do you know ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as his eyes immediately fell over the kid’s right hand and there was a tattoo on it.

The tattoo looked very similar to a sigil with two swords crossing a unicorn’s head.

"You don’t have the mark of any house... are you a newcomer ?" The kid asked with a confused expression.

"What if I say, I am ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"The newcomers must meet elder Morin and elder Trody." The elf girl spoke as she walked upto Leon.

"Can you take me to them, little girl ?" Leon asked.

"My name is Elissa and I am not a little girl... I am 20 years old." Elissa replied with a pouting and angry expression.

"I know someone who has a similar name to you and 20 elf years are around 4 human years. Now how about you tell me why you can’t use magic ?" Leon asked as he looked at her with a neutral expression.

"The rules of our kingdom, Sephir. No one can use magic, if someone is found using magic they will be executed immediately. Although I don’t know the meaning to executed but I can tell you it’s not a good thing." The human boy spoke as he looked at Leon.

"It is not kid... Say, if I used magic right now what will happen ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"If no one sees you... Nothing but if the guards see you, they will throw you in jail." The beastkin kid replied with a neutral expression.

"Sounds like a bad place... Huh ?" Leon spoke with a smile as he pulled out a wooden bead from his pocket.

<Blast Seal>

He immediately applied some blast seals over the wooden bead and threw it towards the Kingdom’s entrance.

"I don’t know but my mother and father says that it’s a very horrible place and only bad people go there."

"Why are you throwing stones towards the kingdom ?" Elissa asked with a confused expression.

"Yeah cover your ears... especially you." Leon spoke as he pointed towards the beastkin boy.

All of them immediately covered their ears and looked at the Kingdom’s gate with a confused expression.

"Kaboom.."

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

Suddenly a loud explosion took place in front of the Kingdom’s gate but no one was harmed in it.

"Dusk... do it as planned." Leon spoke with a smile.

"Yes master." Dusk spoke as he immediately disappeared into the air.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 334: You aren’t from around here
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sephir Kingdom, front gate...

Two human guards are sitting on their chairs and they are dozing off on the Kingdom’s front gate.

*Zzzzzzz*

*Zzzzzzzzz*

But their naps didn’t last long.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

A loud explosion and both of them fell down from their wooden chairs.

*THUD-THUD*

"W-What happened ?" One of them asked with a confused and scared expression.

"I-I don’t know... " The other one replied with an equally scared expression.

"Hmm..? What is happening here ? I thought I heard some explosions." Suddenly an old man with long white hairs and elf like ears, appeared near the gate.

His face was completely covered by his long hairs and beard, he was holding a very cane in his right hand and there was a golden bracelet on his right hand.

"Elder Morin... T-There was an explosion and we were just about to check... w-what was going-"

"He did it..." Morin spoke as he immediately raised his cane towards Leon who was coming towards the Kingdom’s gate.

"S-Should we catch him, Elder ?" The guards asked with confused and scared expressions.

"Isn’t that what you are trained for ?" Elder spoke as he continued to look at Leon.

"Y-Yes... Elder but-"

"Are you the elder ?" Suddenly Leon’s voice came from a lot closer and as soon as Morin turned his head Leon was standing right in front of him.

"W-What the- ?" Both of the guards got even more scared and confused as they noticed that Leon covered such a large distance in a matter of seconds.

"My name is Elder-"

"Morin... I know." Leon replied with a smile as a semi-transparent screen floated in front of Morin’s face.

[Name: Morin L. Grey]

[Class: Mage]

[Race: Half-Elf]

[HP: 70,000]

[MP: 80,000]

[Description: Morin L. Grey belongs to the seventh generation of kingdom Sephir and he has learned magic from ancient books that were written by his ancestors. While hiding his identity as a Half-Elf.]

"How about we go back to my house and have a talk... Mister ?" Morin asked as he looked at Leon.

"Leon... Leon Luster."

"Please follow me... Mr. Luster." Morin spoke as he immediately started walking inside the kingdom.

As soon as Leon entered inside the kingdom, he noticed that it was awfully quite inside and only very few people roamed on the streets.

"An awfully quite kingdom in daytime, huh ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"We don’t have the concept of time here... That is a fake sun and the atmosphere here always stays like this.

These people don’t know that. But, once in every four to five years, we get people like you who are summoned here from the outside world. From that tree..." Morin replied with a neutral expression as he continued to walk forward.

"I suppose you don’t like these people..." Leon asked with a smile.

"They are people... It’s just they always end up dying while trying to escape." Morin replied with a neutral expression.

"I see." Leon replied with a neutral expression as Morin stopped in front of a house.

It wasn’t a big house and it was made out of stones complete to the roof, except the door.

"Please come in." Morin spoke as he entered inside the house.

Leon followed him in and closed the door behind but as soon as he turned around, his eyes widened in shock.

The house that looked as small as a single room was bigger than a guild hall from inside.

"Space expansion magic..." Leon spoke in a low voice.

"Indeed." Morin spoke as he walked upto south corner of the room, picked up a wooden chair, cleaned it and placed it near the wooden counter.

He then walked upto the counter that had many white coloured bottles over it’s shelf.

"Do you drink alcohol, Mr. Luster ?" Morin asked as he pulled one bottle from shelf and poured the white liquid into two wooden mugs.

"You make alcohol here ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"This kingdom is more than a thousand years old, Mr. Luster. We do everything here that you do out there." Morin replied as he slided one of the Wooden mug towards Leon.

*Slideee*

Leon caught the mug in his hands and looked at Morin with a smile, "I never heard the reason why you hate the people who come from outside."

Morin picked up his mug took a sip from the alcohol and placed the mug back on the counter.

"Because they always talk about things to my people... Evil things." Morin spoke as he looked at Leon.

"What type of evil things ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"How they kill monsters to live and how elfs and Humans are mortal enemies to each other in the world outside. How magic is good and it can make our lifes easier." Morin replied in an angry tone as he took another sip.

"Why magic ? You have used magic in here didn’t you ?" Leon asked with a smile as he picked up the mug and took a sip out of it.

*Sip*

"Woah... This stuff is good." He spoke with a smile.

"I don’t doubt that you already have prior knowledge to where this kingdom is situated, right ?" Morin asked with a neutral expression.

"How about I take a guess ? And my first guess is that it can be situated inside a Realm Hold Dungeon." Leon replied with a smile.

"I have only seen only two people who had this knowledge before figuring out on their own and one of them is you."

"Who was the other one ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"My father... He was transported into this place, fell in love with my mother and I was-"

"Wait... You forgot an interesting fact, what you meant to say was ’Human Mother’s right ?" Leon asked as the smile on his face turned evilish.

"H-How did you-!?" Morin asked as his voice changed from confident to confused.

"You are not even a full elf... You are a combination of Human and Elf, a half-Elf." Leon replied with a smile but suddenly, he stopped feeling his body.

’What-!?’

{You have been Paralyzed}

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 335: Morin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

{You have been Paralyzed}

*THUD*

Suddenly Leon’s whole body fell down over the counter.

"Don’t you worry Mr. Leon... This is just a temporary paralysis drug. Although I don’t understand... How did you know that I am a half-Elf ?" Morin asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon’s paralyzed face.

"Ah... My mistake. How can you speak when you are Paralyzed. Well... Since the effect of this drug won’t wear off for another six hours, I will tell you why I hate people like you.

You see... My grandfathers built this kingdom with their sweat and blood... But then my stupid father fell in love with a fucking human bitch and now here i am, a fucking lunatic.

I don’t have the patience of an elf but I do have their destructive powers. My own grandfather used to look at me as if I am some kind of freak.

But, I accepted the fact that I will never be treated like them... They wanted to create a party that can clear this dungeon and get everyone out of here.

And... Every single person that comes out of that damned tree, they live here, eat our food and water, then they figure out that this kingdom is inside a dungeon and suddenly they want to get everyone out of here using magic.

They... They want to teach magic to everyone and make a fucking party that can clear this dungeon and suddenly I start seeing my father and grandfather in them.

Haa... You know Mr. Luster, all I want to make is a peaceful kingdom that I can rule and die in peace while watching it flourish.

I mean you don’t know if your world is true... What if it’s also inside a huge dungeon and your world sounds so disgusting, rape, murder, killing of the innocent and prostitution.

In here... We don’t have any of that. This is a very good kingdom and it will remain like that.

After people like you kept appearing from that tree, I noticed a pattern in them... The tree only spawned someone when it’s night time here and that’s when I decided that I am going to protect my kingdom from the evil of the world and-"

"And then you decided that you will be drugging the new people and killing them." Leon spoke as a big smile appeared over his face.

"What the hell !? How are you-!?" Morin asked with a confused expression as he noticed that Leon was cleaning the dust from his face and his body was working completely fine.

<Adaptive Body>

[Congratulations ! You have successfully learned {Paralysis Resistance (D)}]

"You said that your father was transported to this world and then you said that your grandfather built this place... Can you help me understand that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"My father searched for my grandfather for years and found the tree on the other side, he was also transported to the dungeon.

That is the strongest paralysis drug inside this whole dungeon... How could you, a human be safe from it ?" Morin asked with a confused expression.

"My body can adapt to posions and other drugs... It was useless to drug me." Leon replied with a smile.

"Fine... If it’s like that, I will just kill you with magic." Morin spoke as he picked up his cane and pointed it towards Leon.

"Al che-" Before he could’ve even begin to speak the incantations of the spell, he felt something cold pressing against his neck.

"You should really look behind you..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

*Turn*

As soon as Morin turned back, his eyes widened in fear, a furious black creature with glowing blue eyes was staring at him while his claws were inches away from tearing his whole head apart.

"W-W-W-What !?"

*Thud*

The cane immediately fell down from his hands and true fear striked him motionless in one position.

"It’s good that you stopped speaking or you wouldn’t have been able to speak for the rest of ten seconds of your life." Dusk spoke as he retracted his claw from Morin’s neck.

"H-He can s-s-sspe-ak!!!"

"Calm down, Dusk... I don’t want him to die of heart attack." Leon spoke with a smile as he walked upto Morin.

"Now... How about you take a seat and we have a real chat ?" Leon spoke with a smile as he sat down on the counter.

"Y-Yes... S-Sir." Morin spoke as he immediately sat down on the chair and continued to look at dusk.

"I don’t give a fuck about what you are doing here... You want to run your stupid little kingdom, sure do.

I will not tell your people anything about magic or freedom or the world outside. I don’t have any interest to be honest in teaching them about anything. Do you understand ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"O-Okay... T-Then what do you want ?" Morin asked with a confused expression.

"What I want are three things... First I want is for you give me a tour of this Dungeon. I want to know about every single detail that you know and I want to see every single corner of the dungeon where you have gone. You take me into a trap room or something, dusk will kill you immediately.

Second thing... I want to live here for sometime, so I want you to take care of my food and stay. Fuck with my food like you did now, I will fucking bend your body and insert your head into your asshole. Don’t doubt it, I have all the capabilities to do it and it will not feel good believe me." Leon spoke with a smile.

"I-I understand..." Morin replied with a neutral expression.

"Now for the final and third thing... How many milfs do you have inside your kingdom, how many of them have kids and how many have a dead husband. The alive ones will work as well.

Do you have the concept of cheating here ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"W-What !?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 336: No one came back from here
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon and Morin are now walking towards the Kingdom’s exit and dusk is walking behind them in his cat form.

"So... You are saying that tree is here before this kingdom was even built and it’s the reason why this kingdom was built in the first place ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes." Morin replied as he slowly turned around and looked at Dusk with a cautious expression.

"These trees are very hard to even spot for a human or an Elf... then how come it’s teleporting them here ?" Leon spoke in a low voice.

"Master... I think the tree is being forced by the dungeon to open the teleportation gate. Whenever a human or elf gets past it, the dungeon must force the world tree’s this end to open a gate." Dusk explained.

"Dungeon can do that ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"A Realm Hold Dungeon can do many things master... Forcing a world tree is nothing." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"But... Why ? Why would it teleport only humans, Elfs and beastkins here and not any monsters ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"My father did a research on that... He said something about dungeon overload or-"

"Wait... Did you just say, Dungeon Overload ?" Dusk asked with a serious expression as he stopped walking.

"W-What happened ?" Morin asked with a confused expression.

"What’s ’Dungeon Overload’ Dusk ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Master every dungeon has a limit of holding sentient creatures, who can think like humans and take action on their own.

Now it doesn’t matter what species the creature is from, monster, human, elf or beastkin. As long as they are intelligent... They will counted in the limit.

The limit in a real hold dungeon must be huge, meaning it can hold around tens of millions sentient creatures in it... But, once it’s crossed, dungeon will go in overload and it will open up.

Every single monster inside it will be free to leave it anytime it wants." Dusk explained with a serious expression.

"Ah so... You are-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, the whole kingdom started shaking.

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

"What the-" Leon spoke with a confused expression as his balance went a little off.

"What was that ?" He asked as he looked at Morin.

"I-It’s the giants..." Morin spoke with a neutral expression.

"What ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"They live on the lower floor and keep fighting all the time, but going down there is not possible... The place is burning hot." Morin replied with a serious expression.

"Can you take me there ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"I am sorry but no human, elf or beastkin can-"

"I heard you the first time. How about you take me there now ?" Leon replied with a serious expression.

"Y-Yes." Morin replied with a scared expression as he immediately nodded his head and all three of them exited through the Kingdom’s entrance gate.

"No one woke up even in such a big earthquake ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Everyone in the kingdom is very familiar with this. So... Now it’s a common thing here." Morin replied as he continued to walk forward.

"C-Can I ask you something ?" He asked with a hesitated expression as he looked at Leon.

"What ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"You really don’t want to help the people who are living in this kingdom ?"

"Why would I want to help someone without getting anything in return ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"You are strong and have such powerful magic, but there is something about you that feels-"

"Evil ? Selfish ? Demonic ?" Leon spoke as he smiled widely and immediately turned on his skill.

<Adrenaline Rush>

As soon as he turned on the skill, his eyes turned completely black.

"W-Wh-at !?" Morin spoke as he immediately took a step away from Leon.

"But don’t worry... I am just a normal human." Leon spoke as he turned off his skill and his eyes returned to their original form.

"W-What the hell are you ? A-Are you also a monster ?" Morin asked in a scared tone.

"Dusk... If he asks any other questions, cut his head off. I don’t want to get blood on my clothes." Leon replied with a smile as he continued to walk forward.

"Yes master." Dusk replied with a smile.

After that Morin didn’t dared to utter a single word from his mouth and they continued to walk south from the kingdom for 30 minutes straight.

...

30 minutes later,

Morin came to a halt and started searching for something on the ground.

"What are you doing ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The path to the lower floor... It’s here." Morin spoke as he immediately pressed down on some specific spots on the ground and...

*SHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

Suddenly a huge door that was hidden under the grass patch opened up and a staircase was revealed that was going down.

The stairs of the staircase were really huge, almost as big as 17 feet every step.

"These weren’t made for humans huh ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he immediately jumped down on the first stair and dusk followed him from behind.

But as soon as he landed down on the stair, a message popped up in front of him.

[You have entered into a <NULL MANA> zone.]

[All type of magic will be neglected here.]

"What-!?"

"Master it’s a trap." Dusk spoke as he immediately turned and tried to jump up but he couldn’t jump higher than 2 feet.

"Hah... Let me count, how many have fallen for this trick now... Ah right, 28 if I count the black monster.

You know, I liked you when you said that you don’t want to help these people... But you are still a stupid and greedy human after all." Morin spoke with a wide smile.

"You know... I will rip your head apart once I come out of here." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he looked at him.

"No one ever... came back from here. Enjoy the rest of your pathetic life... Mr. Luster." Morin replied as he closed the huge door once again.

*SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

"Well... Now I know why I am going to kill him. Come, staying here won’t help us." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he started walking forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 337: DIAMOND GARLER
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hahh... Haah... Haah..." Leon is now sitting on one of the stair and dusk is lying besides him both of them completely tired and huffing.

"How many stairs does this one make again?" Leon asked in a low voice as thick beads of sweat dropped down from his forehead.

"Twenty Eight, master..." Dusk replied in a very tired tone.

"Yeah... Only two more left." Leon spoke as he looked down and noticed light coming in from under a huge metallic door.

"Master... I am so useless without my mana." Dusk spoke as he mustered all of his strength and stood up once again.

"Come..." Leon spoke as he immediately jumped down from the stair and landed down on the 29th stair.

[YOU HAVE SUCCESSFULLY ESCAPED FROM THE {NULL MANA} ZONE!!]

[Magic usage will be restored shortly.]

’The stairs between the floors work as null mana zones, but why ? Why only the stairs ? Is it to prevent anything from going up or coming down-’ Before Leon could’ve completed his thoughts he saw a bunch of human and elf skeletons lying on the final stair.

*Thud*

As soon as Dusk jumped down on the stair, his fur started to glow brightly blue and his body started to expand as he turned back into his original form.

"Now this feels good..." Dusk spoke with a smile as he started licking his fur.

"Hmm... Something is not right." Leon spoke as he looked at the skeletons with a serious expression.

"What’s wrong master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as he also looked at the skeletons.

"Skeletons are white or yellow if they are lying there for long time... But why are they black ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"It’s as if they are-"

"Burnt." Leon spoke before dusk could’ve completed his sentence.

"Morin wasn’t lying about the temperature thing... The temperature is really hot behind this door, they must’ve tried to go in through that small gap under it and got burnt alive." He spoke with a serious expression.

"Master... Should we go back up and kill that elf ?" Dusk asked with a neutral expression.

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

Suddenly the whole staircase started shaking violently once again.

"I didn’t come down so much just to go back up, Dusk. We will go up and kill that guy but first I need to go inside that gate." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he jumped down to the last stair.

Dusk followed behind him immediately.

*SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH*

Suddenly both of them felt very hot winds hitting their bodies from the gap under the door.

The heat was so much that Leon’s skin started to turn red immediately and all the water in his body started to convert into sweat.

"Master... I can’t sustain this. My fur is burning." Dusk spoke as he immediately jumped back to the twenty nineth stair.

Leon immediately turned on his skill.

<Adaptive Body>

[User’s body is experiencing extreme heat on the outside.]

[Altering skin genes to adapt.]

Suddenly his skin darkened and hardened within seconds, pores slamming shut, the outer layer of his skin rapidly thickening into something almost ceramic-like.

[Rewiring Blood flow away from body surface.]

[Adjusting Sweat Gland to extract heat-resistant oils.]

[Adjusting whole respiratory system to cool down air and mucus protection.]

[Adjusting body temperature to lessen the temperature differential.]

[Touch senses will be decreased by 70%]

[Total Stamina will be decreased by 35%]

’Phew... Feel a lot cooler now. Adaptive Body went all out this time. Altering my skin completely.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he slowly walked upto one of the skeleton but as soon as he touched it, the skeleton immediately turned into a pile a dust.

"As expected." Leon spoke in a low voice as he immediately started walking towards the gap under the door.

"Master... Please don’t go there, I can’t follow you in there." Dusk shouted.

"Stay here... I will be back soon." Leon spoke as he entered inside the room from under the gap.

"Master..." Dusk spoke in a low voice as he continued to stare at Leon.

...

As soon as Leon entered inside the room, he felt the temperature and pressure rising significantly.

"What the hell is this place ?" Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked up and noticed a huge moutain of black rocks standing in front of him and it was covered with a green liquid.

He slowly walked upto the green liquid and used his ability on it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Diamond Garler’s Blood]

[Rank: SSS]

[Description: Diamond Garler’s Blood is highly potent. Merely touching it will take away life from one’s body. It can also be used to make {Drudan’s Elixir}.]

"A Diamond Garler ? What’s-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence,

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

The whole floor shook violently... So, violently that Leon lost his balance but as soon as he looked up, he noticed two very huge and giant monsters fighting with each other.

One of them looked like a long lizard that was covered with dark hardened scales from head to tail.

On it’s tail there was a huge black morning star like thing that was made out of a purple glowing crystal and it looked lethal.

"Fucking hell..." Leon spoke with a shocked expression as he immediately used his skill on it.

<Inspect>

[Name: Kumigano Tali]

[Class: ??]

[Race: Bullmaster Monitor]

[Level: ????]

[HP: ????]

[MP: ????]

[Description: Bullmaster Monitor is #Error# not enough information available to show at this level.]

The monster that fought the Bullmaster was bigger in height, almost reaching 70 meters and he was covered with diamonds completely.

Both of his knuckles had very sharp diamond gloves, but it wasn’t he was invincible.

Without wasting another second Leon used his skill on him as well.

<Inspect>

[Name: Lesrath Lokera ]

[Class: ??]

[Race: Diamond Garler]

[Level: ????]

[HP: ????]

[MP: ????]

[Description: Diamond Garler lives #Error# not enough information available to show at this level.]

’Fucking hell... My level is too fucking low to even see their stats or descriptions.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he continued to observe them both.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 338: Lesarath
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The bullmaster monitor immediately used his tail and striked it with full strength onto the diamond Garler’s diamond knuckles.

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

In just a few seconds the bullmaster monitor striked at the same spot five times, giving the garler no other choice but to block it and back off.

"Woah... He is fast." Leon spoke in a low voice as he walked side ways into the room to get a better angle of the fight.

*SWISH-

*Grab*

This time before the Bullmaster’s tail assumed the same attack stance, the garler grabbed it with his hand and twisted it before the bullmaster monitor could’ve reacted, he was already in the air.

The diamond garler used all of his strength and started spinning him in the air using it’s tail.

*SWISH-SWISH-SWISH*

He then let go of the bullmaster monitor and it crashed directly into a huge mountain made out of sharp black obsidian.

*THUDDDDDDD*

"GWAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." The monitor shouted loudly as it felt the obsidian piercing through it’s skin.

*Step-Step-Step*

The garler stepped back and crashed down onto the ground as well, more green blood flowing out of it’s injured body.

*THUDD*

’Both of them are equally injured.’ Leon thought in his mind as he looked at Garler with a serious expression.

’Nay... ’tis I who am the more grievously wounded.’ Suddenly an unknown voice rang inside Leon’s head.

"What...?" Leon spoke with a shocked expression as he immediately looked back in confusion.

’How art thou even alive inside this room? Thou art a lesser life form and shall not be permitted to exist within this environment.’

’Is this telepathy ?’ Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked towards the garler.

’Thy tongue is unknown to me, yet I send forth magical signals unto thy mind, and they are transformed into thine own native tongue without effort. The same doth occur when thou speakest unto me.’

’A higher form of telepathy...’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

’Why are you two fighting ? If you don’t mind me asking.’ Leon asked in his mind.

’This battle is not new to us... Kumigano and I, Lesrath, have waged war since ages long forgotten. For nigh upon five hundred thousand years hath this struggle endured — fought for dominion over this very chamber. Yet now... at this very moment... it shall finally reach its end. Kumigano’s wounds are lesser than mine own, aye... but I, Lesrath, am gravely wounded.’ Lesrath replied as he slowly placed his back against another obsidian mountain and showed a deep wound right next to his abdomen.

It was a weak spot that wasn’t covered in diamonds and it was completely overflowing with green blood.

’You really are injured... Take another blow on that place and you will not be able to recover.’ Leon thought as looked at Lesrath.

’Thou art correct... should I suffer but one more fatal blow upon this very wound, mine end shall come without delay.’ Lesrath replied in a defeated tone.

’Wait... Wait... Wait... Maybe I can help you. I have a healing spell that can probably heal you.’ Leon replied instantly as a plan formed in his mind.

’Thou jests... There is no possible way that small vessel of thine holds mana enough to mend mine wounds, I, Lesrath the giant. Thou shouldst flee before mine end comes... For once I perish, this chamber shall no longer be fit for the living. Kumigano shall seize dominance and fill every corner of this place with his vile poison.’ Lesrath replied in a neutral tone.

’Trying doesn’t cost anything... If I were to be successful, you will be fully healed. If I were to fail, you are dying already.’ Leon replied with a neutral expression.

’Aye... thou speakest true. But what reason hast thou to help one such as I? What dost thou seek in return?’ Lesrath asked in a confused tone.

’How about we discuss that later... That Kumigano thing is waking up once again.’ Leon spoke as he pointed towards Kumigano.

Kumigano was coming back to it’s senses as it stood up from the ground and shaked it’s head furiously.

’Speak then... what wouldst thou have of me?’ Lesrath asked.

’Your hand extended it over here so I can touch it.’ Leon replied with a neutral expression.

Without speaking any further, Lesrath... Raised his hand and placed it near Leon.

Without wasting another second, Leon placed both of his hands over Lesrath’s diamond knuckles and used his skill.

"Heal."

<Minor Heal>

[WARNING: HOST HAS USED THE SPELL ON A VERY STRONG ALLY. HUGR AMOUNTS OF MANA EILL BE CONSUMED IN ORDER TO HEAL THE ALLY.]

[WOULD YOU LIKE TO CONTINUE ?][YES/NO ?]

"Yes." As soon as Leon selected yes, he felt all the mana in his body getting sucked out instantly and regenerating at the same time.

Very severe headaches started to occur in Leon’s head as his vision started going blank.

’N-No... Just a little more. If I can heal him. I will be able to achieve something much more bigger... This pain is nothing, Leon.’ He thought as his legs started shaking but his will wasn’t shaking even a bit.

*SHHHHHHHHHH*

Suddenly, Lesrath’s whole body started to glow brightly green and all of his wounds started closing. Even though the process was slow but they were closing at an incredible speed.

’Thou hast surprised me... thou art far stronger than thine appearance wouldst suggest. I, Lesrath, shall never forget thy kindness.’ Lesarath replied as he noticed that Kumigano has started walking towards him once again.

"KREEEEKKKKKKKKKK..." Kumigano shouted as if it had sensed that Lesarath was being healed.

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

Kumigano’s tail started glowing brightly purple as it started running towards Lesarath with full speed.

"Haah..." Leon took a long breath as he finally lost his consciousness from the severe headaches.

*THUD*

*SHHHHH*

Lesarath stood up from the ground as he was completely healed and started rubbing his diamond knuckles together.

"KREEEEEEKKKKKKKKKKK..." Kumigano stopped exactly 200 meters away from Lesarath and swinged it’s glowing tail towards Lesrath’s under abdomen.

"BHAAAAAAAANNNNNNNN...." Lesarath shouted as he immediately tightened his first and this time instead of blocking he threw a punch towards the Kumigano’s tail with full force.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 339: Thirteen Damned Souls
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Leon touched Kumigano’s body and used his spell.

<Summons Of Darkness>

The moment the spell left his fingertips, Kumigano’s entire body dissolved from the floor as if it had never existed, swallowed whole by the darkness pooling beneath Leon’s feet.

*Swish*

Then the ground split.

A single black line tore open across the stone floor directly in front of him, wide and deliberate, as though something on the other side had dragged a blade through the fabric of the world itself.

*Crack — Crack — Crack — Crack*

The line fractured outward into jagged cracks that spiderwebbed across the cold floor. From deep within those fractures, a red light began seeping upward, not the warm red of fire, but something angrier, like the glow of something that had been burning for centuries and had long since forgotten how to stop.

The air around Leon thickened even more. A low, resonant hum vibrated through the soles of his boots, as if the stone itself was groaning under the weight of whatever was pressing against the other side.

The cracks widened.

Leon crouched slightly and looked down into the opening.

The pit beneath had no visible bottom. Only depth, an endless, churning dark that writhed with pale shapes. Thousands of damned souls pressed against one another in a suffocating mass, their translucent forms twisting and weeping, their cries reduced to a faint, distant choir that floated upward like smoke.

They were straining, clawing at something, pulling back against something, their hollow fingers wrapped around a silhouette that moved steadily, calmly, upward through them regardless.

Something was climbing.

It moved without urgency. Each pull upward was slow and deliberate, like a man ascending a ladder he had climbed a thousand times before. The damned souls around it wailed louder as it rose, their efforts to restrain it growing more frantic the closer it came to the surface.

*Thud.*

One hand, large, dark, and completely featureless, pressed flat against the edge of the cracked floor.

Then it stepped out.

Leon’s eyes went wide.

It stood upright. Humanoid in shape — two arms, two legs, a torso, a head — the proportions were correct, even ordinary at a glance. But there was no face. No hair. No skin. No texture of any kind.

Where a man’s features should have been there was only a smooth, seamless void — a silhouette carved from pure absence, wearing the shape of a person the way a coat rack wears a jacket.

The ambient light of the room bent slightly around it, as though the air nearest to the creature refused to illuminate it. Even the faint red glow rising from the cracks in the floor seemed to stop at the edge of its form rather than touch it.

It was less a creature and more the idea of one — a shadow that had learned to stand.

"What the fuck are you?" Leon asked, and without waiting for an answer, he used his skill.

<Inspect>

---

[Name: Malebolge (Thirteen Damned Souls)]

[Race: Spirit]

[Class: ??]

[HP: 800,000 / 800,000]

[MP: 400,000 / 400,000]

[Description: Summoned from the deepest abyssal pits, Malebolge is a volatile, walking oubliette containing thirteen damned Arch-Sinners who constantly tear and reconstruct their shared flesh to seize control.

Cloaked in deep, chiaroscuro shadows, this nightmare of shifting anatomy absorbs ambient light, emitting only a faint, low-light crimson glow from the cracks in its rusted, bone-plated armor. As the thirteen distinct, megalomaniacal wills violently cycle through the host body, wielding powers ranging from nerve-flaying strikes to soul-burning hellfire — the entity continually adapts its terrifying, hyper-realistic form to obliterate its enemies, all while quietly hungering for their sanity.]

---

"Malebolge?" Leon repeated, tilting his head slightly, the name sitting oddly on his tongue.

*Swish — Swish.*

The void rippled. Like ink dropped into still water, the featureless darkness of the creature’s form began to churn and reshape — flesh and stitching materializing from nothing, pulling itself together with a wet, rustling sound until a human male stood in its place.

He was broad shouldered and pale — deathly pale — and covered from his jawline down to his ankles in thick, black stitches that crossed his skin in uneven, overlapping lines, like a body that had been taken apart and reassembled by someone working too quickly in the dark. His eyes were colorless. His smile was not.

"Ah..." he said, his voice low and unhurried, carrying the ease of a man who had never once been surprised by anything. "So you are the one who summoned us."

"I did," Leon replied, expression flat, eyes already cataloguing every detail of the man in front of him.

"The name is Maverick the Third." The stitched man rolled his neck slowly, the sound of his joints cracking filling the stone room. "You can also call me the Butcher. I like chopping people, demons, monsters, anything built from flesh... into very, very small pieces of meat." As he finished speaking, his fingernails lengthened with a soft *schink*, stretching into long, curving blades.

He turned them over in front of his face with visible appreciation.

"So you are a butcher," Leon said. Same flat voice. Same flat expression.

"That’s right." Maverick grinned wider, and the stitches along his cheeks pulled taut with the expression. "Used to skin souls in hell. People, when I was still alive. Hehehe. Just give me the order and I’ll chop anything for you — since you’re my master now."

"Hey." A different voice. Sharper, feminine, cutting through Maverick’s sentence like a blade. "Change places. Now."

The stitched body dissolved.

*Swish — Swish.*

The void returned for a half-second — that same lightless, featureless silhouette — and then it rebuilt itself again, smoother this time, deliberate. A woman took shape.

She was tall. Her skin was a deep oceanic blue, and fine scales traced the lines of her cheekbones and the backs of her hands like natural ornamentation — the kind that looked beautiful and dangerous in equal measure. Her posture was impeccable. When she looked at Leon, her eyes didn’t blink.

Without a word, she stepped forward and lowered herself into a bow so composed and unhurried it bordered on theatrical.

*Bow.*

"My name is Lady Marla." Her voice was different from Maverick’s — smooth, measured, with a subtle resonance underneath it that made the air feel slightly heavier. "I am a siren master. I can sing songs so hypnotizing that the weak-minded cannot help but obey them. I can also reach inside your opponents and play with what they feel — fear, despair, obsession — as I see fit." She straightened, and a slow, deliberate smile crossed her scaled face as she held Leon’s gaze. "It is a pleasure to serve, master."

"Huh." Leon looked at her for a moment, then let his eyes drift back to the void form that briefly flickered at the edges of her silhouette. "Thirteen psychotic souls possessing a body that shape-shifts between them." A small smile pulled at the corner of his mouth. "Very, very interesting. I hope you are worth a ss ranked monster’s body and mana core."

*Swish — Swish.*

Marla dissolved.

The form that replaced her was slimmer than the others — narrow-shouldered and strange, with elongated legs that bent slightly backward at the knee like a rabbit’s hind limbs, the feet ending in thick, clawed pads pressed flat against the cold stone floor. Where a face should have been, there was only smooth, unbroken skin — no eyes, no nose, just a faint ridge where a brow line might have sat.

It was still. Completely, unnervingly still — the kind of stillness that made made the enviornment seem a little eerie.

"Master." Its voice was quiet, precise, and carried no inflection of personality. "My name is RXV-666. I am a chimera — constructed by Dr. Hofelworth. I have no eyes." A brief pause, as though allowing that fact to settle. "But I can locate any enemy, their position, their movement, their distance, with perfect accuracy, regardless of proximity or concealment. I can kill on your command. I can die on your command."

It bowed.

’Chimeras have souls?’ Leon thought, watching the eyeless face tilt downward. ’I always figured they were just body parts, different monsters stitched together to make something bigger and worse. Apparently not.’ He held the thought for a moment, then let it go with the casual ease of a man filing something away for later. ’Oh well. Whatever.’

He reached down without looking and picked up a small obsidian stone from the cracked floor.

*Throw*

Leon then tossed it into the air.

"Attack it..." He spoke while looking at RVX-666.

"Yes, Master." He spoke as he immediately disappeared from his position and re-appeared in the air directly above Leon.

*SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH-SWISH*

Before Leon could’ve looked up, RVX-666 disappeared and re-appeared on his original position, where he was standing from the start.

But as soon as Leon looked up he noticed that the obsidian stone has disappeared from the air and only black dust remains.

"Did you just crushed that stone into dust before it could fell down ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Actually... I chopped it into dust, Master."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 340: Locust Albersum
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You chopped it ? With what ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at RVX-666.

"I used-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, Leon heard Lesrath’s footsteps coming back towards him.

"Yeah... We will discuss it later." Leon spoke as he immediately used another one of his abilities.

<Summoner’s Pocket>

The Malebolge disappeared instantly and desarath returned back with a huge piece of metal in his hands.

’Hmm...? Where hath Kumigano’s body gone?’ Desarath asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Kumigano’s body... It disappeared as soon as you left, I don’t know how but it just disappeared." Leon replied as he pretended to be confused.

’What?! Kumigano’s body hath vanished of its own accord? But how canst such a thing be possible?’ Lesarath asked in a confused tone.

"How can I know that ? I am just a lesser Life form... I don’t know what happens to you guys when you die. Maybe your body will also disappear when you die." Anon replied with a neutral expression.

’Thou art right... thou art but a lesser life form. How wouldst thou know the reason behind Kumigano’s vanishing?’ Lesarath replied as he looked at Leon.

"What’s that you are holding in your hand ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Lesarath.

’Ah... This is a very rare metal known as pure locust. If you use weapons made out of this material they will gain immeasurable powers but can you carry it ?’ Lesrath asked as he placed the piece of locust right next to Leon.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at it with a neutral expression as he used his skill.

<Inspect>

[Name: Locust Albersum]

[Rank: S]

[Description: A very rare material that can only be found inside secret rooms of high level dungeons. Although it has a very high melting point, but the weapons made out of it are guaranteed to gain two or more skills based on it’s quality.

The material in itself is very light but when sharpened into a weapon properly, it can cut through mana patterns as well.]

"Well... Isn’t that something." Leon spoke as he immediately touched the Locust and noticed that it almost had no weight.

’I can pick this up with one hand, yet touching it feels as if it’s made out titanium or something. So this is what an S rank metal looks and feels like.’ Leon thought as he immediately placed the whole piece of locust into his inventory.

’Huh... Thou canst wield space magic as well? Thou art a most intriguing being. Wouldst thou wish to become a friend of Lesrath?’ Lesarath asked.

"Your friend... I don’t see any problems with that. So, okay." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

’So... What is it thou art doing here? What purpose hath brought thee into Lesrath’s lair?’ Lesarath asked in a curious tone.

"For now... I am trying to find out a way on how to get out of this Dungeon. Do you know any ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as he looked at Lesarath.

’Hmm... Escaping this dungeon... that is no easy feat. Yet I have heard whispers from the seventh floor that some hath discovered a crack through which one might escape.’ Lesarath replied as he looked at Leon.

"A crack ? So... There is an escape route on the seventh floor, right ?" Leon asked with a smile.

’Thou art right... yet I, Lesrath, wouldst not counsel thee to venture unto the seventh floor. To go there is to invite death to dine with thee.

The Mongers make their dwelling upon that floor... vile creatures of the darkest nature — ones that couldst bring even Lesrath to his knees. The deeper thou dost descend into this dungeon, little one... the more wicked and fearsome the creatures thou shalt encounter.’ Lesarath explained.

"Then... What’s in the end of it ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

’A Tomb...’

"Tomb ?"

’Lesarath hath only heard rumours of such things... Yet they speak of a most wicked demon — one who canst bend minds to his will, twist reality itself, and determine the outcome of any battle fought beneath these cursed skies... Yet for all his terrible power, he was betrayed by those he held most dear... and hath been imprisoned within these depths ever since.’ Lesarath replied.

"I see... Well, I think it’s time I take my leave." Leon spoke as he started walking towards the room’s gate.

’Where dost thou think thou art going? The gate to the third floor lieth this way.’ Lesarath spoke as he pointed towards the opposite direction.

"I have to go back to the first floor in order to do something. Then I will come back." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

’Well, Lesarath will look forward to meeting Leon Luster again.’ Lesarath replied as he bowed down a little showing respect.

"Me too..." Leon replied as he did the same and started walking towards the gate.

As he reached near the exit gate’s gap... Leon heard something,

"...ter."

"Hmm...?" He immediately looked around and tried to find the source of low pitched voice.

"M-Mas...ter."

"Dusk..." Leon spoke as his eyes widened in shock.

"Dusk... Where are you ?" He shouted loudly as he started looking around with a worried expression.

"Mast...er."

It didn’t took him long to find Dusk, who was lying behind a small mountain of obsidian, his body sweating like crazy and even though a thick layer of mana was covering his body, his fur was slowly burning down.

"What the fuck are you doing inside ?" Leon spoke in serious tone as he walked upto him, picked him up in his hands and started running towards the exit gap under the door.

Without wasting another second... Both of them exited the room and Leon jumped to the 29th stare in order to get away from the blazing heat waves that were coming from under the gap.

As soon as he got away from the heat waves... Adaptive Body stopped working and his body returned back to it’s original form.

"Heal." Leon spoke as he placed his hand over Dusk’s head and suddenly his whole body started to glow green.

"Fucking hell... You are hotter than the sun right now." Leon spoke as he felt his hand’s skin ripping away from the heat.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 341: RE:Spell
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Blink-Blink*

Dusk slowly opened his eyes and noticed a blurry face in front of him.

"...ght ?"

"... Hello ? Can you you hear me, Dusk ? Are you alright ?"

"Master...?" Dusk asked with a confused expression as his vision cleared up and he noticed that Leon was looking at him with a smile.

"Well, at least you are alive." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Dusk.

"Master... What happened ? I-I went inside and-"

"Why the fuck would you go inside when you know that your fur can’t handle that much heat ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Master... I heard your voice from inside and I felt a huge surge of mana being used inside. Then I heard that loud explosion and I gave into my instincts." Dusk replied with a neutral expression as he looked at Leon.

"Well, your instincts weren’t wrong... It was dangerous inside but not anymore, I made a new friend inside. He is kind of a big deal." Leon replied with a smile as he stood up from the floor.

"Master... Your aura..." Dusk spoke as his eyes shined brightly blue and he sensed that something is different about Leon.

"What ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"It has changed so much..." Dusk replied with a shocked expression.

"Yeah... I killed an SS-rank monster, must be because of that." Leon replied in neutral tone as he turned back and started looking at stairs that were going up.

"Master... H-How did you killed an SS-rank monster ?" Dusk asked with a scared and shocked expression.

"That’s a long story... But, I have found a way to get out of this dungeon, it’s from the seventh floor but first we need to go back to the first floor." Leon replied with a neutral expression as ideas started to fill his mind.

’Turning my weight zero can work but It will be purged as soon as I step-up to the twenty-eighth step.

Wait... Can I make a spell that can stop it ?’ Leon thought as he immediately activated his skill.

<Inspect>

He then looked at the 28th step and a semi-transparent screen popped up in front of him.

[Name: Serimac Stone]

[Rank: S]

[Description: Serimac Stones can only be found inside S-rank dungeons or above. These stones are used to make staircases in between two dungeon floors in order to stop monsters from invading each other’s space.

These stones are enchanted with very powerful {Null Area} magic that prohibits any type of magic to be used until you are standing on them.]

’As expected... These stares are magic enchanted. So breaking them won’t be any useful until I can break the magic but since the magic in itself is a <NULL> spell, no matter what kind of spell I take near it, the spell will just disable it...’ Leon thought as a sat back down and started thinking with a very serious expression on his face.

Ten minutes passed but Leon didn’t stopped thinking, he thought of every possibility that could’ve been used to get back to the first floor.

Dusk on the other side continued to rest as he recovered his lost mana.

20 minutes later...

"Okay, this should work." Leon spoke as he used another skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"RE:Spell"

[Skill ’RE:Spell’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

’This is something of a concept that I saw back on earth in comic books and manhwas that I used to read. They called it reverse engineering spells.

If any kind of magic is being used this spell will scan it and reverse engineer it. Once I can see how the spell is working, I will be able to remove it or maybe make some adjustments.’ Leon thought as he started speaking.

"This skill will analyse magic spells for mana patterns and how they work by reverse engineering them. The skill doesn’t need to come in contact with the spell in order to scan it. Once scanned the spell’s working knowledge will be directly sent to my brain."

[Processing....]

’Since it’s just a monitoring spell and doesn’t do anything, it should get acce-’ Before he could’ve completed his thoughts another screen popped up in front of him.

[Description has been accepted.]

"Good."

[Please select the chant for the skill {RE:Spell}.]

"Re:Spell" Leon spoke with a smile.

[Chant ’Re:Spell’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 100,000 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 10 seconds after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Hmm... Mana amount is not an issue. Learn it." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

[Congratulations ! You have successfully learned the skill {Re:Spell}]

"Good..." Leon spoke as he immediately raised his hand towards the 28th step and activated it.

<RE:Spell>

As soon as he used the skill, two completely blank white magic circle appeared hovering on the backside and on the frontside of his hand.

Suddenly the magic circle that was on the front side of his hand started to shoot white lasers at the stair’s step as if scanning it.

*Zzzzzzzz*

Suddenly a half-transparent screen popped up in front of Leon.

[<Null> Spell has been found.]

[Copying has begun.]

[1%>>>>2%>>>>>3%>>>>....]

Incantations started to appear inside the white magic circle that was on the frontside of his hand.

’The Front magic circle copies the spell. The back one must be for reverse engineering it.’ Leon thought as he noticed that another circle has appeared on the front side.

"It’s not a small spell..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he waited patiently.

30 minutes later,

The spell that started copying with one single magic circle has now increased upto 31 magical circles some big, some small and some that had ancient enchantings in them.

[98>>>> 99%>>>> 100%.]

[Copying process has been completed.]

"Fucking finally..." Leon spoke with a relived expression as he noticed that all the circles have started to spin slowly.

[Reverse Engineering the spell]

[1%>>>2%>>>>]

"Fucking Hell..." He spoke in a frustrated voice as he sat down on the ground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 342: Focus
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One hour later...

Leon is sitting on the twenty nineth stair looking at sixty black magical circles hovering in the air in front of him, alongside with a small screen.

[98%>>>>99%>>>>100%]

[Reverse Engineering has been completed.]

[All the information will be sent to host’smind now.]

"Final-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he felt a severe headache.

He started loosing his balance as an incredible amount of knowledge entered inside his mind without any stops.

"Fuck..." Leon spoke as he fell down to his knees and barely managed to stay conscious.

[All the information has been submitted.]

*Thud*

He immediately fell down to the ground on his back and stared at the darkness above.

"HUFF-HUFF-HUFFFFF.... What the fuck was that ?" Leon spoke with a serious expression as he grabbed his head tightly.

’I can feel the information inside my brain... The enchantment of <Null> spell is a closed loop enchantment that can be casted using a mana destroying skill known as mana eater.

This skill is the centre of this enchantment... What it does is whenever someone gives it even a shred of mana, the intensity of mana eater scales accordingly and it consumes even more mana and the loop continues.

In order to protect the loop from being broken, the enchantment is covered with 36 different magical circles working as guards, out of these thirty-six circles, ten circles share the same configuration to the mana eater but they miss the looping component turning them into the perfect decoys.

Even for a super intelligent Lich who starts to read this enchantment today... It will still take him around 70 years just to find the right magic circle that this enchantment works on. If he successfully copies the skill on a paper.

But, my skill only took 90 minutes to decode all of that at the risk of exploding my skull and brain, but it was so fucking worth it.

Now that I know it’s working all I need to do it keep my mana away from the mana eater’s magic circle and as long as it doesn’t get activated, the rest of the enchantment is stupid.’ Leon thought as he stood up and walked upto the twenty-eighth step.

"When a skill is used mana is released from the body... It spreads around without any limitations but when body soaks in crude mana from the enviornment it only soaks in a limited amount.

All I need to do is when I cast a spell... The extra mana that is being released from my body, I need to soak it back in before it can reach the mana eater." He spoke in a low voice as he switched off all of his passive skills, placed his hand over twenty-eighth step.

’As expected nothing is happening... But if I started using mana right now, the enchantment will activate. Now let’s see if I can do it.’ Leon thought as he raised his another hand to activate a skill.

<Fireball>

Slowly a small spark generated over his hand but...

[You have entered into a <NULL MANA> zone.]

[All type of magic will be neglected here.]

"Fuck..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he removed his hand from the stair and placed it back.

<Fireball>

This time Leon focused very carefully on his body as he felt the mana that was being released with the spell.

"Come on..." He spoke in a low voice as he closed his eyes.

*Inhaleeee*

Suddenly he felt a warm sensation near his face.

"What the- FUCK !" Leon shouted as he noticed a huge ball of fire hovering over his hand that was coming all the way to his face and it was shining brightly blue.

He immediately cancelled the spell and took a step back from the twenty-eighth stair.

’What the fuck was that ?’ Leon asked with a shocked expression.

"Wait... Wait..." He spoke as he raised his hand in front of him once again and activated the spell.

<Fireball>

Immediately a small orange fireball appeared over his hand.

"Okay..." Leon spoke as he closed his eyes and focused once again.

*Inhaleeeee*

As soon as he sucked in all the extra mana that was being released by the spell, the small fireball in his hand immediately changed colours to blue.

Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed that not only did it changed colour but also it’s size has started to grow bigger.

’The mana consumption of the spell...’ Leon thought as his eyes widened in shock.

"When a spell is being used it will use some mana and release rest of the mana through the body but when I sucked back in that mana it’s intensity increased and from the results, I don’t think this spell is using even 40% of it’s total mana usage.

Fucking Hell..." Leon thought as he stopped the spell at once and used another skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Mana Absorber"

[Skill ’Mana Absorber’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"A basic passive skill that when active, it can suck back the mana that is being released when any spell is used."

[Processing....]

’Why didn’t I think of this before ?’

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Huh...? But... It’s a basic skill, the description is like two lines long. I can’t even change anything in it, it’s a mana-" Suddenly something clicked inside Leon’s brain.

"Ah right... It’s a fucking mana based spell, why would the system let me make a spell that will help me modify any spell to work at it’s 2-3x original power.

Haa... Fuck it, I will just use my concentration to do it. Destroy the skill." Leon spoke as he destroyed the skill.

"Wait... I can make that." Leon spoke as he activated the skill once again.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Body Enchantment"

[Skill ’Body Enchantment’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"When used this skill will consume mana regularly to strengthen the host’s body’s strength, agility and dexterity."

[Processing....]

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Yeah... I need to add defined parameters. How about, ten thousand mana per second for increasing everything by ten folds ?"

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Nine folds."

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Eight Folds."

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

....

"Okay... Five Folds."

[Description has been Accepted.]

"Hmm... What if I increased the mana consumption to twenty thousand per minute ? Will the strength increase by ten folds then ?

Since I have such a big mana reserve now I should be able to do that, let’s try... Destroy this skill as well. We will start from the start."

[Skill has been Destroyed.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 343: THE RISING FULL MOON
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"What about twenty thousand mana for seven folds ?" Leon spoke in alow voice.

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Okay... Going down than that is stupid. The mana change didn’t do anything I guess there really is a cap to what I ca- wait... wait... wait...

What if the mana cap is lower and that’s why these spells are throwing the useless mana out... Fucking hell I never thought of that, Nine thousand mana for five Folds." Leon spoke in a low voice as he stared at the screen in front of him.

[Description has been Accepted.]

"Eight thousand mana for five Folds."

[Description has been Accepted.]

"Five thousand mana for five Folds."

[Description has been Accepted.]

"Four thousand mana for five Folds ?"

[Error: Skill’s description doesn’t match the Rank. Please Try Again...]

"Obviously... It caps at five thousand mana." Leon spoke with a frustrated expression as he placed his hand over his head.

"Five thousand mana for five Folds, the chant will be ’Strengthen’ and learn the damn skill." He spoke without stops.

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Body Enchantment}.]

[Chant ’Strengthen’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 5000 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated, 5 minutes after use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

[Congratulations ! You have successfully learned the skill {Body Enchantment}]

"Good Good... Dusk, wake up... We are leaving boy." Leon spoke as he walked upto dusk and tapped on his head.

"Hmm...? But... How are we going to leave master ? Magic doesn’t work on those damn stairs." Dusk asked with a confused expression as he woke up from his sleep and looked at Leon.

"Yeah... Just get into your cat form, hop onto my back and grab tightly." Leon ordered.

"As you command, master." Dusk replied as he immediately turned back into his cat form, hopped onto Leon’s back and grabbed tightly.

<Strengthen>

As soon as Leon activated the skill, his body started to glow blue for a second before it returned back to normal.

Leon felt the power surging throughout his whole body as he immediately bent down placed both of his hands on the ground and took the runner’s stance.

"Fuuuuu... Here goes fucking Nothin." Leon spoke as he immediately started running towards the twenty-eighth step.

As Leon ran his speed increased with each step and in just a few steps he was running ten times faster than a normal human.

"Masterrrrr... How are you running so fassttttt ?" Dusk shouted as he struggled to keep his eyes open in his cat form.

"Tighten your grip, Dusk... We are about to jump." Leon spoke as he took a sudden stop, springed down and released all the energy at once.

*Jump*

He jumped so high that both of them completely skipped the twenty-eighth stair and landed directly on the twenty-seventh stair.

*THUD*

*Crack*

As Leon landed on the stair, a small crack appeared on the ground.

"Master we skipped the first two steps... That’s amazing now we can walk-" Before dusk could’ve completed his sentence, Leon started running again with the same speed.

*Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step*

"This feels so fucking amazingggggg...." Leon shouted loudly as his speed increased once again and he closed in to the next stair.

"HUP..." As he jumped once again into the air, dusk looked down and noticed that they were flying higher than before.

*Jump*

"Umm... Master shouldn’t you-"

This time they skipped two stairs and landed on the twenty-fouth stair.

*THUDD*

*Crack-Crack*

"Woah..." Dusk spoke as his whole body shaked from the landing vibration but before he could’ve recovered from it, Leon started running once again with full speed.

’Master’s speed is increasing with every jump and he is using magic but I can’t do it... How is that possible ?’ Dusk thought as he continued to hold tighter onto Leon’s clothes.

"Hahahaha.... This is so much fucking fun." Leon spoke as he increased his speed once again.

"Here comes another one... HUP." He shouted while jumping even higher this time.

*JUMP*

"Too high... Master we are too high..." Dusk spoke with a serious expression as he looked down and calculated a death risk.

But Leon wasn’t hearing anything, this time both of them crossed over five stairs, landing directly on the nineteenth stair.

*THUDDDD*

*CRACK*

This time when Leon landed, a big crack appeared on the stair’s surface.

"Master we should take a break-"

*STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP*

"HUPPP..."

*JUMP*

Leon didn’t listen to what dusk was saying. He jumped once again and crossed over five more stairs.

*THUDDDD*

*CRACK*

"Fuck... I can’t jump higher than that." Leon spoke as he landed on the fourteenth step.

"Dusk you alright ?" Leon asked as he turned around and noticed that dusk wasn’t feeling very good.

"Master... I-I think my head is spinning since I am in a smaller form and everytime you land, I feel like my whole body shaking up and down." Dusk replied in a sick tone.

"I can stop if you want... But there is a chance that we will have to go down all those stairs once again and start over if I lost my focus. Do you want that ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"No... Please continue." Dusk spoke as he immediately regained all of his strength and tightened his claws around Leon’s shoulder.

"As I thought." Leon spoke as he immediately started running once again.

*STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP-STEP*

"Don’t puke over my shirt... It’s brand new. HUP." Leon spoke as he bent down once again and Jumped.

*JUMP*

"I-I will... Try... M-Master." Dusk spoke as he closed his mouth tightly.

....

In just a few minutes Leon reached on the first stair...

*THUD*

*CRACK*

"Fucking Finally... Dusk one more fucking jump and we will be out of here." Leon spoke as he looked at Dusk.

"Y-Yes... Master." Dusk spoke as he covered his mouth.

"I have to take care of that fucking gate now." Leon spoke as he pulled the Nyxter out of his inventory and started running towards the front wall with full speed.

"HUP..."

Leon jumped towards the front wall, then pressed both of his legs against the wall and jumped once again towards the upper gate.

He immediately closed his eyes and focused sharply on his sword’s tip.

*Sshhhhhhh*

Leon inhaled air into his lungs and released it slowly, while whispering the words.

"ALL RISE: THE RISING FULL MOON."

Although Leon has practiced this technique many times and he needed to perform it many more times in order to learn it perfectly, but in that moment... something changed inside him.

Leon entered in a true focus state as he imagined a full moon in his mind and his hands moved automatically, not on instinct but on enlightenment.

He made a flawless circular pattern without any stops, without any shakes and without any hesitation.

*CUT*

*THUD*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 344: The Thirteen sinners
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sephir Kingdom, daytime...

Everyone is roaming on the streets since there is nothing much in the market everyone is just making conversations with each other.

*Yaawwwwnnnn*

Morin walked in the middle of the market with a tired expression on his face.

"Mr. Morin... Good morning.

"Morning, James."

"Sir Morin... Good morning."

"Morning Lisa. How are the kids ?"

"They are good sir."

"Good Good..."

As he walked forward, everyone greeted him with smiles and gifts.

"Hah... I need to sleep. That kid really fucked up my sleeping schedule, that black creature keeps coming to my dreams." Morin spoke in a low voice as he walked upto his house.

He opened the house’s door, entered inside... closed the door and walked straight to his bedroom.

"Home sweet home..." Morin spoke as he covered the room’s windows with curtains and the whole room sank into darkness.

He slowly placed his magic wand to the side and laid down on his bed.

"Haa... Feels so good." Morin giggled as he hugged the pillow tightly and closed his eyes.

"Yeah hug it tighter." Suddenly a whispering sound entered inside his ears.

"What ?" Morin immediately woke up from his sleep and looked around the room with a serious expression but there was nothing other than darkness.

He sat still for three minutes trying to observe if someone was in his room or not, but no sound came.

"Fuck... The sounds are coming back. I have to start drinking alcohol again." Morin spoke as he immediately hugged the pillow once again and closed his eyes.

Suddenly a dark shadow appeared near Morin’s legs and it held a big dagger in it’s hands.

*Lick*

The shadow licked the dagger with his abnormally long tongue before raising it into the air and bringing in down onto Morin’s left leg with full power.

*STAB*

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...." Morin shouted loudly as he woke up from his sleep immediately.

"Shhh... You shouldn’t shout like that. My master doesn’t like loud noises." A female’s voice entered inside his ears and suddenly his mouth was closed shut automatically against his will.

*Clink*

Suddenly the curtains on the windows were removed and Morin noticed a blue woman standing near the curtains. She was none other than lady marla.

"Mnhhhhhhh... MNHHHHNHHHH..." Morin tried to shout as he looked at the hole that was made by the dagger in his left leg, it was bleeding non-stop, but his lips weren’t allowing any words to escape out of his mouth.

"How about you stand up from that bed and walk out of the room... Now." Marla spoke with a smile and as soon as the words left her mouth, Morin’s body started moving against his will.

He immediately stood up from the bed and started walking towards the exit gate with his bleeding leg.

It hurted like hell but Morin couldn’t do anything, he was utterly helpless.

*Click*

He opened the door and exited the room with tears coming out of his eyes.

As soon as he exited the room, Morin turned to his right and noticed a man standing near his alcohol collection.

He faced was towards the shelf busy in picking what to drink next.

"Hmm... This one is good." Leon spoke as he picked up a white bottle from the shelf and turned around to pour himself a drink in the wooden mug.

But as soon as Morin saw Leon’s face... His eyes widened in shock and fear, his legs started shaking along with his whole body.

"Oh... You are awake, come join me for a drink old man." Leon spoke with a smile as he picked up another mug from under the counter and placed it right next to his mug.

Morin raised his finger towards Leon and he gathered every single last bit of his will in order to run out of the house and he succeeded in breaking out of Marla’s spell.

Without wasting another second, Morin turned around and started running towards the exit gate.

But as he kept running towards the gate, the gate kept going away from him. No matter how fast he ran he wasn’t able to get to the gate, it was as if the path to the gate was stretching on its own.

Leon looked at him with a smile as he poured the drink into the mug and took a sip while a man in completely black tux walked upto him.

He holded a stick in his hand and there was a black and white mask covering his face. The mask was similar to a clown’s face but behind the mask two glowing red eyes stared down at Morin.

’The Malebolge has thirteen different evil souls in itself, I have met and inspected twelve of them.

The Butcher: Maverick the third, a complete fucking maniac who loves to cut through anything living or dead. He can skin off anything without killing it.

The siren: Lady Marla, siren queen who can manipulate weak minded people into doing her bid. She killed so many sailors that no one who entered her domain left the sea alive.

The Chimera: RVX-666 who killed so many people that he was almost sent to purgatory but I pulled him on the right time.

The Executioner: Tropida, a ruthless killer... She executed so many women and men in her life that after a while she lost the difference between right and wrong. She went on a killing streak using her powers.

The Trickster: Merlin Weaverns, one of the most dangerous illusionist standing right next to me. He raped so many women using his powers that he was executed by Tropida herself, while both of them were having sex, must’ve been painful.

The Possessor: Saint John, He was a saint in a big church when he was alive and he killed thousands of men and women mercilessly who refused to follow the religion that he had created, making himself the god of his religion. After his death his soul kept possessing the living beings and making others believe that he is still alive.

The Plague Bringer: Alchemist Trucer, When he was alive, he killed thousands just to test his drugs, it is said that he killed a whole kingdom overnight with a dangerous virus.

The Architect: Luyur, he was one of the best architect that history ever saw but he was a sadistic... It is said that he built a prison and threw in innocents into it’s cells and tortured them until they started begging for death and once they did, he started torturing them even more.

The Puppeteer: Madame Vesper, One of the most dangerous bitch, She was an aristocrat who mastered a dark art of blood-threading, allowing her to physically control people’s bodies like marionettes. She didn’t just kill people; she forced them to do it themselves. She was infamous for hijacking the bodies of loving fathers and mothers, forcing them to butcher their own families while keeping their minds completely awake and aware, feeding off the sheer trauma of their breaking sanity.

The Blood-Drunk: General Kael, A military commander who didn’t fight for a king or country, but purely for the slaughter. When a massive city finally surrendered to him after a long siege, he didn’t take prisoners. Instead, he ordered his men to break the legs of all 50,000 citizens and bury them alive in a massive trench, simply to use their crushed bodies as the foundation for his new fortress. He was eventually ripped limb from limb by his own mutinying soldiers, who grew terrified of his bloodlust.

The Vampire: Cassian Von Bloodmoon, He didn’t just drink blood, he built subterranean human farms where thousands were hung on meat hooks. He bled entire generations of families drop by drop, keeping them barely alive in total darkness for decades just to perfectly age their blood.

The Skinwalker: Vane, a shapeshifting serial killer who hunted royalty. He would murder a king, wear his skin, and plunge the empire into bloody, senseless wars, abandoning the rotting skin to find a new host only when the kingdom was entirely reduced to ash.

I don’t know about the thirteenth form, I kept telling it to reveal the thirteenth form but it didn’t.’ Leon thought as he took a sip of the alcohol and an evil smile appeared over his face.

*Thud*

After running for a while Morin finally fell down on the floor due to exhaustion.

"Release him and switch places with vane..." Leon ordered.

"Yes, master." Merlin replied as he immediately dissolved into the dark shadow form and another man that had no face appeared in his place.

He was very small and had a deformed body.

"Master..." Vane spoke in a low voice.

"Vane... Can you take his grandfather’s face ?" Leon asked.

"Hmm... I can master but for that I will need to know how his grandfather looked like and for that we will need to get inside his mind.

Only the saint can possess his body, once he does... I will have the face of his grandfather." Vane replied.

’Ah... Right since they all share the same shape shifting Malebolge’s body, they have a shared brain as well.’ Leon thought.

"Very well... Send John out." He commanded with an evil smile as he took another sip of the alcohol.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 345: Let’s play ’Fingers’
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly Malebolge turned into an old man who wore a pope’s dress...

"Oh... It’s been a while since I possessed someone." John spoke with an evil smile as he immediately walked upto Morin and touched his shoulder.

As soon as he touched Morin’s shoulder, John disappeared.

"Oh... This feels so good. Controlling a normal human feeling all these emotions and feeling of hung-" Before John could’ve completed his sentence, he re-appeared outside and Vane replaced him.

"So...?" Leon asked with a smile as he took a seat.

"I have the face, master... Since I don’t have real skin, I will try to change the original body itself but I won’t be able to maintain that form for too long, master." Vane explained as his whole body started changing it’s shape.

"I just need a few moments..." Leon replied with a smile.

In just a few seconds he turned into an old elf who had long white hairs just like Morin.

"Wake him up and tell him how much you love him." Leon ordered with a smile.

"Yes, master." Vane spoke as he placed his hand over Morin’s face and started calling his name.

"Mori... wake up my child. Wake up, it’s your grand-papa." Vane spoke as he changed his voice.

"G-Grand-papa...?" Morin asked in a confused voice as he woke up and looked at Vane.

"A-Am I dead...? Grand-papa ?" Morin asked with a confused expression.

"No mori... I am here to tell you how much I love you as my grandchild and I have something that I want to give you, that will save you from that guy." Vane spoke as he pointed towards Leon.

Morin immediately turned around and noticed that Leon was drinking alcohol casually while looking at them with an evil smile.

Suddenly his eyes widened in fear as he turned around to look at Vane and immediately dragged himself away.

"Y-You are dead... H-How are you ? What kind of sick games are you playing with me ? How did you even come back you fucking monster ?" Morin shouted as he looked at Leon.

*Sip*

"Sick games ? I am not playing any sick games with you, I think that’s your real grand-papa and he is here to save you from me." Leon replied with a smile as he finished his drink and placed the mug down.

"B-But... H-How can that-"

"Here Mori... This dagger, as long as you hold this in your hand, that evil man will not be able to touch you." Vane spoke as he pulled out a dagger and pointed it’s handle towards Morin.

"Oh no no no... Not that dagger." Leon spoke as he immediately stood up from the chair, while pretending to be worried.

As soon as Morin saw this... He immediately raised his hand in order to grab the dagger, but before he could’ve grabbed it, vane grabbed his hand.

"W-What are you-?" Before Morin could’ve completed his sentence, Vane disappeared and Maverick appeared, a psychotic smile visible on his face.

"Let’s play a game... I call it ’FINGERS’, heheheh..." Maverick spoke as he pressed Morin’s hand down against the floor.

*Thud*

"N-No... Leave my-"

"Open fingers or loose them... Here comes the chopper." Maverick spoke as he started stabbing the dagger in-between Morin’s fingers very fast.

"The Mumbley-Peg." Leon spoke with a smile as he walked closer and observed.

*STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB*

Maverick stabbed the dagger so fast that Morin couldn’t look away from his hand and Maverick’s smile grew wilder as he continued to stare at Morin’s scared expression.

"Hey... Maverick." Leon spoke with a smile as he grabbed the wooden mug in his hand.

"Yes master ?" Maverick asked as he immediately turned his head towards Leon but continued the stabbing without touching even an inch of Morin’s fingers.

"What happens if you were to be disturbed during this little game of yours ? Like this mug falls on the ground and oops..." Leon spoke as he dropped the mug.

*Thud*

As soon as the mug fell on the floor, Maverick’s smile turned maniac.

*STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB-STAB*

In a split second, Maverick did only five stabs, not more not less and chopped off all five of Morin’s fingers.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH...." Morin shouted loudly as he looked at the blood flowing out of his freshly chopped fingers.

"See... That’s what happens when you disturb me master." Maverick spoke with a smile as he grabbed the dagger and licked the blood off it.

"I am sorry... It was an honest mistake truly." Leon replied as he pretended to be sorry.

"Why...? Why are you doing this to meeee ? J-Just kill me already." Morin cried in agony as he looked at Leon.

"Step away..." Leon replied with a serious expression as he looked at Maverick.

"Yes master." Maverick replied as he immediately stepped back.

"Why didn’t you kill me ? Why did you thought it was a good idea to send me down those stairs and let me die slowly ?" Leon asked with a serious expression.

"Because you are so much fucking stronger than me... It’s impossible to kill you with my powers." Morin shouted as he looked at Leon.

"Hah... Fair enough. Try to be stronger next time." Leon spoke as he raised two of his fingers and swinged them towards right.

*STAB*

Suddenly one of Nyxter’s blade came flying from the left side and stabbed directly into Morin’s skull, killing him on the spot.

*THUD*

"Awww... We could’ve played with him even more." Maverick replied with a sad expression.

"Yeah no we have-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, a knock was heard on the door.

*KNOCK-KNOCK*

"Mr. Morin... are you alright ? Please open the door, we heard the screams."

"Mr. Morin please open the door."

"Mr. Morrinnnnnnn..."

...

"Oh more to cut..." Maverick spoke as the smile returned back to his face.

"Switch with Vane and wear his skin." Leon commanded.

"Yes master." Maverick immediately disappeared and Vane re-appeared once again.

Without wasting another second vane grabbed Morin’s skin and used some kind of skill that helped him in peeling off his skin.

"Fast Vane..." Leon replied as he walked upto the door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 346: Trody Tanner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A huge crowd of residents have gathered around Morin’s front door.

"Mr. Morin are you alright ?"

"What happened ?" A lady asked with a worried expression.

"We heard loud screaming sounds coming from Mr. Morin’s house." Another man replied.

"Were they Mr. Morin’s voice ?" She asked with a confused expression.

"Are you stupid or what ? Obviously they were Mr. Morin’s, it’s his house."

"Mr. Morin, please open the door."

*KNOCK-KNOCK*

Inside the house, Leon observed everyone from the window’s corner with a neutral expression.

"Hmm... Oh, that one seems good and that one as well. Hehehe... I should also get that one. This motherfucking kingdom has more milfs then I thought and they have big boobs as well. Isn’t that just fantastic.

I can fuck them until dusk regains his consciousness." Leon spoke in a low voice as a perverted smile appeared over his face.

"Master... I am done." Vane spoke from behind.

As soon as Leon turned his head towards him, he noticed that vane has completed turned into Morin, except his voice.

"The voice..." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Oh right, erhm... My name is Morin, ladies and gentlemen and I ordered you to kill each other." Vane spoke in a Morin’s voice.

"Good Good... But don’t order them to kill each other." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"As you command, my sire." Vane spoke as he immediately walked upto the door and opened it with full confidence.

*Click*

"Why are you all shouting like animals ?" Vane shouted in a loud voice as he stepped out and closed the door behind him immediately.

"Mr. Morin... We heard you screaming, is everything alright ?" A man in his 40’s asked with a confused expression.

"Yes... I had a bad dream, that’s why I was screaming." Vane replied with a neutral expression.

"What ? But... You were screaming so loudly, Sir. We thought that someone was trying to harm you." A lady in her twenties spoke with a worried expression.

"What ? When you have sex with your husband at night and you scream, does that mean your husband is harming you ?" Vane replied with a neutral expression.

"The fuck is this idiot saying ?" Leon spoke in a low voice as he looked at vane with a confused expression.

"W-What ?" The lady asked with a confused expression as she immediately turned around and left with a red face.

"All of you can go back to your work as well, I am fine and I will be going back to my sleep now." Vane spoke as he entered back inside the house and closed the door.

Everyone went back to their tasks as soon as they heard Morin’s words.

"What should we do now, Master ?" Vane asked with a confused expression as he looked at Leon.

"Well... You will be ordering those milfs to come and-" Before he could’ve completed his sentence, another knock was heard on the door.

*Knock-Knock*

"Didn’t you tell them to go away ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I did, master." Vane replied with a neutral expression.

"Then who the fuck is knocking now ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he walked upto the window once again and looked out.

Outside the the door there was another old man, who knocked on the gate with patience.

<Inspect>

[Name: Trody Tanner]

[Class: Dark Mage]

[Race: Human]

[MP: 5000/5000]

[HP: 2500/2500]

[Description: Trody Tanner is one of the most respected human elder after Morin and all the humans inside the kingdom respect him.]

"It’s Trody... the little elf girl said there are two fucking elders. Everytime I want to fuck some MILFs, these motherfuckers come in my way." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Vane.

"What should I do master ?" Vane asked.

"Can you do something about that skinless body ?" Leon asked as he pointed towards Morin’s body.

"I can consume this dead body master, if that’s what you want. It will give our main body more body parts to change into." Vane asked as he pointed towards Morin’s skinned body.

"Okay do it fast." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes." Vane replied as he immediately turned back into Malebolge form and as soon as he touched Morin’s body... It was sucked into the black void immediately.

All the blood around the body was also sucked in leaving the floor completely clean.

"It’s done, master." Vane spoke as he returned with Morin’s face.

*Knock-Knock*

"Morin... Open the door, it’s Trody." He spoke in a low voice from outside.

"Just talk to him and see what he wants. I will be inside that room." Leon ordered as he went to the other room immediately.

"As you say master." Vane spoke as he started walking towards the door.

"And... Try to keep the stupid talk to yourself, only give answers that Morin would do. You have his memories right ?" Leon asked.

"I don’t have all of them but enough to make conversation, master." Vane replied with a neutral expression.

"Good." Leon spoke as he entered inside the room and closed it’s door.

*Click*

...

*Open*

"Trody... What are you doing here ?" Vane asked as he looked at Trody.

"I heard that you were screaming from some guys, is that true ?" Trody asked with a neutral expression.

"It was just a bad dream nothing much. I was just going back to sleep and-"

"We need to talk about that." Trody spoke as his expressions turned serious.

"We do...?" Vane asked in a confused tone.

"What ?" Trody asked with a suspicious expression.

"We do. We do. Why don’t you come inside and we discuss it then." Vane replied as he immediately changed his tone.

"Yes... Do you still have that alcohol ?" Trody asked as he entered inside the house.

"Oh I have that... I have everything." Vane replied with a smile as he closed the door behind him.

Trody immediately walked upto the alcohol counter and took a seat.

"Oh it’s already out." Trody spoke as he picked up the bottle and started pouring himself a drink.

*Pourrrrr*

"So... How about we start talking ?" Vane asked as he walked upto the alcohol counter.

"Yes we should... After you tell me who the hell are you and how do you look just like Morin ?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 347: The clever old man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Vane immediately froze as he looked at Trody and couldn’t understand how he uncovered his disguise.

’How the fuck did he even find out that he is not the real Morin ? He is not even that strong then how ?’ Leon thought as he pulled out the Nyxter from his pocket.

"You can also come out of the room, I can sense you as well." Trody spoke as he talked to Leon.

*Click*

Leon walked out of the room with a neutral expression on his face and looked at Trody.

"So... I am assuming my friend Morin is not alive anymore and this guy works for you." Trody asked as he took a sip of the alcohol and looked at Leon.

"Both of your assumptions are right. Now, how about you tell me why a weak guy like you can sense my presence and tell that he is not the real Morin ?" Leon asked with a curious expression.

"My right eye... It’s a blessed artifact. My father got it from a dungeon now instead of using it on his own, that bastard pulled my out and fitted this.

You can see how it’s a little shiny than the other one." Trody spoke with a calm expression as he pointed towards his left eye.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill on his eye.

<Inspect>

[Name: Three eyed raven’s Eye]

[Rank: C]

[Description: A very special artifact that can only be obtained after slaying the boss named {Three eyed raven} that is found in an A-ranked dungeon’s most bottom floor. Dropping chances of this artifact are 1-3% only.

Once planted inside someone’s eye socket, this eye will be activated and removal of the eye, will destroy it immediately. The user can see past illusions, walls, spells and lies.]

"That’s an interesting eye to have... Not only past illusions but you can also see through walls, spells and lies as well." Leonn spoke with a smile.

"You have excellent eyes as well I guess, mister ?" Trody asked with a smile.

"The name is Leon Luster." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Ah... Nice to meet you mister Luster. I am surprised that you made it back from that floor underneath." Trody spoke as he stood up, walked upto Leon and raised his hand for a handshake.

Leon grabbed his hand and shaked while keeping his guard up.

"So many defensive and offensive spells ready to launch if I did something wrong. Don’t worry, I am powerless other than my eye, Mr. Luster. Merely an observer." Trody replied with a neutral expression.

"So... Now that you know I have killed your bestfriend, what are you going to do ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Well, first of all... He wasn’t my bestfriend, someone I worked with. Second of all, I am pretty sure you had a very good reason to kill him... Did he try to throw on the stairs of the floor underneath ?" Trody asked.

"That’s correct, but I have this trait that I crawl out of traps and then I kill those who betrayed me." Leon replied with a smile.

"Eh... I told him not to do that but he doesn’t listen to me. He did this with every newcomer who didn’t bend to his will." Trody spoke with a neutral expression.

"You didn’t try to stop him ?" Leon asked.

"He is too powerful and he always threatened to wipe out all the humans from this kingdom, if I ever revealed his secret to anyone." Trody replied.

"Well, looks like he got wiped first. Now, it’s upto you... What are you going to do ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"Since it’s your game, why don’t you tell me the rules first and I will keep in mind to not break them." Trody replied with a smile.

"You are one clever old man, huh ?"

"It’s something I have learned while observing the world but I still can’t understand... How did you came back from the stairs, no one can use magic on those stairs." Trody asked with a curious expression.

"Don’t worry about that... Since Morin is no longer alive you will be the king of this kingdom. Do whatever you want, I don’t really care but I have some girls in my eyes that I want to fuck before I leave.

So you will be sending them to my room. You understand ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"As you wish, Sir. So... Should I spread the news that my dear elf friend has died ?" Trody asked with a smile.

"You are one smart old man really, but I don’t have a body to give you. You will need to take care of that yourself." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Don’t worry, we bury bodies in boxes anyway. I will get some of my men to bring a big wooden box." Trody replied.

’Hmm... This guy is very clever. He knows that he can’t win in a fight against me that’s why he decided to join me and since he will now get the full control over this kingdom, that’s two birds with one stone.’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

"Do whatever you want but remember... Betraying me will get you in a box, Trody Tanner." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked directly into Trody’s eyes.

"I will not disappoint you, Sir. We are both humans after all, why would I betray you when you are giving me the control of this kingdom in return ?" Trody replied with a smile.

"Good, Good. You can leave now." Leon ordered with a neutral expression.

"Yes, Sir." Trody spoke as he started walking towards the exit door but he stopped and turned around.

"Hmm...?" Leon looked at him with a confused expression.

"Thank you Mr. Leon... I was waiting for someone like you to come for a long time." Trody spoke as he opened the gate and exited the house immediately.

"Smart guy." Leon replied with a smile.

"Master...?" Suddenly Dusk’s voice came from behind.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned around and noticed that dusk was awake and he was sitting near the alcohol counter in his cat form.

"Dusk... You are up, good good. Let’s go and have a talk with that world tree, I have some questions that you will be asking him." Leon ordered.

"As you command master."

<Summoner’s Pocket>

As soon as Leon used this skill, the Malebolge disappeared instantly.

’Litreally carrying thirteen psychotic motherfuckers in a pocket.’ Leon thought as a smile appeared over his face.

After this both of them jumped out from the house’s back window and started walking towards the Kingdom’s exit gate.

"Master... If you don’t mind, can I ask you something ?" Dusk spoke in a curious tone.

"Shoot." Leon replied with a smile.

"Can you tell me what happened inside that hot chamber and how you made an SS-rank monster your friend ?" Dusk asked.

"Hmm... Well, sure since we are walking anyway. So what happened was..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 348: THIRD-PARTY KING
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside Lesrath’s room, five hours ago...

Lesarath swung his diamond punch at Kumigano’s tail with full power and a loud explosion tore through the air.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

...

As the dust settled, Lesarath stood tall over Kumigano, who lay on the ground barely breathing, his tail completely shattered.

"BHAAAAAAAANNNNNNNN..." Lesarath shouted as he raised his hand, the diamond covering his right fist slowly reforming into the shape of a spear.

He raised it high and brought it down with full speed.

*SWISHHHH*

"NOOOOOO!" Leon’s voice rang out as he appeared directly over Kumigano’s body in an instant.

Lesarath’s hand halted. He took a step back, staring at Leon with a puzzled expression.

’What is it thou art doing? I must slay Kumigano lest he recover ere long. Step away from his body!’

"You asked why I was helping you..." Leon spoke, his expression dead serious. "Here’s your answer. I want to kill Kumigano."

’Thou wishest to slay Kumigano? But how canst thou hope to slay him with that small vessel of thine?’

"I’ll take care of that. I did you a favour by healing you now it’s time to pay the favour back."

Leon reached into his inventory and pulled out a leather bag without another word. He walked up to Kumigano’s face and glanced back at Lesarath.

"Can you open its mouth?"

Lesarath said nothing. He simply reached down and forced Kumigano’s jaw open with both hands.

*Stretch—*

"Good." Leon smiled. "Last dinner, motherfucker. Open wide."

He flipped the bag upside down into Kumigano’s open mouth.

Thousands of wooden beads — each one enchanted with a complete six-hundred-layer Blast Seal — poured in all at once.

’What is it thou art doing? Is that poison within that small pouch of thine? For Kumigano cannot be slain by poison alone.’

"It’s not poison." Leon replied as he emptied the bag completely and began walking away. "Don’t worry. Though this is around an hour of my work, I never thought I’d dump in one place like this."

He paused and looked back at Lesarath.

"You can let go of its mouth now and move back. The explosion could be massive — I’ve never tested this many together before."

Lesarath stepped back without question, watching from a distance. Ready to slay Kumigano if he survives.

Leon slipped behind a sturdy obsidian mountain and his heartbeat began to spike.

’In most RPGs, whoever lands the last hit on a monster gets the experience points... and if that holds true here,’

His hand clenched tight.

’I’m looking at an ocean of experience points.’

He exhaled slowly.

"Kaboom."

*ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

....

The explosions were deafening. The ground shook without stopping for two full minutes, and a blinding light swallowed everything in Leon’s vision.

When it finally faded and the trembling stopped, Leon slowly opened his eyes. A sharp ringing hammered inside his ears, over and over.

*Ting — Ting — Ting — Ting — Ting—*

Then the windows came. Hundreds of them, flooding his vision all at once.

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

[Congratulations! You have Leveled Up!]

...

...

....

"It worked..." Leon whispered as a wide smile appeared over his face. Then it hit him all at once.

"FUCKING HELL IT WORKEDDDDD! FUCK YESSSSSS!" He shouted loudly.

[You have received the Title: {Third-Party King}]

---

[Title: Third-Party King]

[Rank: S]

[Description: This title activates automatically when you enter a situation as a third party. If both fighting parties drop below 50% HP, all your damage against them increases by 800% for thirty seconds.]

[Note: Title only functions when both fighting parties are a minimum of 100 levels above the host.]

---

"Third-Party King... that’s a cool title." He muttered. Then it hit him. "Wait — what level am I even at? Status."

A window snapped open in front of him.

---

[Name: Leon Luster]

[Class: Dark Summoner]

[Race: Human (79%)]

[Level: 125]

[Mana: 250,000 / 250,000]

[HP: 128,000 / 128,000]

[Skills:

[Skill Crafter (D)], [Inspect (A)], [Adaptive Body (SSS)], [Minor Healing (D3)], [Trap (D)], [Inventory (D6)], [Blind Spot (D)], [Touch of Lust (D4)], [Loose Grip (D)], [Adrenaline Rush (D)], [Lustful Thoughts (D)], [Glitch Point (D)], [Reverberate (D1)], [Mana Thread (D)], [Life Steal (D)], [Leeching Aura (D)], [Mana Return (D)], [Efficient Breathing (D)], [Core Bonding (D)], [Dungeon Master (D)], [Silent Steps (D)], [Blast Seal (D)], [Focused Reading (D)], [Data Manager (D)], [Mimic (D)], [Bluff (D)], [Lust Bite (D)], [Pain’s Recovery (D)], [Compass of Heart (D)], [Multi-Cast (D)], [Instant Kill (D)], [Feather Weight (D)], [Sixth Sense (D)] +18 more.]

Titles:

{Dungeon Master}

{Goblin Slayer}

{Favour of Fairies}

{Third-Party King}

---

"Holy fucking shit... Level 125."

His eyes went wide.

’Thou art stronger than thou appear... Might I have the pleasure of knowing thy name?’ Lesarath’s voice drifted into his head.

"Leon. Leon Luster." He replied, keeping his expression flat.

’Well done in slaying Kumigano, Leon Luster. I, Lesrath, wouldst bestow upon thee a reward worthy of thy deeds.’

Lesarath turned and began walking away.

Leon stepped out from behind the obsidian mountain. His eyes swept over what remained of Kumigano. The face was completely obliterated from the blast, but the rest of the enormous body was still intact.

"Wait... is that—?"

A small white light hovered directly above Kumigano’s corpse, faint but unmistakable.

"Hahaha... That soul fragment is mine."

He sprinted toward it at full speed. The moment he got close, its glow surged brighter.

<Soul Collector>

The fragment was drawn in instantly.

"Nexus. I just sent in another soul fragment — tell me about it."

’Hmm... This is a very strong soul fragment. It will be really hard to turn it into one of your soul realm’s guards, but I will try my best.’

"Good." Leon’s smile widened as his eyes drifted back to the massive carcass. "In the meantime, I’ll make use of the body."

<Summons of Darkness>

---

Back to present—

"So... not only did you make friends with an SS-rank monster, you also killed one master?"

Dusk stared at him, equal parts shocked and impressed.

"That’s why your aura was completely different when you walked out of that room."

"Well, yeah." Leon shrugged with a grin. "Though I’d say it was a mutual effort. I just stole his kill. Hehe."

Their steps slowed as they reached the base of the World Tree.

"What should I ask it, master?" Dusk looked up at it, uncertain.

"Ask it..." Leon replied, his gaze fixed on the tree, "...if there’s any way to take it to the dungeon’s exit without actually carrying it in my hands."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 349: Traversal Bubble
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It says there is a way master." Dusk replied as he looked at Leon.

"What is it ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"The tree says it can shrink down to a plant and then we can carry it." Dusk replied.

"Tell it to shrink into a plan right now, I have to try something." Leon ordered.

"Yes, master."

Dusk conveyed the message to the tree and it’s long branches started shrinking immediately.

It’s thick trunk also started to shrink down and in just a few seconds, the huge tree transformed back into it’s plant form, that was barely twenty centimetres tall.

Leon walked upto the plant and touched one of it’s leaf as he activated his skill.

<Inventory>

[Error: You can’t store the particular item inside the inventory, since it’s a living thing.]

’As I thought, the inventory considers it as living being.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

"Okay... we need something to carry it in. A flower pot or something. Guess we will have to get one from there." Leon spoke with a neutral expression as he turned around to look at the kingdom.

"Master... Look." Dusk spoke as he pointed towards the world tree.

In just a few seconds the plant formed a flower pot around itself that was made out of solid wood.

"Well... That’s good enough." Leon spoke as he immediately picked up the plant from the ground and both of them started walking back towards the kingdom.

"Master... Where will we be going from ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Lesarath said that there is an exit on the seventh floor. So we will going to the seventh floor." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"But master... How are we going to go past the second floor ? It’s too hot for me and I don’t think the world tree can survive inside that enviornment either." Dusk replied.

"Yeah, I am still thinking on how I can protect the two of you from the heat of that room." Leon replied with as he started thinking something.

’Hmm... I do have an idea in my mind, let’s see if it works.’ Leon thought as he immediately activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Traversal Bubble"

[Skill ’Traversal Bubble’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"When used this skill will create two big spherical bubbles made out of mana around the target, one bubble will be inside the other one and there will be clean vaccume in between them. The outer bubble will have a mirror like surface."

[Processing....]

’Heat is energy and it always needs a medium to travel through. So, if I created a vacuum between the two bubbles it will block heat completely but radiation can still travel through so I tried to make the outer bubble mirror like in order to reflect it.

But the limitations are too much... the oxygen can run out, there is a chance that extreme heat can press down on the vaccume slowly and break the bubble as well. It’s just a makeshift skill to get their asses to the other side without dying. Dusk should be able to hold his breath for sometime and the plant can survive just fine.’

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Traversal Bubble}.]

"Bubble." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

[Chant ’Bubble’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated, 1000 mana/use.]

[Note: This skill will also cost 1000 mana/second until it’s turned off.]

’Hmm... System added another condition to it but it’s not that bad, so I will accept it.’

[Cooldown has been calculated, 1 minute after every use.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it ?]

"Learn it." Leon replied in a low voice.

[Congratulations ! You have learned the skill {Traversal Bubble} Successfully.]

"Dusk... Just stand there for a second. I am going to cast a skill on you." Leon ordered.

"Yes, Master." Dusk replied as he stood in front of Leon.

Leon raised his hand towards dusk and spoke in a low voice, "Bubble."

<Traversal Bubble>

As soon as he casted the skill, Dusk was covered in a mirror like ball and nothing was visible from the outside.

"Dusk... Try moving." Leon ordered but dusk didn’t do anything.

"Dusk, I said try to- Ah."

’Fuck, I am a fucking idiot, there is vacuum between us. He can’t hear my voice.’ He thought with a neutral expression.

Without wasting another second, Leon stopped the spell and the ball disappeared immediately.

"Hmm...?" Dusk looked at Leon with a confused expression.

"What was is it like inside ? Was it dark ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"No master... I was able to see you perfectly clear." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"Huh...? How is that possible ? The light is being reflected from the surface, you shouldn’t be able to see anything." Leon spoke in a low voice as he started thinking once again.

"Master... Look, some people are coming here." Dusk spoke as he looked at the Kingdom’s gate.

"Hmm...?" As soon as Leon turned around he noticed that many men were walking out of the Kingdom’s gate with sad expressions and in the front some of them were holding a large coffin.

"That guy is really fast with the funeral huh ?" Leon spoke with a smile.

"Master should we head to the second floor ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"No, I am not going anywhere until I fuck those juicy milfs, I mean they are being wasted in here. It’s a shame I can’t bring them out with me but I can sure as hell fuck them to my heart’s content and that’s what I am going to do tonight." Leon thought as a wide perverted smile appeared over his face.

"Umm... What should I do then, master ?" Dusk asked with a confused expression.

"Here... Take the plant and go near the second floor’s entrance. I will be there in fiver or six hours, until then you guys talk to each other or sleep or I don’t know whatever you want to do." Leon spoke as he placed the plant over Dusk’s head.

"As you command, Master." Dusk replied as he immediately started walking towards the second floor’s entrance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 350: LAST RISE: TIDAL DRIFT
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In front of the Sephir Kingdom,

Two men lowered a coffin into a six feet deep hole and started covering it slowly with the soil.

Meanwhile Trody stood on a big rock, holding a small diary in his hands.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, Today... We have lost a really beloved and dear member of this kingdom and we can’t help but cry.

My heart is heavy from this loss and I can’t explain how much it hurts me to bid farewell to such a dear friend of mine, but Morin will always live in our hearts and memories." Trody spoke as he noticed Leon standing behind the crowd with a smirk on his face.

"Please say some words in his honour... I will step down now." Trody spoke as he took a step-back and walked down from the rock.

"Sir Trody... Can I say some words ?" A beastkin woman asked with a sad expression.

"Ah... Rika, sure sure. Please go ahead." Trody spoke as he walked all the way back to Leon.

"Sir... Something wrong ?" Trody asked in a low voice as he looked at Leon.

Both of them walked away from the crowd slowly.

"I don’t have much time to waste, you will send all three women to my room after this funeral thing is over." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he turned around and stared at Rika.

She had huge boobs, and they were poured into a criminally small, laced bodice that was completely losing the battle against her massive, juicy titts. The flimsy leather cords strained to their absolute limit, digging deep into her soft skin as her incredibly heavy breasts spilled wildly over the top. With every shaky, sobbing breath she took, her huge rack heaved and jiggled heavily, looking like it was going to burst right out of the tight fabric at any second.

Below her narrow waist, a skimpy, tattered loincloth did absolutely nothing to hide her thick thighs and her huge, impossibly plump ass cheeks.

"I will take her and two of them..." Leon spoke as he pointed towards Rika and two busty milfs that were standing right next to their husbands and kids.

"Any elf women prefrences ?" Trody asked with a smile.

"No, I don’t see any busty elf MILFs here, they are all really skinny. Just get those three to Morin’s house as soon as possible and I will leave after fucking them." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"As you say, Sir." Trody replied with a smile.

"How did you even convince them that Morin is dead without even showing the body ?" Leon asked with a confused smile.

"It’s not a big thing, Sir. You only need to make one of them believe and rest will follow." Trody replied with a smile.

"Looks like this kingdom is going to flourish under your command." Leon spoke as his smile grew wider.

"I will try my best, Sir. Please head to Morin’s house and wait, women will be sent there shortly but I do have one request." Trody spoke with a neutral expression.

"What ?"

"This ceremony will go on for another six or seven hours, I would appreciate it if you can stop them from escaping the house once you start to have sex with them.

Because if anyone of them came back-"

"Don’t worry, I will also try my best." Leon spoke as he cut him in the middle.

"Thank you, Sir."

"I will be waiting in Morin’s house." Leon spoke as he turned around and started walking towards the Kingdom.

....

After walking for about ten minutes, Leon reached in front of Morin’s house and entered inside.

He then walked into the inner room and laid down on the bed but as soon as Leon closed his eyes, a fresh and cold breeze of air hitted his face.

"Hmm...?" As soon as he opened his eyes, Leon noticed that instead of the bed he was now on a beach and cold water of the ocean washed his feet.

"Congratulations... Kid." Suddenly a familiar voice came from behind.

"Hmm...?" Leon turned around and noticed the white fox sitting on a chair behind him a smile on his face.

"White fox... Congratulations for what ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"On unlocking the first form of Last Rise." White fox spoke with a smile as he stood up and walked upto Leon.

"Huh... So that’s why I didn’t felt any pain in my arm when I used the technique back then, but how is that possible ? I haven’t even practiced it two thousand times ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"You might’ve discovered it by mistake or maybe it was a fluke, but you did. You see, Last Rise is a very ancient technique forged by some of the greatest minds in the history of swordsmenship.

Last Rise doesn’t force you to practice it again and again... If you would’ve repeated the technique ten thousand times just like I told you, nothing would’ve happened.

You can keep practicing it for as long as you want and as many times as you want, but what you really needed to understand was that this technique is not about strength or endurance.

It’s purely built on focus and sheer will... That’s why on day I decided to free you from that monster tree’s grasp, because your will was unbreakable.

Today when you casted that technique, you used focus and will... That’s why you performed the first stance without any problems." White fox explained.

"Why didn’t you tell me that before I started training that technique ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I am not allowed to teach you anything... I am only allowed to show you the seven stance of the techniques." White fox replied with a smile.

"Who is stopping you from telling ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"I also can’t tell you that." White fox replied.

"So... Why have you pulled me in here ? Are you going to show me the second form or what ? Because if not, some girls are coming over that I really need to fuck." Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Haha... Fine Fine... I won’t hold you for much." White fox spoke as he disappeared into the thin air.

"What the-?" Leon started speaking but stopped in the middle as he turned around and noticed white fox walking over the ocean water, holding a silver bladed sword in his hand.

Suddenly the air stopped flowing and everything fell silent.

Leon focused on White fox with a serious expression.

"LAST RISE..." White fox spoke as he raised his sword and holded it over his head vertically.

"... SECOND FORM: TIDAL DRIFT." He spoke as he slowly started to bring the sword down but as soon as the sword reached halfway down, Leon noticed something strange.

White fox was moving towards him with an incredible speed but his legs and body were completely still, not a single movement was visible with naked eyes.

"Fucking-"

*SLASH*

Before Leon’s mind could’ve processed what was happening, White fox was already standing in front of him, his blade coming down at Leon’s throat.

*THUD*

With one clean strike he chopped off Leon’s head and placed the blade back into it’s sheath.

*Click*

"As calm and deadly as water." White fox spoke with a neutral expression.

....

"What the fuck...!!!?" Leon woke up and immediately placed his hand on his neck, only to notice that it was completely intact.

[Congratulations ! You have successfully unlocked {Last Rise Second Form: Tidal Drift}]

[Last Rise: Tidal Drift (0/50000)]

"Fucking hell... How was he even moving like that ?" Leon asked as he immediately dismissed the notification.

*Knock-Knock*

"Excuse me... We are here to help with the cleaning, anyone here ?"

[Note: Thanks to Agrona0 and Onituski for the gifts.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 351: Lady Charmer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside Morin’s house, three mature, undeniably voluptuous women stood shifting on their feet. Sadness clouded their beautiful features, though it did little to diminish the sheer allure of their heavy, bountiful curves.

*Knock-Knock*

"Excuse me... We are here to help, is anyone here?" Rika called out, raising a delicate hand to knock on the heavy gate once again.

But before her knuckles could graze the wood, the gate swung open.

*Click.*

"Yes? How can I help you lovely ladies?" Leon asked, a warm, inviting smile spreading across his lips as his gaze quickly appraised Rika and the trio of incredibly busty-looking MILFs.

"Umm... Hi. We are here to help you clean the house," Rika explained, trying to maintain a neutral expression despite her teary eyes. "Sir Trody sent us. He said you would be moving in, and as a newcomer, you might need a hand."

"Ah... Yes, yes. You are absolutely right, please come in," Leon replied, stepping aside with a gracious smile. "I am the new guy moving in."

"I am sorry we are crying..." Rika murmured, a delicate sniffle escaping her. "It’s just... we were quite attached to Elder Morin."

"Oh, no, no. Please don’t apologize," Leon said softly, his voice dripping with honeyed sympathy. "I understand your pain completely... Would you like to hug it out?"

"What? But... w-we are married women," the green-haired MILF stammered, her cheeks dusting with a hesitant pink as she looked at Leon.

"It’s not like I am trying to do something wrong with you," Leon purred, his eyes locked onto hers. "I am just trying to console you. Hugging someone really helps, you know? It helps you process your sadness, and-" Before Leon could even finish his sentence, Rika surrendered to her grief.

She stepped forward and wrapped her arms tightly around Leon, her plush, heavy boobs mashing firmly against his solid chest, the soft flesh yielding and flattening under the pressure.

’Oh my god... This bitch has such soft fucking boobs, it’s like my chest is being pressed against a giant marshmallow.’ Leon thought as he rolled his eyes slowly and tightly hugged her back, pressing her boobs into his chest even more.

"See... It feels good to be hugged," Leon spoke with a gentle, reassuring smile, looking over Rika’s shoulder at the other two. "If not me, you can hug her from behind. It will be like a big group hug."

The remaining two women exchanged a deeply hesitant glance. Slowly, they closed the distance and wrapped their arms around Rika, but the tight quarters meant their soft hands and warm bodies inevitably brushed against Leon’s broad shoulders.

"Remis..." Leon whispered in a low voice as his skill got activated instantly.

<Touch Of Lust>

Instantly, a potent, electric shock of pure, carnal arousal surged through the women’s bodies. A sudden, intense wave of heat pooled directly between their thighs, causing all three of them to gasp and shiver uncontrollably.

The intoxicating spike of pleasure was too much; the two women in the back immediately jerked away, their breath hitching as their knees turned weak. Rika felt the exact same rush of wet, overwhelming desire, but rather than pulling away, her soft body melted against his chest for a lingering, heavy second before she finally managed to step back.

"U-Umm... I guess we will get to the cleaning," Rika breathed out, her chest heaving as she tried to compose herself.

"Hey, you ladies never told me your names," Leon said, his smile widening knowingly as he watched them tremble.

"I-I am M-Myra," the green-haired MILF stammered, her face flushed a deep, feverish red as she avoided his gaze. "I-I am married, and I have two small kids, three and four years old."

Leon’s eyes trailed over Myra’s trembling figure. Though her ripe breasts were slightly smaller than Rika’s, they were still a wonderfully heavy handful, and the plump, inviting curve of her ass was thoroughly enticing.

"And what about you?" he murmured, shifting his predatory gaze to the raven-haired beauty.

"I-I am Lauren..." she replied, her voice quivering with lingering arousal. "I-I am also married, and I have a two-year-old boy."

Leon took her in with deep appreciation.

Lauren boasted a spectacular pair of heavy boobs that easily rivaled Rika’s, but her lower half was a true marvel. Her ass-cheeks flared out into an incredibly thick, luscious ass so massive and heavy that her modest skirt was stretched out, barely containing the plush flesh that jiggled mesmerizingly with her every nervous twitch.

"Well... Let’s start, you two can clean the inner bedroom, Me and Rika can clean this hall." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"Yes..." Lauren and Myra immediately started walking towards the room as Rika started walking towards the dinning table.

"Um... Can I ask you something ?" Rika asked as she turned to look at Leon.

"Yeah, sure." Leon replied as he picked up the plates from the table.

"I never told you my name... Then how did you ?"

"Ah right... I heard Trody say your name when you were giving that speech." Leon replied with a smile.

"Oh I see." Rika replied with an understanding expression.

"So, do you have a family ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"I have three kids but my husband died due to a serious illness three years ago." Rika replied with a neutral expression.

"Oh I am really sorry to hear that..." Leon spoke as he immediately walked upto Rika and gently grabbed her hand.

"Remis..."

<Touch Of Lust>

As soon as he grabbed her hand once again, another wave of arousal hitted Rika’s body and she closed her eyes and bit down on her lips tightly.

’W-What is happening with my body ? Everytime he gets close to me... I feel heat in stomach. A-Are my panties getting wet ?’ Rika thought as she slowly pulled her hand back from Leon’s hand.

"I-I will just go the bathroom and I will be back in a bit." Rika spoke as she immediately walked away.

’Huh... Fucking them like this will take years.’ Leon thought as he activated his skill.

<Skill Crafter>

[Please pick a name for the skill...]

"Aphrodisiac Pheromones."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 352: What is happening to my body ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Skill ’Aphrodisiac Pheromones’ has been created.]

[Rank has been settled to ’D’ by default.]

[State the use of skill.]

"Once used, this skill will release potent pheromones from the host’s body. These pheromones will carry an extraordinary concentration of aphrodisiac properties. The moment a females breathe them in, they will feel raw, uncontrollable sexual urges developing toward the host," Leon spoke, his voice low and deliberate.

[Processing....]

’It should work now that it’s a D-rank skill. I tried making this exact skill back when it was F-rank, but the system rejected it several times,’ he thought, keeping his expression perfectly neutral.

[Description has been accepted.]

[Please select the chant for the skill {Aphrodisiac Pheromones}.]

"Velmis," Leon commanded with a dark smirk.

It’s similar to ’Remis.’ Nice and easy to remember.

[Chant ’Velmis’ has been selected.]

[Estimated mana cost to use the skill has been calculated: 100 mana/use.]

[Cooldown has been calculated: 30 seconds after every use.]

[Skill will only release pheromones once per activation.]

[Would you like to learn the skill or Destroy it?]

"Hmm... Learn it," Leon replied, his voice remaining neutral.

[Congratulations! You have learned the skill {Aphrodisiac Pheromones} successfully!]

"Good... Now let’s test it out on these test-bitches." Leon muttered. He immediately turned on his heel and strode toward the bedroom.

As soon as he stepped through the doorway, his eyes narrowed. Myra and Lauren were standing by the edge of the mattress, staring down at a dark, unmistakable bloodstain on the corner of the bedsheets.

’Fuck...’ Leon cursed internally. Without missing a beat, he dug his fingernails violently into the palm of his right hand, slicing the skin just enough to draw fresh blood.

"Is something wrong, ladies?" he asked, plastering a flawlessly confused expression across his face.

"Oh... Sir Leon, w-we were just wondering... If Elder Morin died from a heart attack, then how come there is blood-" Myra started, her voice trembling slightly.

Leon cut her off, raising his freshly bleeding hand. "It’s mine. I accidentally got a little cut when I was lying on the bed earlier. I apologize for the mess. Velmis."

He dropped the chant in a low, almost inaudible whisper as he triggered the skill.

< Aphrodisiac Pheromones >

A heavy, invisible wave of pure, unfiltered lust exploded from his body. The pheromones flooded the room, and the second the scent hit Myra and Lauren’s lungs, both women shuddered violently as if struck by lightning.

"Anhhh~" A needy, wet moan tore from Lauren’s throat. Her thick thighs twitched uncontrollably as her knees buckled. She had to slam her hands down onto the mattress just to keep herself from collapsing, her heavy breasts heaving with sudden, ragged breaths.

Myra was hit just as hard. A vicious rush of boiling arousal tore through her veins, soaking her panties in an instant. But the she bit down hard on her lower lip, clamping her eyes shut as her body trembled, fighting a desperate, losing battle to keep her overwhelming horniness in check.

"Oh my, are you alright?" Leon asked, feigning deep concern as he closed the distance and stepped right up against Lauren.

He slid one hand firmly under her thick waist, feeling the heat radiating through her clothes, and used his other hand to gently grab hers.

’These stupid bitches have never been exposed to magic a single day in their miserable lives. That’s why my spell is hitting them twice as hard, utterly devastating their senses... and yet, their willpower hasn’t completely shattered.

I fucking love it. Hehehehehehe... I will break them so bad they won’t be able to look their kids and husband in eyes after today.’

Leon laughed evilly inside his own mind, absolutely reveling in their struggle.

"Remis."

<Touch Of Lust>

The second the skill fired, an unimaginable, scorching heat pooled directly between Lauren’s thick thighs. Her core throbbed relentlessly, dripping wet, as her entire body flushed a deep, feverish red.

It was as if Leon had driven a thick, searing nail of pure lust straight into her chest, and every second he touched her, that nail was hammered deeper and deeper into her very soul.

She looked up at him, her eyes glassy and completely blown out. Her mind was entirely clouded by the heavy, suffocating need to be bred; all rational judgment was wiped away.

Acting entirely on raw instinct, Lauren reached up, grabbing Leon’s face with both hands, and desperately dragged his mouth toward hers.

Myra stood just feet away, watching them. Her own mind was completely fogged by the pheromones. Instead of turning away in disgust, she found there was absolutely nothing in the entire fucking world she wanted to watch more than this.

"Are you sure about this, Miss-" Before Leon could even finish his mock, hesitant sentence, Lauren smashed her juicy, plump lips violently against his.

This was exactly what he was waiting for. Leon immediately yanked his hand from her waist, gripping her by the throat, and shoved her forcefully backward onto the bed.

He aggressively attacked her mouth, sucking hard on her bottom lip, tasting the raw desperation of a married woman completely breaking down.

*Suck-Suck*

*Chuuuuuuuu*

For the next two minutes, they devoured each other like starving, wild animals. Wet, sloppy kissing sounds echoed through the bedroom.

And the whole time, Myra stood frozen, watching them fuck each other’s mouths. She didn’t speak a single word. Her trembling hands had a vice grip on her own thick thighs, slowly, unconsciously inching their way up toward her own soaking wet pussy.

’W-What is happening to my body ? W-Why can’t I say anything to them ? L-Lauren has a husband and kid why isn’t she stopping ?

Why is she kissing a stranger like that for no reason ? No, I am asking the wrong question... I-I should be asking, Why I want to do the same ?’ Myra thought while looking down. Her eyes widened, as she noticed that her hand was rubbing against her pussy already and the pre-cum had already soaked throughout her panties and her skirt, making way to her fingers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 353: Run or Duck.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Morin’s House, inside the cramped bathroom...

*Splash!*

Rika threw cold water over her flushed face, gripping the edges of the sink as she stared into the tiny, cracked mirror hanging on the wall.

"What are you doing?" she whispered furiously to her reflection, her chest heaving. "You can’t feel like this for some random man who just stepped foot in the kingdom.

This is completely wrong, Rika. You are married, what if your husband is dead and you haven’t had sex in last 2 years. You need to control these dirty, shameful urges. It’s not even the breeding season... so do not let this stupid, heavy lust take over your body."

She took a deep, shuddering breath, forcing a mask of stern confidence over her beautiful features.

"Yes. Control your desires. You can easily do this." Squaring her shoulders, Rika walked out of the bathroom.

"Hmm...?"

As soon as she stepped into the hall, the forced confidence completely evaporated. Leon was nowhere to be seen, and the house was swallowed by an awkward, heavy silence.

"Mr. Leon?" Rika called out, her voice echoing slightly as she looked around in confusion.

*Chuuuu...*

*Suck-Suck...*

Suddenly, wet, incredibly sloppy sounds drifted out from the open bedroom door.

"Are you guys in he—"

The words died in her throat, completely suffocated by the sheer depravity of the scene unfolding on the bed.

Lauren was ruthlessly pinned beneath Leon. Her massive, heavy boobs were mashed completely flat against his solid chest, and they were devouring each other’s mouths like starving animals, sucking and biting at each other’s swollen lips.

"W-What is happening—" Rika stammered, but before she could even process the shock, her gaze snapped to the side. Her eyes widened to the size of saucers.

Myra was standing right next to the bed. But instead of trying to stop them, the green-haired MILF had her legs spread wide, aggressively grinding her fingers into her soaking wet pussy right through her skirt.

She was watching the two of them fuck each other’s mouths with wide, dangerously curious eyes, totally lost in the voyeuristic thrill.

"W-What the hell are you guys doing?! Get away from her at once!" Rika shrieked, her moral compass finally kicking in. She marched right up to Leon and angrily grabbed his shoulder.

But Leon’s skill was still completely active from his last use.

<Touch Of Lust>

"Oh my goddddd..." Rika gasped, her eyes instantly rolling to the back of her head. The lingering magic bypassed her brain entirely and slammed straight into her womb.

A violent, explosive burst of raw arousal detonated inside her, and her panties were instantly flooded.

*Squirt!*

’D-Did I... did I just squirt from barely touching him?’ Rika panicked internally, violently squeezing her thick thighs together to trap the embarrassing wetness dripping between her legs.

"Hmm?" Leon immediately ripped his mouth away from Lauren’s and casually stood up.

"N-No... I want moreeeee~" Lauren whined, a filthy, needy moan escaping her thoroughly kissed lips as she desperately reached up, grasping at empty air to pull him back down.

"She was the one who pulled me in for the kiss. Myra can testify for me, right, Myra?" Leon asked, his voice entirely too calm as he turned to look at the green-haired woman who was still aggressively fondling herself.

"H-Huh? Y-Yes... H-He is telling the truth," Myra panted, her fingers pausing against her dripping slit.

"Lauren p-pulled him in for the kiss first... and then..." As Myra helplessly stammered out the explanation, Leon’s lips curled into a wicked smirk as he activated his skill once again.

"Velmis..."

< Aphrodisiac Pheromones >

A second, utterly suffocating wave of pure, unfiltered lust exploded from his body, slamming into all three women simultaneously.

"Anhhh~!" Myra threw her head back and squealed, her face flushing a deep, feverish crimson as she squeezed her eyes shut. The pheromones were too much. Thick drops of slick pre-cum seeped completely through the cotton of her panties, falling freely to the floor.

*Drop... Drop...*

"Please~ I need moreee~" Lauren begged in a husky, broken whimper, her hands coming up to roughly grope and squeeze her own plumpy boobs since Leon wasn’t doing it.

’Hehehe... This is so much fucking fun,’ Leon thought, a dark, sadistic laugh echoing in his mind.

He turned his head, his predatory gaze locking onto Rika. The authoritative woman who had just scolded them was now violently shaking, her trembling legs barely able to support her heavy, aching body.

"Well, are you alright?" Leon purred, reaching out and firmly clamping his hand over Rika’s shoulder.

< Touch Of Lust >

"Anhhh~!" Rika shrieked, her hips bucking forward uncontrollably as another filthy gush of hot liquid blasted from her pussy, soaking her just like Myra.

*Squirt!*

"Aren’t you three just completely horny little sluts?" Leon mocked, his cruel, knowing smile widening as he looked between Rika and Myra. "Moaning and squirting like a pack of bitches in heat right in front of a man who just moved in?"

"W-We aren’t h-horny...!" Myra desperately tried to defend her ruined dignity, shaking her head while viciously pressing her slick thighs tightly together to stop the dripping. "T-This is happening because of you... E-Every time we touch you or are around you, we feel it..."

"Hmm... You are actually right," Leon confessed effortlessly, dropping the innocent act entirely. "It is happening because of me. To be perfectly honest... I am using magic to keep you bitches in heat."

Their eyes widened, but they were too horny to even process the betrayal.

"Every single time I use my spell, you will feel an enormous, mind-breaking amount of lust flooding your bodies," Leon whispered darkly.

"Let me show you again... Velmis."

< Aphrodisiac Pheromones >

"Anhhh~!"

"My pusssy feels funnnnyyyyy~" Lauren giggled wetly from the bed, her mind completely shattered by the lusty trance, reduced to nothing more than a mindless, breeding mare.

"Anhhhhhh~ Y-You can’t d-do this~ W-We aren’t- Anhhh~" Rika sobbed, shoving both of her hands desperately between her thick thighs, violently mashing against her own crotch just to keep her swollen pussy from completely exploding with lust.

Leon looked down at the three broken, dripping married women, an utterly evil smile stretching across his face.

"Hey... do you bitches want to play a game? It’s going to be really fun, I call it Run or Fuck." Leon spoke with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 354: The Three Golden Rules
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So... You guys wanna play the game or not? Because if you don’t do it, I am going to keep doing exactly what I am doing right now," Leon sneered, his smile dripping with absolute dominance.

"W-We aren’t playing your sick games... w-we are leaving this house right—" Before Rika could even finish her sentence, Leon’s voice cut through her defiance like a blade.

"Velmis..."

<Aphrodisiac Pheromones>

Another heavy, suffocating wave of pure, concentrated lust exploded from his body, filling the cramped bedroom.

*Thud-Thud!*

"Anhhhh~!"

"Oh my god... Anhhh~!"

Both Rika and Myra collapsed straight to the floor, their trembling legs completely giving out under the sheer, unexpected weight of the arousal.

On the other side of the room, Lauren was completely lost to the trance; she had already aggressively hitched her skirt up to her waist and was furiously rubbing her dripping pussy, her face totally red from the intense heat of her own lust.

"You don’t play my game, I will just fuck you straight up right here on the floor. But if you win my game... you will actually be able to go back to your homes without being stretched out. I will take back the magic, and you will be able to look into your husbands’ and kids’ eyes without feeling an ounce of guilt," Leon spoke, his voice low and predatory as he looked down at Rika and Myra.

"W-What is the... stupid game?!" Myra gasped out in pure, burning frustration, one hand desperately crushing her heavy, aching breasts while the other clamped down hard between her soaked thighs.

"Good, good... now that’s a good girl who knows how to obey and play the game. It looks like only the two of you will be participating anyway, since this one over here seems way too busy playing with her wet kitty," Leon mocked, casually pointing toward Lauren’s twitching, masturbating body near the bed.

"J-Just tell us the... Game," Rika hissed, her knuckles turning white as she glared at Leon with an volatile mix of rage and blinding horniness.

"Awww... Did I hurt your precious emotions? Fine, fine, I won’t take up any more of your time. Let’s get straight to it. The game is incredibly simple: all you need to do is get out of this house. If you can make it outside, you win. No, let me make it even simpler for you, if you can just touch the exit door, you win," Leon explained with a dark smirk.

"T-That’s it?" Myra asked, her clouded, lust-fueled mind grasping at the sudden lifeline.

"Come on, darling... how could that be it? There is absolutely no fun in the game if you don’t listen to the rules. There are only three rules to this one." Leon paused, letting the anticipation build.

"First rule—you have to get to the exit door entirely on all fours. If you stand up from the ground even an inch, you will get defeated and you will be instantly fucked right on the spot by me."

"Second rule... you see that thick drool of pre-cum dropping out of your desperate pussies? If even a single drop of that wet juice hits the floorboards, the result will be the exactly same... you get fucked on the spot."

"Third and last rule... my personal favorite. You will do all of this while holding these tightly in your mouths." Leon smiled evilly, pulling two thick wooden spoons straight out of his pocket. "...and if you drop them from your lips, you will get instantly fucked on the spot obviously by me."

"Y-Y-You... are you completely out of your mind?!" Rika choked out, her body shivering. "What kind of sick, depraved thinking do you have?! We are older than you, we are married women, and-"

"Velmis."

<Aphrodisiac Pheromones>

*Squirt-Squirt!*

The raw magic forced their fluids out instantly.

Both of them squirted right on the spot, their bodies bucking violently against the floorboards as they did their absolute best to clamp their lips shut and swallow their moans.

"Mnff~!"

"Mnnnhh~!"

"Well...? Are you going to play, or are you just going to keep squirting like a couple of pathetic bitches in heat? Because I can easily just fuck you like this as well. I am being such a nice guy for offering you a way out, yet you don’t seem interested in taking it."

"F-Fine... w-we will do it," Myra whimpered, her resistance completely cracking as her face burned with a deep, systemic red from the utter shame.

"I-I will participate as well..." Rika choked out, finally abandoning her pride as she immediately dropped her heavy body down onto all fours.

*Thud*

"Good girls... Here are your spoons. Place them deep inside your mouths and start crawling toward the door—without letting a single drop of your pre-cum hit the floor." Leon grinned, forcefully stuffing a wooden spoon into each of their trembling mouths. "Now... let’s start. Both of you, come and stand right in front of this bedroom doorway."

With heavy hesitation and intense humiliation swimming in their eyes, both women dragged their bodies onto all fours, positioning themselves at the threshold of the room.

"Perfect... Now, you will start the exact second I clap my hands, okay ?" Leon said, raising his hands high above them.

*CLAP!*

"GO." The moment the sound echoed, Myra and Rika began to crawl forward with agonizing slowness. Their entire focus was locked on clenching their pelvic muscles, desperately squeezing their thick thighs together to trap the heavy, pooling wetness inside their drenched underwear.

"Oh, right... how can I referee properly without looking?" Leon mused aloud.

He stepped up right behind them and ruthlessly flipped both of their skirts up over their backs, completely revealing two massive, juicy, unbelievably plump pairs of bare asses.

They were perfectly round and heavy, shaking and jiggling with every trembling crawl the women took. The sight of those exposed, mature cheeks caused Leon’s pants to tent instantly, his hard cock straining violently against the fabric.

’Fucking hell, this is going to be so much fun. I am going to fuck them so incredibly hard, they will never even want to sleep in the same beds with their husbands.’ he thought, a purely perverted smile spreading across his face.

"Mnhhhhhh..."

"Mnnffffff..."

Both women tried to scream at the violation, but they couldn’t open their jaws even a fraction without dropping the spoons and forfeiting their holes on the spot.

"You must be wondering why I lifted your skirts... It’s so I can make sure you aren’t cheating. The pre-cum will be perfectly visible to me the exact second it drops. Now, please continue."

Rika and Myra could only accept the absolute humiliation silently, their heavy hips swaying as they dragged themselves forward.

"Heh... Velmis. Remis." Leon whispered.

He activated both skills at the exact same time, slamming his large, warm hands tightly onto their bare, trembling ass-cheeks.

*SLAP-SLAP*

< Aphrodisiac Pheromones >

< Touch Of Lust >

*SQUIRTTTTT!*

[Note: Next Chapter at 50 power stones/10 golden tickets.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 355: You don’t leave friends behind
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Spank!*

A loud, heavy slap resounded through the hallway as Leon’s open palm cracked brutally against their bare, exposed ass-cheeks.

*SQUIRRRRT!*

"MNFFFFFFF~!"

"MNNNNNNHHHHH~!"

The impact sent deep, hypnotic ripples through their thick, plush flesh, but the raw, electric shock of pure arousal detonated straight into their lower bellies. Both MILFs squirted a fresh torrent of slick, hot pre-cum, but the tightly strained cotton of their panties desperately soaked up the moisture, barely trapping the fluid from spilling onto the floorboards.

They snapped their heads back, staring up at Leon with wide, burning, angry eyes.

"What? I am not going to go easy on you bitches," Leon chuckled darkly, his eyes drinking in the sight of their flushed, humiliated faces.

"If I don’t get to slide my cock inside your soaking wet pussies right this second, the least you can do is let me handle your juicy asses. I think that’s a perfectly fair deal. Keep moving."

The two married women exchanged a desperate, defeated glance before dragging themselves forward on all fours again.

’Hmm... What the fuck are these panties even made of? How are they containing this much fucking fluid ?’ Leon thought, utterly fascinated by their capacity. He leaned down, placing his heavy fingers directly against the crotches of both of their underwear, pressing deep into their soft, cushiony pussies as the wet flesh squirmed and throbbed helplessly beneath his touch.

"HMNNNNNN~!"

"MNNFFFFFFFF~!"

They froze in place, snapping their heads around to glare at him with pure, helpless fury once more.

"Mmm... your panties are absolutely drenched, ladies. They are right at their absolute liquid capacity," Leon purred with a wicked, evil grin.

"That means if either of you squirts even one more time, that hot juice is going to overflow and leak straight onto the floor. So, both of you better be very, very careful." As he spoke, he slowly slided his fingertips down, trapping their swollen, hyper-sensitive clits through the damp fabric and grinding his thumbs in slow, torturous circles.

Both of their backs arched violently into the air. Rika’s furry tail instantly broke out of her control, wagging and twitching frantically from side to side.

"Oh, would you look at that... even though you’re trying to act tough, your dirty little tail is completely giving you away. It’s practically begging me to keep rubbing your slutty pussy," Leon mocked. He slowly walked alongside them on his knees, keeping his fingers firmly planted against their crotches, relentlessly grinding their clits over their soaked underwear.

"Hmm... I wonder how these thick cheeks feel up close," Leon muttered darkly. He buried his face entirely between Rika’s massive, soft, and unbelievably plumpy ass-cheeks, rubbing his nose and lips against her smooth, trembling skin.

*Rub-Rub...*

"Ah... feels so fucking good," he groaned, burying his face deeper, inhaling her sweet, musk-filled scent as he manually grabbed her hips and shook her plump rear from side to side.

*Wiggle-Wiggle...*

’W-What the hell is he doing?!’ Rika’s mind screamed in an absolute panic. ’I’m completely drenched, and this bastard is rubbing his face all over my bare butt?! It’s so embarrassing... so why is my heart hammering against my chest like crazy? Why does it feel so good when he treats my body like that ?! Ahhh... I can’t take this. I have to reach the door... it’s right there!’

The heavy exit door was now within arm’s reach of both women.

"Well... I guess it’s time to bring this little game to an end. I can’t wait to rip these panties open and fuck your sweet asses any longer," Leon growled, standing up to his full height.

"Velmis."

< Aphrodisiac Pheromones >

The corrupt magic washed over them like a tidal wave of pure heat, obliterating whatever small shred of sanity Rika and Myra had left.

*Squirt-Squirt!*

Their lower backs arched instinctively as another heavy gush of pre-cum filled their underwear. A thick, heavy bead of wetness gathered right at the seam of their panties, trembling, ready to drop onto the floorboards at the slightest movement. Leon leaned down, pressing his lips right against Rika’s twitching ear.

"You know... if you give up right now, I’ll slide it into you first. I’ll fuck you so hard and so deep that you’ll feel my cock slamming right against the back of your womb," he whispered in a raw, gravelly tone.

"I’ll wrap my hand around your tail and pull it ruthlessly until you orgasm like a broken, mindless bitch. I’m going to make you come so hard you’ll never want to touch yourself again. All you have to do... is wiggle that fat ass and let that single drop of juice fall to the floor. The second it hits, I’ll rip your panties down, pin you to the floorboards, and pound you like a wild animal."

Rika stared ahead, her breathing ragged, her eyes completely glazed over. She knew that if she took even a single step forward, the trembling bead of moisture would fall. More than that, her desperate, aching pussy had been begging for a thick cock for the last twenty minutes.

"I’m going to give Myra the exact same option now," Leon smirked, stepping away. "You have ten seconds, Rika. And I’m pretty sure she’s going to crack before you do." He walked over to the green-haired MILF. "Hey, Myra, I have an offer for—"

*Thud.*

The heavy wooden spoon clattered against the floorboards. Both Leon and Myra snapped their heads back.

Rika had completely dropped the spoon. Her mouth was hanging open, her tongue lolling out and panting heavily, perfectly matching the frantic, eager wagging of her tail.

"I-I’m out... right?" Rika whimpered, her voice entirely broken by lust as she shoved her massive, round ass into the air, aggressively wiggling her heavy cheeks right in front of Leon’s crotch. "Y-You’re going to fuck me now... right? Please..." The deep flush on her face and the vacant, desperate look in her eyes made it glaringly obvious—the overwhelming heat had finally shattered her mind, and her basic, bitchy primal instincts had taken total control of her body.

’N-No... I’m right here. I’m so close to getting out of here...’ Myra thought, her heart pounding. The exit gate was literally right in front of her face, not even an arm’s length away. Shaking violently, she raised her hand to touch the wood and claim her freedom.

But her hand froze dead in the air as Leon’s deep, corrupt whisper crept into her ear from behind.

"You know... you could touch that gate and crawl back to your little family," Leon purred, his hot breath brushing against her neck. "But the friends you leave behind are going to get absolutely destroyed by my cock. And if you walk out of here with that dripping, pathetic pussy, do you think you will be able to satisfy yourself ? Besides... looking at how soaked you are, I highly doubt your husband has given you a proper fucking in a long, long time. If it’s real dick you want... here. Look at how big I have."

’Zip’

Leon opened his trousers and whipped his massive, monstrously thick cock out, slapping it right down in front of her flushed face. The sight of the huge, veiny beast rearing right before her eyes sent a violent, paralyzing shock wave straight through Myra’s entire body. Her mind went completely blank, and her trembling hand slowly, helplessly dropped away from the gate.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 356: Lauren
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

’I am Myra. I am twenty-seven years old this year. I was married at twenty, and I had my children back-to-back at twenty-one and twenty-two.

Ever since then, my husband has never even tried to touch me. No... it’s worse than that. He never looked at my body with even a shred of desire.

For the last five agonizing years, I’ve been locked away in empty rooms, desperately masturbating the second no one was home, crying out for a man with a massive, heavy cock because my husband’s tool is so pathetically small.

And now... it’s right here. It’s all coming true. This thick, monstrous cock hanging right in front of my face... it smells so intensely masculine. If that heavy head entered my pussy right now... I know I would completely lose my mind.

I will never be able to look my husband in the eyes again. I will never be able to face my children with the same maternal gaze... But if I don’t get my pussy fucked by that huge cock right this second, I will never be able to look at myself in the mirror again.’ Myra’s internal walls crumbled completely as she greedily inhaled the raw, musky scent of his dick, the heavy pheromones hitting her nostrils like a chemical lust bomb.

*Squirt*

*Drop...*

Her swollen walls bucked, and this time, the thick, clear pre-cum overflowed past her drenched panties, falling in a heavy drop straight onto the wooden floorboards.

"What a good, obedient little bitch you are," Leon purred, a dark, victorious smile stretching across his face. He stood up to his full height, casually stripping off every single piece of his clothing until he was entirely naked, his massive, veiny cock throbbing in the air.

"Now, how about the two of you bring those dripping pussies into the bedroom?" Without wasting a single second, both Myra and Rika trailed right behind his naked form, their minds completely wiped of dignity, their soaked slits getting slicker and hotter with every step they took.

The moment Leon stepped into the bedroom, his eyes flared with predatory hunger. A massive, bare ass was thrust high into the air on the center of the bed.

It was Lauren. She had completely stripped off her clothes, lying stark naked while flaunting her thick, heavy ass. She was ruthlessly drilling two fingers into her own plumpy, swollen pussy without a single hint of shame, her hips twitching erratically like a desperate bitch in absolute heat.

"Anhh~ Anhhh~ Anhhhh~..." a continuous stream of filthy, broken moans tore from her mouth as her fingers showed no mercy to her aching clit. Her walls were thick and dripping, oozing a steady puddle of slick pre-cum onto the sheets.

Leon’s instincts took total control. He strode over to the edge of the mattress, and without a shred of hesitation, he slapped her heavy ass-cheeks violently while grinding the thick, pre-cum-slicked tip of his cock against her dripping entrance.

*SLAP-SLAP!*

"ANHHH~ ANHHHH~!" Lauren shrieked, her body convulsing from the impact as she instantly yanked her fingers out, her hands desperately clawing at the bedsheets for support.

"You filthy, horny bitch... how the hell are you going to go back home and look your husband in the eye after this?" Leon mocked, delivering another heavy, stinging slap to her left cheek while aggressively teasing the wet rim of her pussy.

*SLAP!*

"ANHHH~!"

"Rubbing your wet slit in another man’s house like a stray bitch... do you want to get punished?" Leon whispered darkly, pressing the full, heavy weight of his hard cock tightly against her opening.

"Anhhhhh~ Yessss~! Please punish my pussy~! Please punish me really hard for cheating on my husbanddddd~! I am nothing but a filthy, cheating bitchhhh~!" Lauren screamed out loud, throwing all caution to the wind as she slammed her hips backward with all her strength, forcing Leon’s monstrous shaft straight into her tight, desperate walls.

’What the fuck?!’ Leon’s eyes widened as his cock was tightly clamped by her internal pussy walls. ’Her insides are so fucking tight even after having a kid?! It feels like I’m breaking into a fucking virgin.’

A dark grin spread across his face as he slowly, relentlessly buried the entire, massive length of his cock deep into her pulsing womb.

"ANNNNNHHHHHHHHH~! It feeeels so goooood~!" Lauren cried out in pure, mind-shattering pleasure. Her eyes rolled completely to the back of her head, her jaw slacking as her tongue lolled out of her mouth and her face turned into a hard ahegao expression.

Her knuckles turned white against the bedsheets as Leon began to rhythmically and ruthlessly pump his heavy cock into her tight pussy without a single pause.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP!*

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhhh~ oh~ Anhhh~ my god—Anhhh~ you are going—Anhhhh~ to tear my pusssy apartttt...! ANHHHHHH~!"

Leon showed her swollen, dripping hole absolutely no mercy, pounding into her with raw, animalistic fury, the wet, clapping sounds of their flesh echoing throughout the room.

"Oi, you... come here," Leon commanded, his voice deep and authoritative as he gestured toward Myra with his free hand while his lower half continued to abuse Lauren’s pussy.

"Y-Yes..." Myra whimpered, stepping closer to the bed without hesitation. Her naked body was completely flush with heat, and thick lines of pre-cum were openly dripping from her pussy straight onto the floor.

Leon reached out, wrapping his large hand tightly behind her neck, and yanked her down with brutal force, crushing his lips against hers like a savage beast. He devoured her mouth without wasting a single second, sucking hard on her plump lips. Before Myra could even process the raw intensity, Leon forced his tongue deep between her teeth, violently swirling and licking her mouth from the inside out.

’Ohhhh... this... this feels so incredible...’ Myra thought, her mind melting under the sheer dominance of the kiss. ’He is just ruthlessly using my body without holding back a single bit... unlike my pathetic husband who always begs for my permission just to touch me. It’s as if I am nothing but a mindless tool to him... He is literally fucking another woman right in front of me, but his tongue is fucking my mouth without stopping.’

Myra’s face burned a feverish, deep crimson. Her completely empty, neglected pussy began to violently twitch and clench around nothing, pouring out an even heavier torrent of slick fluid onto the floorboards.

On the other side of the bed, Lauren was experiencing absolute, depraved bliss. The harder Leon pounded into her pussy, the more his thick tip ruthlessly frictioned against her sensitive G-spot, pushing her right to the edge of a violent orgasm. But just as she was about to explode and squirt, Leon would completely withdraw his giant dick, teasingly tap it against her red, stinging ass-cheeks, and then plunge it right back in to ruin her pacing all over again.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP!*

"Anhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Yesss~! Please fuck—Anhhhh~ Me moreeeee! Anhhhhhhh~!" she thrashed and wailed like a broken animal, frantically wiggling her heavy, dripping ass-cheeks against Leon’s thrusts.

As the entire bedroom descended into an absolute spectacle of raw, perverted lust, Rika stood frozen in the corner of the room. Her eyes were wide, completely filled with blinding arousal as she watched them engage in the filthy act, her own drenched, heavily throbbing pussy begging her broken mind to get slammed by Leon’s monstrous dick this exact instant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 357: Call me master- II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP!*

"Mnnffff~"

The bedroom was completely choked with a suffocating, filthy atmosphere. The heavy, musky scent of raw pheromones, sweat, and excessive pre-cum hung thick in the air, drowned out only by the sound of muffled, broken whimpers and desperate, animalistic moans.

Lauren was now lying flat on her back on the floorboards, her spine pressed hard against the wooden side of the bedframe. Her thick, voluptuous legs were thrust straight up into the air, spreading her completely wide open and exposing her plump, hyper-sensitive pussy.

Standing tall over her helpless, broken form, Leon looked down like a predator before driving his massive, veiny cock ruthlessly back and forth inside her.

He stood right over her, pinning her lower body down as he pounded his thick shaft into her tight, trembling walls without a single shred of mercy. With every brutal, deep thrust, his lower half slammed against her plush thighs and her boobs spilled over her face.

"Mnhhhffff~! Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Annnhhhh~!" Lauren wailed, her hands blindly clutching at the floor as her eyes rolled back into her head, her body completely vibrating under the violent, relentless assault of his monstrous dick.

Even as his thick cock ruthlessly stretched Lauren’s dripping pussy to its absolute limits, Leon’s tongue was shoved deep down Myra’s throat, aggressively fucking her mouth without a single pause. Simultaneously, his left hand was buried deep between Rika’s thick thighs.

She was completely trapped on all fours beside him, her swollen, soaking wet slit getting mercilessly worked by his invading digits.

It only took two fingers hooked deep inside her pulsing core to break her mind, turning her into a blabbering, touch-starved bitch slut.

"Anhhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhh~ Anhhhhhh~! M-My pusssy feeelssss shoo ghoodddd!" Rika shrieked, her eyes crossing in blind ecstasy as her internal walls spasmed violently.

*SQUIRTTTTTTT!*

Leon curled his fingers brutally against her hyper-sensitive G-spot, driving her over the edge over and over again. Rika was squirting like a completely broken faucet every single minute, hot, thick ropes of her slick juices flying through the air and splashing heavily across Lauren’s heaving breasts.

Breaking the deep kiss, Leon dragged his wet tongue out of Myra’s mouth, leaving a thick string of saliva hanging between them.

"Get rid of your clothes... Fast," he commanded, his voice dripping with absolute dominance.

"Y-Yes... Sir," Myra panted, her trembling, sweating hands immediately clawing at her tight bodice.

"From now on, you three will address me as Master. Do you bitches understand me?" Leon demanded, his predatory gaze locking onto them.

*Thud.*

*SQUIRTTTTT*

Rika’s face hit the wooden floorboards as her weak arms completely gave out under the sheer weight of her intense pleasure.

"Y-Yessss... Master..." she whimpered miserably. Even though she couldn’t even hold herself up, her instinctual addiction to his fingers was too strong; she kept her heavy, plump ass thrust high in the air, practically begging for her pussy to keep getting violated.

"Take it off... Faster. Rip it apart if that’s what it takes," Leon ordered, watching Myra’s frantic movements with a cold, sadistic smirk.

"Y-Yes... Master!" Myra whimpered. Her mind was too fried by the heavy pheromones to untangle the stubborn laces of her outfit. Without a second thought, she gripped the fabric with both hands and ruthlessly tore it open.

*Riiiiiip!*

Her massive, heavy breasts immediately spilled free, bouncing and jiggling wildly in the heated air as she desperately scrambled to kick off her skirt.

Leon glanced down, his eyes narrowing as he took in Lauren’s broken, vacant expression. The relentless pounding and the suffocating aura had completely shattered her psyche, she had no fucking clue where she was or who was using her, completely reduced to a mindless hole that craved nothing but his thick shaft.

"Oi... you fucking slut. Do you understand who your master is now?" Leon spoke as he abruptly yanked his thick cock out of her dripping pussy, stepping forward to plant his bare foot heavily right onto her cum-splattered breasts.

The sudden loss of his warmth snapped Lauren right out of her vacant trance. Looking up at him with a terrified, deeply worried expression, she realized her source of pleasure was gone.

"I-I understand... M-Master... Y-You are my master! P-Please put it back in... I-I beg you, please fuck my pussy moreeee~!" she pleaded frantically. Driven by pure, desperate addiction, she wrapped her hands around his ankle and eagerly began to suck and lick on Leon’s toe, trying to satisfy him any way she could just to get his giant dick back inside her.

"Good slut." Leon’s voice was a guttural snarl as he shoved his thick, rigid cock back into her soaking, overworked hole. He didn’t just move; he attacked her, his hips snapping forward with a violence that made her heavy tits bounce like crazy.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

The room filled with the wet, rhythmic sound of balls slapping against her fat, red-hot ass. Lauren’s eyes rolled to the back of her head, her raven hair plastered to her face.

"Anhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Yesss... Fuck me! Break my pussy... Please just break ittttt~" she screamed, her voice cracking. Every time he drove home, his head slammed into her cervix, punching against the back wall of her womb with zero mercy.

Leon felt his blood boil. The way her tight walls were squeezing his shaft was driving him over the edge.

"Fuck this... I’m gonna cum, you fucking bitch," Leon growled.

He ramped his speed up to a frantic, blurring maximum, his cock a jackhammer of flesh. He reached up, his large hand clamping around Lauren’s throat, squeezing just enough to make her eyes bulge.

"Annnnhhhgggnnhhhh~"

Her moans died in her throat, replaced by the sound of her gasping for air as her internal muscles clamped down like a vice. Leon pulled all the way out, the tip nearly leaving her lips, before slamming back in with a bone-deep thud that sealed their bodies together.

*SLAAP*

"ANNNHHHHHHHH~" She let out a strangled, high-pitched shriek as her pussy gave way, a massive, pressurized jet of squirt erupting from her pussy and calling directly onto her face as she was upside down.

*SQUIRTTTTT*

Leon’s balls tightened and twitched violently. A massive, hot load of thick white rope was unleashed, blasting directly into the mouth of her womb. He didn’t stop, pumping wave after wave of cum into her until she was filled to the brim.

Lauren’s pussy went into a series of frantic, back-to-back orgasms. With his thick cock acting as a plug, her womb began to stretch and bloat from the sheer volume of his baby seed.

There was no room left, and the internal pressure was so intense it sent her brain into a complete blackout.

She fainted on the spot, her body going limp as her lower belly visibly swelled, bloated out by the massive amount of cum that Leon continued to pump into her unconscious form.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 358: The Tower
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Okay, now you get up there... Yeah, that’s fucking perfect." Leon’s voice was thick with depraved satisfaction as he stepped back to admire his handiwork.

The bed had become a mountain of soft, trembling flesh. At the very base was Lauren, her unconscious body pinned into the mattress, her overworked pussy still twitching as a steady, thick stream of Leon’s cream leaked out of her and pooled onto the sheets.

Myra was forced down on top of her, her heavy, green-haired head hanging low as her thick thighs were spread wide. Her engorged pussy lips were pressed flush against the curve of Lauren’s upper ass, the friction of their bodies turning her into a shivering mess.

But the crowning glory was Rika. She sat perched atop Myra, her massive, matronly ass cheeks pulled apart by the weight of the position. Her pussy was a weeping mess, dripping thick, translucent pre-cum that drizzled down onto Myra’s skin. Her tail wiggled at a frantic, blurring speed, betraying her desperate arousal.

"An ass tower... What a spectacular fucking view," Leon whispered, his eyes devouring the sight of all those huge, plumpy, and juicy ass cheeks stacked one on top of the other. It was a literal buffet of mature, sweating meat, all of them begging for his touch.

"Very well then... Let’s start fucking up to down." Leon spoke as he stepped up on the bed whipped his dick against Rika’s soft flesh.

*Slap-Slap*

"Anhhh~ Anhh~ Yess masterr~" Rika moaned as he pussy twitched knowing that Leon’s dick is about to enter inside her pussy.

Without wasting another second, Leon placed his dick right in front of Rika’s pussy.

Rika closed her eyes and bit down on her lips as she was ready to feel the bliss.

*SLAP*

"ANHHHHHH~ YESSSSSS~" Myra moaned loudly from below as her back arched like crazy and her hands grabbed Rika’s boobs tightly for support.

"W-What !?" Rika immediately looked back and noticed that Leon has inserted his dick into Myra’s pussy instead of her.

"I will fuck whatever pussy I like... So never question me, bitch." Leon spoke as he raised his hand and slapped on Rika’s ass so hard that ripples travelled through her curvy, juicy and thick ass.

*SLAP*

*Squirrrt*

"Annnhhhhh~ Sorrrryyyyy~ Masterrrrr~" Rika moaned out loudly as she unknowingly squirted.

Her liquids flowed down to Myra’s pussy and covered Leon’s dick, helping it get even more lubricated.

"Fuck this... Bite." Leon spoke as he activated another spell.

<Lust Bite>

As soon as the skill got activated, he bit into Rika’s thick and silky ass tightly with his teeth.

"ANNNNNHHHHH~" As Leon’s teeth stabbed into her flesh, Rika felt another wave of pleasure travelling through her whole body.

"Here take this as well..." Leon spoke as he immediately whipped his dick out of Myra’s pussy and pumped it into Rika’s pussy without any warnings.

*SLAM*

Rika’s eyes turned white as she felt Leon’s dick going all the way inside her womb.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

Without giving her a second’s break, he started pounding with an incredible speed.

Rika’s tongue rolled out of her mouth and her head started shaking up and down as she felt incredible pleasure from Leon’s dick.

But before she could’ve had a real orgasm Leon pulled his out and slammed it back into Myra’s pussy.

*SLAM*

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"ANHHH~ MNHGHHGG ANHHHHH~ ANNNHHHH~ MY PUSSSY~ FEELSSSS SO GOOOOOOD~" Myra shouted loudly as her face also melted into an ahegao expression.

He started pounding her pussy without any stops and started slapping Rika’s pussy with his other hand.

For the next two hours, he fucked all three of them in the same position, whenever one of them was about to cum, he would switch the hole and start to pound the other one.

He was keeping all three of them on the edge as he fucked them.

One hour later,

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhhh~ Anhhhhh~ Anhhhhhhh~ Annnhhhh~"

Leon is now pounding Rika’s pussy while Myra and Lauren’s pussy glowed red below from so much pounding and pre-cum was flowing out of them like crazy.

"Fuck... I am cumming." Leon spoke as he started pumping his cock into her even harder this time.

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"Anhhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Anhhhh~ Yes~ Yes~ Yessss~ cummmmm in meeeeeeee~" Rika moaned loudly as she tightened her pussy around Leon’s dick.

’Fucking hell... How she clamping around my dick so hard !??’ Leon thought as he slammed in his dick into her womb with full power and started releasing a wave of cum.

*SLAM*

*Spurttttt*

"ANHHHHHH~"

Rika moaned as a fountain of cum burst out of her pussy while she felt Leon’s white jeez filling inside her.

*Squirrrrtttttt*

But halfway through the cumming Leon pulled his dick out and slammed it inside Myra’s pussy and started pounding it while cumming.

*SLAM*

*SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP-SLAP*

"ANHHHHHHH~ ANHHHHHH~ It feeeelsss sooo warmmmmm in meeee~" Myra moaned loudly as her pussy grabbed Leon’s dick tightly and squirted like a broken faucet as her face turned into an extreme ahegao.

’Fucking hell... Switching in-between pussies while cumming is the best.’ Leon thought as he continued to cum inside her pussy.

But even after filling up her pussy, he switched and inserted his cock inside Lauren’s womb.

"ANHHHHHHHH~" Lauren moaned as she felt her womb getting expanded by cum once again.

It was like a professional baker filling the buns with creams.

"Fucking Hell..." He spoke as he emptied his balls and stepped back only to notice his masterpiece.

The ass tower was flowing with his white cum from upto down, the white stream started from Rika’s pussy and dropped onto Myra’s ass and pussy.

Then it joined up with Myra’s pussy and continued to flow down to Lauren’s pussy and after that it just spreaded on the bedsheet.

"Few... Let’s try some more poses girls, it’s no time to rest. My dick is still hard as fuck." Leon spoke with a smile as his dick was still throbbing like crazy.

After that Leon continued to fuck all three of them for the next four to five hours without any pauses, without any mercy and he fucked them in different and embarrassing poses.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 359: Time to go
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*Blink-Blink*

Leon’s eyes slowly fluttered open as the morning light filtered into the room.

"Hmm...?"

The first thing he registered was the suffocating, milky scent of womanhood. His face was buried deep in a soft, meaty canyon, Rika’s massive, heavy boobs were acting as a living blanket, pressing against his nose and mouth.

He groaned and shoved his way out of her cleavage, only to feel a damp warmth clamping down on his right hand.

He looked over to find Myra’s thick, mature legs wrapped tightly around his arm; two of his fingers were still buried knuckle-deep in her pussy, which was twitching rhythmically even in her sleep.

"Fucking hell... I really did a number on-" He stopped mid-sentence when he felt a familiar, throbbing heat around his crotch. Looking down, he saw Lauren. She was still completely out cold, draped across his lap like a broken doll, with his thick cock still buried deep inside her soaking, swollen cunt.

As his eyes adjusted, he took in the carnage. Their bodies were a map of his depravity. Dark red bite marks and purple bruises covered every inch of them, their heavy ass-cheeks, the soft skin of their inner thighs, and the underside of their pendulous breasts. Leon hadn’t left a single patch of skin unpunished.

He slowly pried his fingers out of Myra with a wet *schlick*, then gripped his shaft to pull out of Lauren’s pussy. But as he retreated, the unconscious woman’s walls suddenly spasmed and clamped down hard, refusing to let him go.

’What the-!? This bitch is dead to the world and her pussy is still trying to eat my cock? Greedy fucking hole,’ Leon thought with a smirk. He had to pull back slowly, feeling the friction of her tight, honeyed interior before he finally popped out with a loud, wet sound.

*Pop*

"Phew..."

He stood up, his muscles stretching as he surveyed the three ruined MILFs. He didn’t bother helping them, he simply shook his head and began pulling on his clothes, stepping over the piles of discarded, torn bodices.

Once dressed, he walked to the door. He paused for a moment, his hand on the handle, and turned back to look at the heap of trembling, cream-filled flesh on the bed one last time.

"Well then, ladies... tell your husbands whatever lies you want," Leon whispered with a dark, satisfied grin. "But tell your pussies not to get their hopes up. They’ll never have that much fun ever again. Bye-bye."

He stepped out into the hallway, clicking the door shut on the scent of his own filth.

After that he exited the house and started walking towards the exit gate of the kingdom.

As Leon walked forward, he noticed some people coming towards him.

Trody walked in front of them and the others followed him.

"Hmm... Looks like their ceremony ended." Leon spoke in a low tone as he noticed that Trody is sending everyone back to their homes.

Leon slowly walked upto him and noticed that he was talking to two men.

"Yes, Yes... I understand. I am sure they will be home soon." Trody spoke in a low voice.

"What happened ?" Leon asked from behind.

"Oh... Sir, Leon. This is Ray and this is Pale, they are Myra and Lauren’s husbands." Trody replied with a neutral expression.

"Ah... Hello, Hello. Is something wrong then ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"They are saying that they can’t find them anywhere and I am trying to tell them that they must be roaming here some-"

"I saw them. I think all three of them were clearing out elder Morin’s house last time. Why don’t you go and check there ?" Leon replied with a smile.

"W-What ?" Trody looked at Leon with a shocked expression as he couldn’t understand what he was trying to do.

"Thank you sir."

"We will go there immediately."

Both of them spoke as they started running towards Morin’s house.

...

"Well then... I guess it’s time I take my leave. You keep ruling your kingdom." Leon spoke with a smile as he placed his hand over Trody’s shoulder.

"B-But sir... How am I going to explain what happened to their wives in the house ?" Trody asked with a confused expression.

"Well... Sounds like a ’You’ problem and you can deal with a problem this small or how else will you manage to run this kingdom ?

The girls won’t say anything if they got conscious before they are found. So, how about you run and make sure to get them conscious before they meet their husbands ?" Leon spoke with a smile.

"Y-Yes..." Trody spoke as he immediately started running towards Morin’s house as well.

"Be careful... The floor is a little too slippery." Leon spoke in a low tone before he started walking towards the other direction with a smirk on his face.

After exiting the kingdom, Leon walked towards the second floor’s entrance gate.

As he walked he looked at a screen floating in front of him.

[Last Rise: Astral Drift (0/50000)]

"Hmm... Fifty thousand times, but do I really need to repeat it that many times or do I just need to focus on this one as well ?" Leon spoke in a low and confused tone.

’But what that old man did was really interesting... He was standing so far away from me and in just a second he was standing behind me.

And that sentence he said at last was cool as fuck. As calm and deadly as the water.’ he thought with a silent expression.

’You do know that I can hear your inner thoughts, right ?’ White Fox’s voice resonated inside his mind.

’I know, but why are you listening to me now ?’ Leon asked in a confused tone.

’Eveytime you think anything about last rise, I start to hear your thoughts and see what you are doing.’ White fox replied in a neutral tone.

’Ah... Understoo-’

"Master." Suddenly Dusk’s voice came from the front.

Leon looked up and noticed Dusk sitting near the gate waiting for him.

As Leon got closer to the gate he noticed a big perfectly cut out circle in the middle of the metallic gate.

"Well, dusk... Time to go to the second floor."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 360: Is that a keyhole ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Dusk take your cat form." Leon ordered with a smile.

"Umm... Master, are we going to go down the-"

"Not the same way..." Leon replied with a smile.

"Phew~ I thought we are-"

"I will try to go faster this time since we are going down."

As soon as dusk heard this his facial expressions turned around completely.

"Y-Yes... Master." Dusk replied in a hesitated tone as he turned back into his cat form.

Leon picked up the World tree’s plant in one hand and dusk in another hand as he jumped into the hole.

"Strength." Leon spoke as he gathered all of his focus and activated the skill.

<Body Enchantment>

As soon as he activated the skill his whole body glowed brightly blue for a second and raw power filled him from inside out.

*Thud*

As soon as Leon landed down on the first stair, he didn’t waste a single second and ran forward with full power.

*Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step-Step*

As soon as he reached on the stair’s end, without wasting another second he bent down both of his legs down on the stair’s edge and squatted down with full power only to jump up with full power.

"HUP..."

The first jump was small and landed him on the second stair’s edge.

*Thud*

Leon slowly jumped down on the third stair and started running with full power once again.

"HUP..."

He jumped and this time completely skipped the fourth stair, landing directly on the fifth stair.

*Thud*

Dusk felt his stomach getting upset once again but he didn’t speak anything.

....

*Thud*

In just a few minutes Leon reached on the twenty-nineth stair.

"Dusk... Take back your original form." Leon commanded.

"Yes, Master." Dusk replied as he immediately turned back into his original form.

"Here hold this." Leon spoke as he placed the world tree’s plant over Dusk’s head.

"Yes, master."

"When I cast the bubble you won’t be able to hear me and I won’t be able to hear you, but you will be able to see me, so just follow me okay ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

"As you command, master." Dusk replied with a neutral expression.

"Good now take a deep breath... Traversal Bubble." Leon spoke as he casted the spell.

<Traversal Bubble>

As soon as he casted the spell, a mirror like or covered dusk in itself.

"We don’t have time to waste, let’s go." Leon spoke as he immediately jumped down to the last step and a scorching heatwave hit his body, burning his skin red within seconds.

As soon as the heatwave hitted him, another skill got activated automatically.

<Adaptive Body>

[Similar conditions have been analysed.]

[Responding with the saved responses.]

In just a few seconds Leon’s body was transformed back into the same form, his skin turned hard and dark, ceramic-like. All of his pores shutting down completely and re-circulating the water inside his body.

Without wasting another second Leon entered inside Lesrath’s room and dusk followed him.

’If hell really exists... It would surely look like this.’ Dusk thought in his mind as he observed the environment around the room.

Little volcanos going off at anytime, the mountains of obsidian and thousands of lava filled holes in the ground.

"Come..." Leon spoke in a low voice as he gestured towards Dusk and started heading towards the third floor’s gate.

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

Suddenly the floor started shaking, Leon turned to look at his right and noticed that Lesarath was coming towards him.

"Yo, Lesarath." Leon spoke with a smile as he waved his hand towards him.

’I have sensed thy presence, Leon Luster. Dost thou make thy way toward the third floor?’ Dusk’s voice rang inside Leon’s mind.

"Yeah, I am going to the third floor... You wanna come ?" Leon asked with a smile.

’I, Lesarath, canst not leave this chamber without meeting mine end... Should I dare venture forth, the dungeon master shall rouse from his deep slumber and smite me with death all the same.’ He replied.

"Oh well... Badluck I guess. Can you show me the way to the third floor ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression.

’Come follow me and I shall ensure thine passage to the third floor remaineth free of peril.’ Lesarath spoke as he started walking forward and Leon started following him.

As he walked forward, some obsidian mountains blocked the path and without wasting another second, Lesarath used his diamond knuckles to crush them down in one punch.

*BOOOOOOM*

’This room is very big, even bigger than the resting area above. We have been walking for about fifteen minutes and I still can’t see the gate.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he noticed that Lesarath has stopped walking.

"What happened ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

’The gate to the third floor... It ought to be here. Centuries hath passed since last I laid eyes upon it.’ Lesarath spoke as he raised both of his hands into the air and slammed them down onto the bed of obsidian covered floor.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

The whole floor shook violently as the thick obsidian broke down and revealed a very thick and huge door made out of an unknown metal. It had gears all over it and thousands of locks tightly locked together.

"Wait... Is that a key hole ?" Leon spoke with a confused expression as he noticed a hole at the gate’s bottom that had a star’s shape.

’Thou art right, that is indeed a keyhole.’ Lesarath replied.

"The gate won’t open without a key and I don’t have a key. Do you have the key ?" Leon asked as he looked at Lesarath.

’No key existeth here. For it is I, Lesarath, who am the key unto the next floor.’ Lesarath replied as he closed in his hand towards the keyhole and suddenly the diamond covering on his fingers took the shape of the star-shaped keyhole on it’s own.

*Click*

*Whirrrrrrrrr*

Suddenly, all the locks started to unlock on their own as the key hole started to rotate with Lesrath’s finger.

*Click-Click-Click-Click-Click-Click*

’That means killing him is the only other way to open this door. Hmm... Intresting.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 361: The Mist - I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

*ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ*

As soon as the door opened up, Leon looked down and noticed the same staircase that was in-between the first and second floor.

"Fuck..." Dusk spoke from within the bubble with a disgusted expression as he already knew what was coming.

He didn’t even wait for Leon’s command and changed into his cat form.

"Hey, Lesarath... Who lives on the second floor ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

’No one liveth on the third floor, Leon Luster. Only the Mist.’ Lesarath replied.

"What mist ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

’The Mist is what it is... Mist and naught else.’ Lesarath replied.

"Huh...? Okay, fine... I will just see what it is." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he jumped in and dusk followed behind him immediately.

*Thud*

’Leon Luster...’ Lesrath’s voice rang inside his head but this time heavier than usual.

Leon looked up at him with a confused expression.

’... Keep mind strong.’ he spoke as he let go of the gate.

*THUD*

The gate slammed down and the clicking sounds of locks started coming from above.

*Click-Click-Click-Click-Click-Click*

"Well, let’s do this." Leon spoke as he turned off the skill {Traversal Bubble} and noticed that dusk was already in his cat form.

"Master... That was that monster that made friends with ?" Dusk asked with a neutral expression.

"Yes." Leon replied with a smile as he picked up the world tree plant in one hand and Dusk in other hand.

"Fuuuu~ Let’s fucking goooo." Leon spoke as he ran forward with full speed and started jumping down the stairs without any stops.

*THUD*

"HUP..."

*THUD*

"HUP..."

*THUD*

"HUP...*

....

As Leon kept going down he noticed something strange...

’I am going down non-stop for the past five minutes and I still can’t see anything down there. It’s so dark.’ He thought with a confused expression.

"Master..." Dusk spoke in a low voice.

"What ?" Leon asked as he continued to jump down from the stairs.

"Master..." Dusk spoke again.

"Yes Dusk... I am listening." He spoke while continuing down the stairs.

"Master..."

"Dusk, just speak the fuck-" Leon started speaking with an irritated voice but as soon as he looked at Dusk his eyes widened in fear.

Dusk’s half skull was visible, his face was like rotten corpse similar to a zombie and he was repeating the same thing again and again.

"Fucking hell..." Leon immediately stopped on one stair and threw Dusk onto the ground.

*Thud*

"Master..." Dusk spoke as he stood up from the ground and started walking towards Leon.

"What the fuck is wrong with you Dusk ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at him.

"Master... Wake up." Dusk spoke as he looked at Leon.

"What !?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked at him.

"Master wake up... Master wake up... Master wake up." Dusk started repeating the same thing like a broken doll.

"W-What the fuck-"

....

"HAAAAAAH... IS WRONG WITH YOU-!???"

Suddenly Leon opened his eyes and noticed that he was standing in front of the entrance of the third floor’s gate and dusk was calling out to him in a worried tone.

...and they were covered from everyside with a white mist that was coming from under the gate.

"T-The fuck happened ?" Leon asked with a confused expression as he looked at Dusk.

"Master we were coming down from the stairs and as soon as you stepped onto this step, you just stopped moving all of a sudden." Dusk explained.

Without wasting another second, Leon used his skill on the white mist.

<Inspect>

Suddenly a red window popped up in front of him.

[System is Offline.]

"What the-" Before the words could’ve come out of his mouth, a huge green hand grabbed his shoulder.

Leon turned and noticed a huge orc standing behind him holding a wooden club in his hand.

He immediately raised the club and brought it down upon Leon with full power.

"RAAWWHHHHHHHH..."

"Fucking hell." Leon immediately dodged to the side and noticed that the orc had disappeared from his location.

’What the fuck is happening !? Why is the system offline ? And where the hell did Dusk go ? He was standing right here a moment ago.’ Leon thought with a serious expression as it struck him all of a sudden.

"This is an illusion too..." Leon spoke as he immediately slapped himself really hard.

*SLAP*

"HAAAAAAH..." He took a long breathe as he woke up from the illusion and noticed that he is standing on the last stair with dusk in one hand and the world tree plant in another hand.

Dusk’s eyes have turned white as the mist is continuously entering his nose and playing with his brain.

"Dusk... Wake up." Leon spoke as he placed the world tree plant down and started shaking dusk really hard in order to wake him up.

But dusk wasn’t waking up.

"Leon Luster..." Suddenly a familiar voice came from behind.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed a girl with huge boobs standing amidst the fog her face not visible clearly.

"Cherry..." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at her.

"What are you even doing Leon ? Come to me... Let’s go on a date or something. You used to ask me out so much during the high school, right ?" Cherry spoke in a low voice as she started walking towards Leon.

"There is no fucking way you are here. I am still in the fucking illusion." Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at her.

"Why does that even matter ? You can now do anything you want with me..." Cherry spoke as her clothes disappeared instantly and her boobs jiggled up and down as she walked forward.

"... I am the same girl that didn’t even wanted to look at your disgusted face, but I am ready to become your plaything now. Come use me as you want or do you want to change things in me ?

Want bigger boobs ?" Cherry spoke as the size of her already huge boobs doubled instantly.

Suddenly a perverted smile appeared over Leon’s face as he walked forward and grabbed her neck.

"Oh... You want to do rough play ? Well-"

Without wasting another second, Leon twisted her neck to the side.

*Crack*

"Why would you do that now ?" Cherry asked as she looked at Leon with her broken neck.

"Bitch... I always wanted to do that with you. No one looks down on me. I know it’s an illusion but it still feels good." Leon replied with a wide smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 362: The Mist -II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I thought you loved this woman." Cherry spoke as she looked at Leon.

"How about you fix your neck and then we have a talk ?" Leon asked with a smile.

*Crack*

"Okay." Cherry spoke as she immediately cracked back her neck into position.

"I love this woman but I also have a mind and my memories, although you are trying to make them fuzzy using your stupid techniques.

Like I don’t even remember so many things already about my past life and even this one, but there is one thing that you can’t make me forget and that is my death.

That memory is etched into my mind and soul both. You can’t erase that even if you tried your best." Leon spoke with a smile as he looked at cherry.

"You are right... You do have memories of two lifes and the memory of your death is very hard to erase but the more time you spend in my illusions the more your mind will go crazy and at one point your consciousness will become one with me." The mist spoke as she looked at Leon.

"And why do you think that you can keep me inside your illusions ?" Leon asked with a smile.

"You tried to get out but what you didn’t notice was that you were getting even more deeper into my illusions and what will you even achieve after getting out ?

Pain, agony and hardwork... But, if you decided to stay here, I will give you everything. I will create everything that your mind desires even the wildest dreams will come true, you will feel everything as if it’s happening in reality, touch senses will get heightened and even having sex will feel ten times better.

I won’t even allow death to hurt you." The mist replied.

"Hmm... You have all of my memories already. Why do you want my consciousness to become your part ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Your mind is very strong. I will have so much fun breaking it and it’s been a while since I did that to someone." The mist spoke with a smile.

"Very well then... Give it your best fucking shot because I like to have sex with real women not some fucked up mind fantasy you are going to create." Leon spoke with a smile.

"You could’ve choosen a life so easier and yet you choose the suffering... I really can’t understand human beings.

I will create the worst demons that you have only seen in your dreams, you will feel misery and pain until your senses go numb and that’s when you will start to beg for death but I won’t give it to you." The mist spoke as she disappeared.

’From sex and having an easy life to making me die a dog’s death, well that’s an interesting change.’ Leon thought with a smile as he immediately sat down on the ground and closed his eyes.

’Illusions are really just because you think they are real. She can mimic everything from my memory but she can’t mimic the system.

Whenever I used a skill, the system shows that it’s offline but is it really offline ?’ Leon thought with a serious expression.

’Oi white fox... Can you hear me ?’ Leon asked in his mind.

’Hmm...? What happened now kid ?’ White Fox’s voice came from the other side.

’How do I believe that you are real and not the mist talking to me ?’ Leon asked in a confused tone.

*Shhhh*

Suddenly his consciousness was pulled out of his body...

*Blink-Blink*

Leon opened his eyes and noticed that he was standing on the same beache as before.

White fox was sitting on a wooden chair and enjoying the sun under a pine tree.

"What do you mean by if I am real or not ?" White fox asked as he stood up from the chair and started walking towards Leon.

"I am trapped inside a web of illusions and I doubt that even you are real." Leon spoke with a cautious expression.

"Inside an illusion...? Let me see." White fox spoke as he immediately waved his hand into the air and everything around them changed instantly.

The sky turned to night and suddenly a projection started playing all over it.

A projection of Leon’s eyes and what he was seeing.

In the projection there was nothing but a white mist dancing in front of his face, it was going in and out of his mouth, leaving him completely in a trance like state.

"Adaptive Body didn’t take effect that means the mist is something different. If only I can go back a few stairs,.." Leon spoke with a neutral expression.

"Hmm... It’s playing with your mind. Well, just fight back." White fox spoke with a neutral expression.

"How the hell am I supposed to do that ? She can control the illusions and the more I try to get out of them, the more I get wrapped up inside them." Leon replied with a confused expression.

"Well then... Change the battlefields. Take it somewhere, where you have the upper hand.

If she is controlling your mind, move your consciousness to your soul realm and fight there, I can sense some pretty strong creatures in your soul realm. Fight there you will win." White fox replied with a smile.

"Even if I kill her monsters in the soul realm... She will just make more of them." Leon replied with a neutral expression.

"No... That’s where you are wrong, once you defeat them in the soul realm, I will take care of the rest." White fox spoke with a smile.

"Are you going to take over my body ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"I don’t need to... Now go and move the battle to a battlefield that’s advantageous for you. Because you will only get a single chance to gain control over your body, don’t miss it." White fox replied with a smile.

"Fine... I will trust you on this one since I don’t have any other options but why are you helping me this time ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"If you ended up dying before learning the technique, I will stay trapped in here for even more centuries." White fox replied with a smile as he touched Leon’s forehead and suddenly his consciousness faded away returning him back inside the illusion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 363: Is that Ragal ?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Phew... Fine, let’s do this." Leon spoke as he stood up and noticed a figure coming towards him from the mist.

As it got closer it’s size grew bigger in size.

"What in the fucking hell is-" Before Leon could’ve completed his sentence, he noticed that the creature was completely white and he eight hands with two legs.

The creature’s head was missing but it had two huge eyes on it’s chest and that shined brightly yellow and continuously stared at Leon.

*Swish*

Suddenly it disappeared and re-appeared behind Leon.

"Fuck-" as soon as Leon tried to move away he noticed that his legs were trapped inside the ground and he couldn’t get them out.

The creature raised one of it’s hand and brought it down upon him with full power.

Without wasting another second, Leon raised both of his hands and covered his head with them.

*THUD*

*Cough-Cough*

He coughed up a mouthful of blood, as he felt his body crushing under pressure.

’How the fuck am I feeling real pain in a fucking illusion !!????’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he felt his rulibs breaking.

*Raise*

The creature didn’t wait and immediately raised another one of his hands and got ready once again.

"I can’t take it... Nexus, can you hear me ?" Leon asked.

’Yes, Sir Leon... I can hear you.’ Nexus’s voice resounded in his head.

"Pull my consciousness into the soul realm... NOW." Leon commanded in a heavy tone.

’As you say, Sir.’ Nexus replied in a neutral tone.

Suddenly Leon and the creature both disappeared.

"Hmm...? Intresting. Let’s see how far can you run away." The mist spoke with a smile as she observed Leon’s consciousness disappearing from her illusion.

Inside the soul realm,

*Blink-Blink*

Leon slowly opened his eyes and noticed that he was standing near a flowing river and the moon is shining brightly in the sky.

"I greet you, Sir Leon." A sound came from behind.

Leon immediately turned around and noticed that a man in his thirties with black hairs and black moustache was standing behind him, he was wearing a butler like dress and holding a glowing blue stick in his hands.

"Nexus ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes sir... Although I don’t have a real form. This form seems suitable to serve you or should I change it ?" Nexus asked with a confused expression.

"Keep it... What happened to that demon that was attacking me ?" Leon asked with a serious expression as he looked around with a confused expression.

"You mean this bug ?"

*THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD-THUD*

Suddenly eight white hands came rolling down on the ground, clearly belonging to the creature that Leon pulled into the soul realm with him.

As soon as he looked up towards the source of the heavy voice, Leon noticed a demon standing over a huge rock near the river’s bank.

The demon had six red eyes on his face, the upper two eyes pointing down diagonally, the middle ones horizontal and the lower ones pointing upwards diagonally.

He had a lean but muscular body with eight-pack abs and long hairs coming down to his legs.

He was holding two blood red swords in his hands and there was an evil smile on his face.

"Is he... Ragal ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Yes, Sir." Nexus replied with a neutral expression.

"Damn... He wasn’t looking like that when I last saw him." Leon spoke in a low voice.

"I spent around nine hundred years in hell until I got summoned into that weak demon, I don’t know how he even got the sacred seal to summon me into his body.

When you killed me- no let me rephrase that one. When you deceived me and then forced a sacred ritual to kill the body that I was in, I was pissed off and believe me I was pissed off enough to breakout of hell and come back just so I can kill you.

But... Then you stole my soul fragment as well and locked me in here with this motherfucking crazy bastard." Ragal spoke as he raised his sword and pointed towards Nexus.

"Hmm...? Him ? Crazy ?" Leon asked as he looked at Nexus with a confused expression.

"I tried to kill him thousands of times but this motherfucker just doesn’t die. He traps me in time loops and leaves me in them for thousands of years.

I hate that and that’s why we made a deal... I will live freely in your soul realm and do whatever I want in exchange for protecting it from any attackers just like the one that I just killed. It’s been a while since my blades tasted blood and it felt good killing him." Ragal explained as he looked at Leon.

’Damn, so that’s how he is re-shaping them into protecting my soul realm.’ Leon thought with a neutral expression as he looked at Nexus.

"Someone is invading the soul realm, Ragal." Nexus spoke as he looked at Ragal with a neutral expression.

"Hehehe... Just tell me the location. I have never felt like this in years." Ragal spoke with a maniacal smile as he licked his blades.

"Northern mountains... Thousands of monsters are coming towards this direction. They might be here for Sir Leon." Nexus spoke with a neutral expression.

"Will be back in a bit..." Ragal spoke as he immediately disappeared.

"Can you take me there ?" Leon asked as he looked at Nexus.

"As you command, Sir." Nexus replied as he waved his hand and suddenly the water from the river started floating into the air and made a circular portal that opened up on top of a mountain on the other side.

"Hmm... Cool. Can I do that as well ?" Leon asked with a neutral expression as both of them travelled through the portal.

"It’s your soul realm, sir. You can travel to anywhere with just a mere thought, but I would restrict you from doing that as it de-stablizes with the basic rules of the realm.

The more stable your soul realm remains, the stronger it will become. That’s why I have given it the form of a real world destination." Nexus explained.

"Hmm... Understood." Leon replied with a neutral expression as he looked down and noticed a huge cloud of white fog covering the mountains in itself and thousands of deformed demons were coming out of the fog.

"Come on motherfuckers... Grandfather will teach you how it’s done." Ragal shouted as he taunted the demons.

"Should I go down there ?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Sir you haven’t trained your consciousness to fight yet. If you were to go down there right now, you will get killed immediately and if your consciousness dies in here, you will die in reality as well." Nexus explained.

"Fucking Hell."

"But don’t you worry, sir. I have faith that Ragal will be more than enough for them as we are fighting in our own terrain." Nexus spoke with a smile as he waved his hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 364: Form of Nine-tails
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Soul Realm stretched out as an infinite, haunting expanse, a landscape born of the subconscious. It was a world of jagged peaks and deep, shadowed valleys, where the ground felt less like solid earth and more like the manifestation of memory itself.

The air was thick and stagnant, heavy with the weight of an approaching storm. From the mountain peak where Leon and Nexus stood, the horizon was swallowed by a dense, unnatural fog. This blanket of mist didn’t just obscure vision; it felt like a living shroud, creeping up from the front valley with a predatory patience.

Out of the shifting mist, the nightmares took shape. They emerged in waves—creatures of twisted flesh and jagged bone, their forms defying the natural order.

Most were terrifying, hunched abominations that growled with a hunger for consciousness. Yet, towering above the rank and file were two entities so colossal they dwarfed the very mountains, their heads piercing the low-hanging clouds of the realm.

"Well... Those are some really big ass monsters," Leon spoke, his expression remaining neutral despite the scale of the threat.

Suddenly, the environment behind him responded to his presence. The jagged stones of the peak began to grind and shift, sliding over one another with a rhythmic clatter, stacking themselves into a high-backed, imposing throne.

"Please, take a seat Sir," Nexus spoke as he pointed towards the throne.

"Okay," Leon replied with a neutral expression as he sat down on the cold stone.

"Leon Luster..." A loud voice, sharp and piercing, cut through the mist like a blade.

Leon immediately looked at the source of the sound and noticed a woman walking out of the white haze. She wore a white robe and had nine white tails standing tall and rigid behind her. She also held a small folding fan in her hand that she waved at her face, a gesture of mock sophistication.

"A nine-tails..." Leon spoke in a low voice.

"It’s a creature that I choose from your mind... You find it quite terrifying for some reason," she spoke with a wide, predatory smile as her fangs appeared.

"Fucking bitch," Leon spoke in an angry voice as he grabbed the stone hand rest of the throne tightly.

"I will take over your soul realm and then your consciousness will have no place to escape. It will be mine and mine forever," she spoke with a wicked smile as she looked at Leon.

"RAGAL..." Leon shouted as he stood up from the throne. His eyes widened from excessive anger.

"Hmm...?" Ragal immediately looked up at Leon with a confused expression.

"... I WANT THAT BITCH’S HEAD," he shouted loudly as he pointed towards the nine-tails.

"Who? Her? Very well then... She is my target now," Ragal spoke as he grabbed his blades and started running towards the horde of the monsters.

"Kill," the nine-tails spoke with a smile as she raised her hand towards Ragal.

*GRAAHHHHHHHHHH*

The valley erupted as every monster in the mist immediately started running towards Ragal.

"Come come comeeeeeeee... HUP..." Ragal shouted as he immediately jumped from his position, clearing the first wave. The monsters stopped running as they looked up and noticed that Ragal was coming down on them instead.

*THUD*

*BOOOOOOOOM*

As soon as he landed on the ground, a shockwave of pure force rippled outward. All the monsters standing in a hundred-meter area around him got vaporized immediately, reduced to ashes by the sheer pressure.

"COME ON MOTHERFUCKERS," Ragal shouted as he raised his swords towards the monsters. Without wasting another second, the remaining horde surged forward again.

"BLOOD VIPER."

Ragal spoke as he activated his skill. He raised both of his swords into the air and slashed the air vertically, carving twin gashes into the atmosphere. Two huge crimson vipers shot out of his blades, circulating around him in clockwise and anti-clockwise directions.

"HISSSSSSSSSSSSS..."

"HISSSSSSSSSSSSS...."

As soon as the vipers touched the monsters, they turned into ashes.

"Fucking Hell. He really is one strong bastard," Leon spoke with a serious expression as he looked at Ragal from his high vantage point.

"I am coming for you bitch," Ragal spoke with a maniacal smile as he looked at the nine-tails.

"KILL HIM," the nine-tails shouted as she looked at Ragal.

*GRAAAAHHHHHHH...*

A huge ogre-like monster started running towards Ragal to intercept him.

"I don’t want to fight you bugs... Get out of my way," Ragal spoke as he immediately disappeared from his position and re-appeared behind the monster.

*Slash-Slash-Slash-Slash*

The monster was immediately sliced down into four different chunks of meat as he turned into ashes and disappeared.

"GAWWWHHHHHHHHHH..." Two huge monsters that were taller than the mountains themselves started walking towards Ragal. One of them held a club made out of metal with jagged spikes on it, while the other held a massive trident in his hands.

"They are several times bigger than him," Leon spoke with a serious expression.

"Sir Leon... No monster can win against Ragal," Nexus replied with a neutral expression.

"What?" Leon asked with a confused expression.

"Ragal is too arrogant, Sir. These monsters are made out of illusions and since Ragal was never defeated in his entire life by anyone, he just doesn’t believe that there is someone or something stronger than him in this world. Illusion only works if the target has self-doubts, but Ragal is completely driven by his arrogance.

He will never accept defeat and that’s why these monsters can’t defeat him," Nexus explained as he looked at Leon.

’This motherfucker is winning just because he simply doesn’t believe that there is no creature or army in this world can defeat him?’ Leon thought with a serious expression as he turned to look at Ragal.

"HUAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW...." The two demons rawred as they raised their weapons into the air and brought them down on him with full power.

*SWISSSH*

*SWISSHHH*

"Heh... The bigger you are, the harder you fall." Ragal spoke with a wide smile as he disappeared from his position and re-appeared behind one of the monster’s legs.

*SLASH-SLASH-SLASH-SLASH*

Without wasting another second, he did a number of attacks on both of his legs before disappearing and re-appearing behind the other monster’s legs and repeating the same thing.

*SLASH-SLASH-SLASH-SLASH*

Both of the monsters immediately lost their balance and fell down to the ground.

*THUDDDDDDDD*

*THUDDDDDDDD*

As soon as they hitted the ground, their bodies turned into ashes.

’How can my illusion fail like that ?’ The nine-tails thought as she looked at Ragal.

"You are next." Ragal spoke as he disappeared and re-appeared behind her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 365: Mists of Ilirai
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Die... Bitch." Ragal’s voice was a low, jagged rasp as he swung his blades in a wide, lethal arc aimed directly at the Nine-Tails’ throat.

*SLASH.*

The blade whistled through the air, but there was no resistance. As soon as the blades touched her neck, they passed through her as if she were made of smoke. Her figure flickered, dissolving into the swirling white mist.

"You really think you can kill me? I am not something that can be killed." The voice drifted from behind him, cold and mocking. Ragal spun around, his eyes locking onto a jagged rock where she had already re-manifested, looking down at him with detached amusement.

Without a moment’s hesitation, Ragal launched himself across the distance, a blur of motion, but she vanished once more before his fingers could even graze her robe.

"What the hell?" Ragal muttered, his expression darkening into a mask of grim focus. He turned again, finding her standing on the exact same rock as before, as if she hadn’t moved at all.

From his throne on the mountain peak, Leon watched the cycle repeat. He leaned forward, his eyes narrowing.

’She is playing with him,’ he thought, noting the way the illusion shifted to frustrate Ragal’s directness.

...

"What happened? Couldn’t catch me?" the Nine-Tails taunted, her smile widening as she looked down at him.

Ragal didn’t respond with anger this time. He looked at her with a neutral, almost hollow expression, then slowly lowered his gaze to the ground beneath his feet.

"Hmm...? Are you disappointed that you couldn’t catch me?" she asked, her voice dripping with fake sympathy.

*STAB-STAB.*

Suddenly, Ragal drove both of his blades deep into the rock he stood upon. Before the mist could react, he vanished, reappearing nearly a hundred meters to the east.

"Hmm...?" The Nine-Tails tilted her head, her smile faltering.

Ragal didn’t attack. Instead, he raised his leg and brought his heel down with shattering force against the ground.

*THUMP.*

"Falir... The one who sees all," Ragal intoned.

His figure blurred again, reappearing a hundred meters to the north. Once more, his leg lashed out, his foot driving into the earth like a stake.

*THUMP*

"Ulgir... The one who knows no fear." Swish. He was gone again, re-emerging a hundred meters to the west.

*THUMP*

"Chyol... The one who has sun’s pride."

"What are you even doing?" the Nine-Tails demanded, her confusion evident. Around her, the endless horde of monsters stood unnervingly still, their mindless aggression dampened by the strange rhythm of Ragal’s movements.

*THUMP*

"Karon... The one who serves final justice."

...

Leon’s eyes widened in sudden realization. "Seals..." he whispered.

’Those are seals... I read about them in a book. In this technique, five seals are applied in order to make a pentagon around the target and cast the formation. But this technique is so old that no one uses it anymore except the demons.’

*THUMP.*

"Una-mura... The one who has hold over gods," Ragal declared as he planted the final seal. In a flash, he returned to the central rock, his hands gripping the hilts of the swords he had left behind. He ripped them from the stone with a shower of sparks.

"WAKE UP... THE FIVE DEMONIC GENERALS."

<COUNTER-FORMATION: DEMONIC FIVE GENERALS>

The atmosphere of the Soul Realm buckled. All five points where Ragal had struck the ground began to glow with a fierce, blinding radiance. Bright threads of light shot out from the seals, connecting with surgical precision to form a massive, shimmering pentagon that caged the area.

Every monster trapped within the geometry of the light was instantly incinerated, turning to fine gray ash. Only the Nine-Tails remained, her eyes wide with genuine shock as the trap snapped shut.

From the glowing seals, five towering figures rose. They were shapeless and formless, entities of pure, shifting shadow that seemed to swallow the light around them.

"You can’t stay in your soul realm for long, Leon Luster. I will be back!" the Nine-Tails shrieked. She tried to dissolve back into the mist, her form beginning to blur.

"Not so fast," Ragal growled, leveling a blade at her.

Instantly, one of the shadow figures raised a hand. A heavy, crimson chain erupted from its palm, lashing through the air with a metallic *Krrrrrr*.

The links wrapped tightly around her neck and waist, anchoring her to the physical plane and halting her escape.

"W-What the-!?" She struggled against the spectral iron, her eyes darting to Ragal as he began to walk toward her with slow, predatory steps.

"You thought you could do whatever you want, huh? You are just a mere illusion, and you thought you could trick me with those stupid tricks of yours?" Ragal’s grip on his swords was white-knuckled.

To the north of the Pentagon, another shadow raised its hand. Above its head, a massive black balance scale manifested in the air, tilting precariously.

"Karon... What does your libra say?" Ragal asked, his voice echoing in the sudden silence of the valley.

"EXECUTION." the word was not spoken so much as it was felt, a loud, authoritative roar that vibrated through the very foundations of the realm.

"Very fucking well then. Execution it is," Ragal said, an evil smile curling his lips as he closed the distance.

"S-STOP HIM!" the Nine-Tails screamed, her voice cracking as she commanded the remaining monsters outside the barrier to charge.

But as the horde threw themselves at the lines of light, a third shadow raised its hand.

"NO ONE SHALL PASS." The authoritative boom acted as a physical wall. Any monster that dared to cross the threshold of the pentagon was instantly reduced to ash, their bodies disintegrating before they could even touch the light.

Ragal stood before the Nine-Tails, looking into her frantic eyes. His smile was maniacal, the expression of a man who found joy in the destruction of his enemies.

"Woah..." Leon spoke with a shocked expression.

"I know you are just an illusion, but killing you will give me more satisfaction than killing a thousand living beings," he whispered.

With a blur of motion, he swung. His blade moved with the full weight of his arrogance and power, beheading her in a single, flawless strike.

*Thud.*

As her head hit the ground, the oppressive white mist that had choked the mountains vanished instantly, revealing the jagged peaks of the Soul Realm once more.

Outside the consciousness, the White Fox watched the shifting energies. "Very well then... It’s time I do my job," he murmured, a sharp smile appearing on his face.

<LAST RISE FOURTH FORM: CLEANSING THUNDER>

The world around him changed in a heartbeat.

The sky bruised purple and black as heavy clouds swirled into a vortex. A massive bolt of lightning descended, striking the White Fox’s blade with a deafening crack. As the electricity surged through the blade, he performed a fluid 360-degree spin, discharging the lightning in every direction like a radial wave of cleansing fire.

*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*

...

Back in the Soul Realm, white Fox’s voice resonated inside Leon’s head. ’Kid, now’s your chance.’

"Yes," Leon answered as he pulled his consciousness back, retreating from the soul realm and returning back to the physical world.

*Blink-Blink.*

His eyes snapped open. The suffocating haze of the mist was cleared from inside his body.

"HUP... HUP." Without wasting a second, he leaped back two stairs, reaching the safety of the clear air where the remnants of the mist couldn’t reach.

"I have to confirm," he whispered, his voice steady.

<Inspect>

[Name: Mists of Ilirai]

[Rank: SS]

[Description: Mists of Ilirai are the very powerful and most dangerous mists that can only be found inside an SSS-rank dungeon. Once inhaled, it is impossible to get out of its illusion spell. Mists of Ilirai are made up of thousands of consciousnesses mixed together; these mists contain the anger, pain, and misery of others and use them in its illusions to break their next prey.]

[Warning: Host is strongly advised not to inhale the mist at any cost.]

Leon stared at the floating blue screen. "I really need to be more careful of what I do next," he muttered, looking down at the path ahead.