

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: Meng Chuan and Yun Qingping
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Great Zhou Dynasty, Wu State, Eastcalm Prefecture.

From the main entrance of one of the eight major Dao Academies in Eastcalm Prefecture—Mirror Lake Dao Academy—a youth with a saber by his waist walked out.

“Senior Brother Meng.”

“Good day, Senior Brother Meng.”

“Greetings, Senior Brother Meng.”

The fellow disciples around him were rather friendly.

The young man nodded slightly at his junior brothers and sisters. In fact, many of them were older than him. However, the Dao Academy held the accomplished disciples with high regard. He had entered the Dao Academy’s Mountain River Pavilion two years ago. The twenty-two disciples from the Mountain River Pavilion were also the strongest twenty-two disciples of Mirror Lake Dao Academy. They were admired by many junior brothers and sisters. As for Senior Brother Meng, he was highly respected because he often gave them pointers. The other seniors from the Mountain River Pavilion couldn’t be bothered wasting time on them.

“Young Master, Young Master!” A familiar voice sounded out from the side.

A green-dressed girl ran out from the side. Meng Chuan chuckled when he saw this. “Green Bamboo, why are you here?”

“My lady wishes for you to tour the East Mountain with her. It snowed heavily last night, making for a beautiful snowy landscape,” said the green-robed maiden with a giggle.

“Visit East Mountain?” Meng Chuan frowned and said, “East Mountain is too far away. I’m afraid we’ll be spending the night at East Mountain if we make the trip. We’ll only be back tomorrow.”

The green-robed maiden laughed. “Our Yun family happens to own a villa in East Mountain that would serve as your accommodation.”

Meng Chuan shook his head and said, “Go back and tell Qingping that the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet will be in a month. I need to focus on my cultivation and prepare myself. I cannot accompany her.”

“About that...” The green-robed maiden hesitated.

“Just tell her that when you get back,” instructed Meng Chuan. “Also, make her spend more time cultivating. She shouldn’t be thinking about having fun all the time.”

“Yes, Young Master.” The green-robed maiden had no choice but to obediently answer him and return to report to her lady.

Meng Chuan shook his head slightly.

Yun Qingping—who he had been engaged to since he was young—left him exasperated.

...

Mirror Lake Dao Academy was built on the eastern shore of Mirror Lake. There were many residences on the west bank of Mirror Lake. One of them was Meng Manor.

“Young Master.” There were two guards at the entrance of the manor, and they were rather respectful when they saw Meng Chuan.

“Is my father in?”

“Master went to the ancestral mansion after they sent someone over. It happened just a moment ago,” said the guard.

Meng Chuan nodded thoughtfully and entered the manor.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!!!

Very quickly, he heard the whistling sound of arrows. He followed the sounds and arrived at the training grounds.

There was a red-dressed girl shooting arrows. An arrow traversed hundreds of feet and landed on a target dummy. Each subsequent arrow struck its predecessor’s shaft, one after another.

Meng Chuan watched from the side as she practiced her archery.

Her name was Liu Qiyue—the only daughter of his father’s friend, Liu Yebai. It was a friendship forged through life and death situations.

When Meng Chuan was eight, Liu Yebai brought his daughter to Meng Manor and took up residence ever since.

Qiyue was very similar to him—they had lost their mothers when they were young. They had cultivated together from a young age to this very day; thus, they enjoyed a deep relationship.

“Ah Chuan, you’re back.” The red-dressed girl’s eyes lit up when she saw Meng Chuan. “It’s so boring shooting these target dummies. Come, be my target dummy. If it weren’t for the fact that I was waiting for you, I would have gone to the Dao Academy to practice my archery. The Dao Academy’s archery field is much larger.”

“Alright, I’ll be your target dummy.” Meng Chuan smiled and walked to the center of the training grounds.

The red-dressed girl switched quivers—none of the arrows had arrowheads. Her eyes lit up as she looked at Meng Chuan. “Ah Chuan, you have to be careful. Don’t get thrashed by me again.”

“You be careful, too. This time, I will definitely crack your Seven Star Strafe.” Meng Chuan focused, awaiting the barrage of attacks.

Liu Qiyue giggled. Following that, her fingers moved like a phantom. She instantly drew her bow and fired, as though aiming was unnecessary.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Arrow after arrow shot out as she repeated the entire process over and over—removing an arrow from the quiver on her back, drawing her bow and shooting... It was akin to a normal person breathing. Every arrow was stunningly fast and powerful.

The saber at Meng Chuan’s waist was already unsheathed.

Any arrow flying towards him was blocked by the domain formed by his blade trajectories.

“Ah Chuan, your saber arts are becoming more and more powerful. From the looks of it, I will need to use Seven Star Strafe,” Liu Qiyue said with a cheeky smile as she shot. Clearly, it was very easy for her to shoot such arrows.

Swoosh!

Before the sound faded, the arrow shot out by the red-dressed girl was accompanied by an ear-piercing screech.

Here it comes! Meng Chuan turned even more solemn.

Pfft. Pfft.

Meng Chuan’s saber produced an arc, blocking the arrows like a dome. However, the Seven Star Strafe was a killer move that consumed a great deal of Quintessential Energy. The projectile speed would only increase with each arrow.

At the sixth arrow, Meng Chuan’s saber missed. He then felt a pain in his chest before involuntarily stumbling. His chest was probably bruised.

“I still can’t block it.” Meng Chuan shook his head helplessly.

“You’ve already blocked four of the five killer moves I’ve developed. All that’s left is the Seven Star Strafe,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “That’s already very impressive. Back in the Dao Academy, no one at the Marrow Cleansing realm is able to block my Triple Phantom Arrow, but you can.”

“I’ve been defending against your bow and arrows since I was young. Of course, I’m better than those at your Dao Academy.” Meng Chuan shook his head. “Besides, your arrows are headless. Adding them would only make the arrows faster. I’m afraid I won’t be able to fend off more than half of your five killer moves.”

“Ah Chuan, haven’t you heard? When everyone’s in the same realm, nobody can withstand the barrage of attacks from a sharpshooter,” Liu Qiyue said smugly.

“Qiyue... If it was a situation of life and death, I would’ve rushed to your side.”

“Sharpshooters have guards.” Liu Qiyue pursed her lips. “My guards will hold you back, then you will become my target dummy. Perhaps in the future, you will become my guard!”

Meng Chuan laughed.

He knew very well how terrifying a sharpshooter was. In any faction, top sharpshooters enjoyed extremely high status and were protected very well.

Qiyue was very talented in archery.

“Ah Chuan, did your dean summon you today and inform you about the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“Yes, you’ve gotten wind of it from your Blazing Sun Dao Academy too, I guess?” asked Meng Chuan.

“Yup! I’m the only one at the Marrow Cleansing realm among the top ten disciples of Blazing Sun Dao Academy. The dean decided to give me a spot,” said Liu Qiyue. “In the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet, demon-slaying is the forte of us sharpshooters.”

COMMENT

Meng Chuan smiled and said, “Although I’m one of the top ten disciples at the Marrow Cleansing realm, I will still have to fight for one of the three spots that my Mirror Lake Dao Academy has for the Marrow Cleansing realm. If I don’t get a spot, I won’t have the right to go.”

“Then have fun trying.” Liu Qiyue chuckled.

“Don’t be careless. You must not come into close proximity with the demons during the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet,” said Meng Chuan. “Let’s practice.”

With that said, he suddenly lunged forward.

“Catch me if you can!”

Liu Qiyue immediately ducked and even turned around to shoot an arrow.

...

Elsewhere, in one of the five major Godfiend clans of the Eastcalm Prefecture—the Yun family.

Yun Qingping was brewing tea for her father, Yun Fu’an.

“Dad, try some.” Yun Qingping placed a cup of tea in front of her father in an obsequious manner. She suddenly caught sight of her maid, Green Bamboo, who had just returned from afar. Her eyes lit up as she immediately shouted, “Green Bamboo!”

Green Bamboo could only obediently walk over.

“How is it? What did Meng Chuan say?” Yun Qingping asked immediately.

“Young Master Meng said that Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet is in a month’s time. He wants to focus on cultivation and prepare himself. He can’t accompany you to East Mountain,” whispered Green Bamboo.

“He’s not going again?” Yun Qingping was somewhat infuriated. “All he knows is cultivation.”

“Young Master Meng wants me to tell you to spend more time cultivating. Don’t always think about having fun all the time,” added Green Bamboo.

“He still wants to control me?” Yun Qingping got even angrier.

“I think Meng Chuan is right.” Yun Fu’an—who was sitting there—drank his tea happily and said, “You should cultivate well. Don’t always be frolicking around.”

“Dad, this Meng Chuan is like a block of wood,” Yun Qingping glanced at Yun Fu’an and couldn’t help but say, “When I was just a month old, you guys decided to engage me to Meng Chuan! But my personality is completely different from his. I like to play, and I like to invite many friends over to have fun. But he likes cultivation, painting, and silence. We don’t have any common topics when chatting. Just the thought of marrying him in the future drives me crazy.”

“It’s because you are too good at stirring up trouble that I need someone like him to subdue you. It’s a good thing,” Yun Fu’an said with a smile.

Yun Qingping rushed to her father’s side and hugged his arm. She wheedled. “Dad, I beg you. Go to the Meng family and tell Uncle Meng that we are canceling the engagement.”

“Don’t even think about it!” Yun Fu’an drank his tea and denied her request immediately.

“Dad!”

Yun Qingping angrily said, “Why do you insist on forcing me to marry him? Back then, I didn’t know a thing as a one-month-old baby, but you decided on my marriage. How did you know what Meng Chuan would be like when he grew up? You had no idea, but you insisted that I marry him. You have never cared about my thoughts. Don’t you think it’s too much?”

“Meng Chuan is quite a good option,” Yun Fu’an said. “He’s already excellent among the younger generation of the five Godfiend clans of the Eastcalm Prefecture.”

“So what if he’s good? I don’t like him!” Yun Qingping said angrily. “I don’t want to marry a so-called genius who doesn’t even share my interests.”

Yun Fu’an gently put down the teacup. He lifted his eyes and coldly stared at his daughter.

Yun Qingping’s heart trembled.

But the pride in her heart made her raise her head and stare back at her father!

“In the past six months, you’ve already requested me to cancel your engagement six times,” said Yun Fu’an coldly. “It seems like I’ve been spoiling you too much. I’ll make it clear for you today.”

Yun Qingping glared at her father.

Yun Fu’an continued, “The marriage between you and Meng Chuan is not only between the two of you. It is also a matter between the Yuns and the Mengs! Although our Yun family is one of the five major Godfiend clans, it has only been established for a few decades. We only have a few dozen clansmen, and we are still lacking in heritage. As for the Meng family, they are a Godfiend family that has been established for thousands of years, and they have over 10000 clansmen! Meng Chuan’s father, Meng Dajiang, will become the next clan leader of the Meng family. You are the only daughter in the Yun family’s third generation. If you marry Meng Chuan, it will naturally improve the ties between our two families. This will greatly benefit our Yun family.”

“Grandfather has already cultivated to become a Godfiend,” Yun Qingping retorted. “With Grandfather around, no one can shake the Yun family! In that case, why can’t you let me live a freer life?”

“Free? Freedom means marrying anyone you wish to marry?” Yun Fu’an said coldly.

“Why? Can’t I?” Yun Qingping raised her head and asked, “Are you willing to sacrifice me for the family? Dad, don’t you feel ashamed?”

“Shut up!”

Yun Fu’an stood up in anger and furiously pointed at his daughter, yelling, “Yun Qingping, when you want to go out and have fun, there will be a group of servants following you. If you want to eat the Flaming Dragon Fish in the middle of winter, someone will risk their lives to find it for you. Even when you don’t put effort into your cultivation, plenty of treasures are spent on you, allowing you to reach the Marrow Cleansing realm this year. I hired experts to give you one-on-one guidance, and because you are weak, I got three Mortal Shedding realm guards to protect you in secret. It costs 500 taels of silver to hire the three of them every month, not inclusive of all the other treasures needed to be bestowed...”

“For your so-called carefree life, do you know how much the clan has sacrificed?” Yun Fu’an stared at his daughter.

Yun Qingping was stunned.

She was not stupid.

With a simple calculation, she knew what a staggering amount the family had to spend on her to keep up such a life.

“You have enjoyed the benefits of the family, so you have to bear the consequences!” Yun Fu’an shouted furiously. “You want to just enjoy the benefits and not contribute anything? Dream on!”

“Also, I know that there’s a little fellow in your Dao Academy named Zhang Chong. He’s been quite attentive towards you recently, right?” Yun Fu’an sneered. “He’s just a boy who isn’t from the main family line of the Zhang family. Does he think he’s fit to marry my daughter? He should look at himself in the mirror and see who he is!”

“Dad, Senior Brother Zhang and I aren’t...” Yun Qingping immediately tried to explain.

“As long as I find out that anything is going on between the two of you that might taint the reputation of the Yun family and Meng family, not only will he die, even you won’t be spared! I will not hold back!” Yun Fu’an coldly stared at his frightened daughter. “When the time comes, don’t blame me for being heartless.”

Yun Qingping felt a chill run down her spine.

She had never seen a side of her father this cold. She was only fifteen years old this year.

“Daughter.” Yun Fu’an’s expression softened. “That’s what a marriage alliance between family clans is like. No matter how ugly or useless he is, you will have to marry him. My marriage with your mother was also decided by your grandfather. I didn’t get a choice! Speaking of which, his character is quite good. You should be glad.”

After saying that, Yun Fu’an shot a look at the trembling female servant—Green Bamboo—and ordered, “Green Bamboo, watch over her. Don’t let her make any further mistakes.”

“Yes,” Green Bamboo hurriedly replied.

Yun Fu’an then left with his hands clasped behind his back.

Yun Qingping stood there and stared blankly at her father’s departing figure. She thought of the words “...even you won’t be spared! I will not hold back! When the time comes, don’t blame me for being heartless.” This sentence struck her, Yun Qingping, deeply.

She felt that this world was different from what she had imagined all these years.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: Aim for the Skies
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Dawn.

In the training grounds of the Mirror Lake Meng Manor, Liu Qiyue was practicing her archery skills while Meng Chuan was practicing his saber arts in a corner.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

His saber arts were ethereal, bizarre, and unpredictable.

Furthermore, he was extremely fast. This was one of the best swift saber arts that mortals could learn—Falling Leaf Saber.

When he was six, he had undergone the family’s tests and was confirmed that he was the most talented in the swift saber arts. He loved to cultivate the swift saber because... it was fast!

After practicing the basic saber arts for two years at home, his father—Meng Dajiang—sent him to one of the eight major Dao Academies in the Eastcalm Prefecture when he was eight years old. Although the dean of the Mirror Lake Dao Academy—Ge Yu—was of average moral character, he was the fastest at using the saber in the entire Eastcalm Prefecture!

Meng Chuan had honed his basic saber arts to perfection when he was nine. His foundation was solid, and he was taught a good saber art—Wind Chasing Saber.

At the age of eleven, he had cultivated the Wind Chasing Saber to perfection. The dean then personally taught him his best saber art, the Falling Leaf Saber.

At thirteen years old, he achieved the Greater Mastery stage for Falling Leaf Saber, and became one of the members of the Dao Academy’s Mountain River Pavilion. Mountain River Pavilion only accepted the most outstanding disciples out of thousands of promising disciples in the entire Mirror Lake Dao Academy. Even now, Mountain River Pavilion only had 22 disciples.

Now, he was fifteen years old.

Unfortunately, my Falling Leaf Saber is still only at the Greater Mastery stage. I haven’t perfected it yet. Meng Chuan stopped, scrutinized the saber in his hand, then frowned. How can I figure out the secret technique of the Falling Leaf Saber and reach the first major realm of saber arts—the Unity realm?

All skills, regardless of what they involved—saber, sword, spears, etc—had major realms.

The first major realm was Unity. It referred to the fusion of one’s body, heart, and skills into one that allowed one to unleash unimaginable might.

The second major realm was known as “Force,” and the world was filled with such forces! The mountains had mountainous forces and water had aqueous forces. The usage of saber arts that required one to have similar worldly, terraneous, and elemental forces, gave rise to the Saber Force. For those who used swords, there was Sword Force. All of this implied a higher realm.

Yet, Meng Chuan remained at the foundational stage after so many years. Of course, he had honed his foundation to the limit. His saber arts were only one step away from reaching the Unity realm.

But the final step... was the most difficult!

Even in all of Eastcalm Prefecture, there are very few people who can reach the Unity realm. Meng Chuan knew this very well. Only by reaching the Unity realm would one be considered a true expert. Otherwise, they will only be mediocre.

The mediocre—even if they had plenty of Quintessential Energy—were nothing more than target dummies with greater strength and speed.

They would be killed the moment they clashed with a true expert.

According to the Falling Leaf Saber’s description, it’s divided into eighty-one stances. As long as one hones the 81 stances to a state of perfection, they will naturally be able to grasp the secret technique: Third Autumn Leaf. It will also be equivalent to reaching the first major realm of the saber art—Unity. Meng Chuan was rather lost because the entire manual only described the Unity realm with a short paragraph.

There was no other description. Even the moves were unrecorded.

“Naturally be able to grasp the secret technique” was too ambiguous. His Falling Leaf Saber had achieved Greater Mastery for two years; But, despite cultivating diligently every day, why hadn’t he been able to “naturally” figure out the secret technique?

Mortal cultivation is divided into five stages: Foundation Establishment, Internal Tempering, Marrow Cleansing, Mortal Shedding, and Seamless. To reach the Seamless realm from the Mortal Shedding realm... one has to hone their saber or sword skills to the Unity realm. Only when body, mind, and technique are truly united can one integrate all the powers in the Mortal Shedding realm, allowing for a breakthrough to the Seamless realm in one fell swoop. In a large family clan, sufficient pills are provided, so reaching the Mortal Shedding realm isn’t difficult. But very few can reach the Seamless realm!

He started establishing his foundation when he was six.

He stepped into the Internal Tempering realm at the age of nine, and Marrow Cleansing at twelve. According to his estimates, he should be able to reach the perfected Marrow Cleansing realm around June. This sort of speed was considered average among the core disciples of a Godfiend family clan. A lazy person like Yun Qingping had also reached the Marrow Cleansing stage at the age of fifteen thanks to her plentiful consumption of valuable pills. Her progress was considered rather slow.

Mortal cultivation had five main realms: Foundation Establishment, Internal Tempering, Marrow Cleansing, Mortal Shedding, and Seamless.

Further up was the Godfiend realm.

The gap between the Godfiend realm and the Seamless realm was like a chasm!

Becoming a Godfiend was extremely difficult. In the past century, only a few people in Eastcalm Prefecture became Godfiends.

I swore before my mother’s grave that I must become a Godfiend in this life. I shall slay demons and avenge my mother. He stopped practicing and looked at the saber in his hand. He had been ignorant as a child, but he now knew the difficulty of becoming a Godfiend. However, he refused to give up no matter how difficult it was. I have to master the Saber Unity realm as quickly as possible. In the future, I will need to master the second realm, Force. Only then will I have some hope of becoming a Godfiend.

Suddenly—

“Chuan’er.” A rotund figure walked into the training grounds.

Meng Chuan turned around. “Dad.”

The middle-aged man in front of him had a smile on his face. This was his father, Meng Dajiang. He ran a restaurant—the biggest restaurant in Eastcalm Prefecture. He was also destined to be the next clan leader of the Meng family.

Meng Dajiang was extremely powerful. He was one of the small handful of people who were considered the strongest under the Godfiend realm, and he also cultivated saber arts. Furthermore, he was a Seamless realm expert that attained Saber Force. But as a forty-seven-year-old, his chances of becoming a Godfiend grew increasingly slim!

“Uncle Meng.” Liu Qiyue also walked over.

“The 3rd of March is Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet, right? Qiyue is a sharpshooter, so Blazing Sun Dao Academy will definitely reserve a spot for you.” As Meng Dajiang spoke, Liu Qiyue nodded happily. Meng Dajiang looked at his son and asked, “Chuan’er, what about you? There are only three spots for Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s Marrow Cleansing disciples. Are you confident about obtaining one?”

“I’m not confident.” Meng Chuan knew himself. He said, “There isn’t much difference between the top ten disciples of the Dao Academy at the Marrow Cleansing stage. I have some hope to vie for it, but the chances of failing aren’t zero. If I can figure out the secret technique of Falling Leaf Saber, I’ll definitely have the confidence. Unfortunately, I haven’t been able to figure it out. Dad, do you have any special tricks to cultivate the secret technique?”

“Haha, your dean is the best swift saber expert in Eastcalm Prefecture. He will teach you what’s necessary,” said Meng Dajiang with a laugh. “As for the secret technique, I think it’s just about having more practice. More practice might lead to you figuring it out.”

Meng Chuan felt helpless.

There was no trick.

“Don’t harp on it. Among your generation in Eastcalm Prefecture, nobody in the Marrow Cleansing realm has figured out the secret technique.” Meng Dajiang laughed. “In the Meng family, I’m the most outstanding member of my generation; yet, it took me until I was nineteen before I figured out the secret technique.”

“However, according to legend, Patriarch Zhang grasped the secret technique at the age of thirteen, allowing his sword art to reach the Unity realm.” Meng Chuan sighed.

“Patriarch Zhang is the only person in the last hundred years of Eastcalm Prefecture that managed to become a disciple of the Archean Mountain. It was also because of this that the Zhang family became the leader of the five major Godfiend clans in Eastcalm Prefecture,” said Meng Dajiang. “Don’t be too anxious. Our Meng family’s Patriarch Yushan from five hundred years ago only figured out the secret technique at eighteen. However, didn’t he become a Godfiend at eighty years old? Even if he was a late bloomer, he still became a Godfiend.”

Meng Chuan obviously knew his family’s history.

When he was young, his mother would tell him stories about the development of Godfiends. He would also pester his parents for more!

Other than painting, he loved listening to stories the most as a child.

His parents had bought many storybooks about the famous Godfiends in history and took the time to read them to him.

“Mom, one day, I will become a Godfiend as well,” murmured Meng Chuan.

...

That afternoon, Meng Chuan arrived at Mirror Lake Dao Academy. This was because the dean was personally teaching saber arts to one of the classes. As the dean, he only needed to teach once every five days.

A two-hour lesson of saber arts came to an end.

There’s still no way to make a breakthrough.

I really don’t know when my saber arts will reach the Unity realm. Meng Chuan walked through the Dao Academy. He spent almost every day thinking about the Falling Leaf Saber’s secret technique to the point of almost going mad.

When he passed by an empty area, he heard angry shouting.

He looked over.

Lecturer Ma had broken out into a tirade at a group of youths.

“Aim for the skies; not doing so will only result in mediocrity. Do you understand?” Lecturer Ma shouted angrily. “I’m telling you to learn from the good, not the bad. Doing so will only exacerbate matters! If you don’t reach the Marrow Cleansing realm, you will be unsuccessful for the rest of your life. If you reach the Marrow Cleansing realm, you will have to serve the military at 20 years of age to fight demons. If you don’t sweat now, you will bleed in the future and lose your life. Barely half survive military service! Are you hoping to die on the battlefield or return in glory?”

“Look, that’s the Meng family’s Meng Chuan. He managed to reach the Greater Mastery stage of the Falling Leaf Saber at thirteen and entered our Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s Mountain River Pavilion. The dean even teaches him personally! There are no shortcuts to mastering saber arts, only hard work. I heard that Meng Chuan spends several hours cultivating at home every day. What about you guys? Have you reflected on yourselves?”

“Aim for the skies; not doing so will only result in mediocrity. I want you to learn from Meng Chuan, understand?”

Under the shouts of Lecturer Ma, the group of youths did not dare breathe.

As he roared, Lecturer Ma smiled at the passing Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan nodded with a smile in return, but his eyes suddenly lit up before he hurried home.

...

Upon returning to his manor, Meng Chuan immediately went to the study.

“Aim for the skies; not doing so will only result in mediocrity. If I want to learn, I have to learn from the best!” Meng Chuan mumbled to himself. His eyes brightened, and he became increasingly excited. If I want to learn from someone, I should learn from the strongest Godfiends! Learning from the strongest existence in history is what aiming for the skies is!

The invincible experts who managed to leave their names in history had mostly passed away, but their biographies remained in circulation even after thousands of years!

Their biographies contain their thoughts.

Meng Chuan raised his head and looked at the books on a bookshelf. Dad and Mom read many Godfiend stories to me when I was young. They bought me many books.

He casually picked up a book and flipped it open.

The book described Godfiend Deng Feng who had dominated an entire era. According to the records, Deng Feng grew up in the mountains and had never received any education from a famous master. His only relative died just after teaching him the Saber Drawing Stance. He practiced eight hours a day drawing his saber. He drew his saber ten thousand times without learning any other techniques.

Living alone in the depths of the mountains, this continued for twenty years.

By the time he left the mountains, he came to the outside world without knowing much. With strength at the Marrow Cleansing realm, just drawing his saber was enough to kill a Seamless realm expert. His saber art had already reached an inconceivable level. Once news of this spread, the legendary Archean Mountain immediately took the initiative to recruit him and made him a disciple. This caused him to embark on the path of a Godfiend.

...

The book was very long, and it recorded many stories after Deng Feng became a Godfiend. These had won the respect of future generations.

In terms of cultivation matters, little was mentioned. The only mention was “eight hours a day, drawing his saber ten thousand times for twenty years.”

This was the most important line in this book for Meng Chuan.

Even if an expert uses a saber art slowly, two hours is enough to draw a saber ten thousand times. Meng Chuan frowned. Yet, he spent eight hours every day, which means that every saber move channels his strength; he puts his heart and mind into it before he draws the saber! One after another... every saber move will accumulate power before erupting. Only by doing so ten thousand times will it take eight hours.

Putting his heart and mind into it? Practicing the same move? Through sheer numbers?

Meng Chuan held a brush in front of his desk and recorded it down before reading another Godfiend’s biography.

He needed to learn from the numerous Godfiend biographies to find the similarities to achieve the potency of a Godfiend.

Aim for the skies; not doing so will only result in mediocrity.

If he wanted to learn... he had to learn from the best!

He had to study from all the invincible Godfiends throughout history!

“Uncle Qian,” Meng Chuan suddenly called out.

“Young Master.” A voice sounded from outside.

“Bring two people with you and buy all the Godfiend biographies on the market for me! There’s also the educational material from some powerful Godfiend families. Buy one of each for me. Make haste!” said Meng Chuan.

“Alright, I’ll go now,” replied Uncle Qian immediately.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: Novice and Grandmaster
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan carefully read the biographies. Many of these were written by large clans about a particular ancestor of theirs for publicity! Some of them were independently written by commoners because the Godfiend in question was truly famous. Some of the most famous Godfiends’ biographies had dozens of versions. Some sects had voluntarily written down biographies for Godfiends. The most exaggerated ones were the autobiographies. The Godfiends who wrote those hoped that their descendants would remember their deeds.

These biographies are mainly telling stories. Sometimes, only a few sentences in one book are useful to my cultivation. It’s even possible that I can’t find anything useful in a single biography. Also, some of these stories are highly credible and some are less trustworthy. They need to be classified accordingly.

Meng Chuan came from a Godfiend family clan after all. With the guidance of Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s system, his foundation was very solid. His top-notch saber art had reached the Greater Mastery stage, and he was only a step away from reaching Unity.

With such a foundation, he was better equipped to distinguish the utility of each biography.

In one of the biographies, Meng Chuan saw a maxim from the North Sword Emperor that was directed towards his descendants. Not putting your heart and mind into sword practice makes one merely a slave of the sword. Only by putting your heart and mind into training will you become the master of the sword.

As he stared at these words, he pondered. The descendant that North Sword Emperor gave pointers to was a Seamless realm expert. The latter’s sword technique should have reached Unity at the very least. He should have put his heart and mind into it during his usual training, but the North Sword Emperor still said that... Clearly, he didn’t consider the Seamless realm expert to have put his heart and mind into his cultivation.

...

Meng Chuan continued reading the Godfiends’ biographies.

Occasionally, the maxims left behind by a particular Godfiend or certain deeds led to Meng Chuan speculating.

To normal people, it was only a story.

But in the eyes of someone looking for inspiration, one could see the reasons behind the strength of Godfiends.

One skill to eat your fill; one skill to kill. All you need is one skill without the frills. This was a quote from one of the biographies. It came from a conversation between a powerful Godfiend—Fiend Saber Wei Feng—and his disciple three thousand years ago. There were a total of fifteen versions of Fiend Saber Wei Feng’s story sold in the Eastcalm Prefecture.

Amongst them, there were similar sayings to “one skill to eat your fill; one skill to kill. All you need is one skill without the frills.” Meng Chuan also recorded this down.

Apart from the biographies, he also valued the family teachings from the famous Godfiend family clans.

Family teachings were left behind by Godfiends. Generally speaking, they were matters Godfiends believed were extremely important.

The more he recorded, the more shocked he became.

Aim for the skies; not doing so will only result in mediocrity. It’s indeed right to learn from the most powerful Godfiends in history! However, the biographies are just the tip of an iceberg. Without a strong foundation, it’s very easy for one to go astray. Meng Chuan realized this because he noticed that many family’s teachings emphasized one’s cultivation foundation.

All members of the family were to enter the Dao Academies and receive a complete education in cultivation.

This was because the Dao Academies were established by the oldest sect in the world—Archean Mountain. They were in every large city in the Great Zhou Dynasty, and all Dao Academies’ education system was established by Archean Mountain. Only by cultivating in the Dao Academies could one have a solid foundation.

Of course, it only taught him the basics. His saber arts were only one step away from reaching the Unity realm. The Dao Academy had taught him all he needed in his seven years of cultivation. What he needed was to figure things out himself now.

My foundation is sufficient. What I need now is the final step to make a breakthrough. Much of what I’ve recorded today has inspired me. However, there’s no rush. I’ll read through these books briefly before consolidating them. I need at least three Godfiends to have shared similar cultivation principles before I consider them trustworthy.

...

Day after day, Meng Chuan gathered and consolidated knowledge in ever-increasing amounts. He also included the “Immutable Laws” of Mirror Lake Dao Academy—they were cultivation rules that Archean Mountain had set in stone.

The combination of the two allowed Meng Chuan to understand even more.

It’s done.

In the evening, Meng Chuan looked at his notebook and smiled. These five days have been more important than the past five years of my cultivation. Meng Chuan looked at the notebook in excitement. He now had a clearer understanding of cultivation.

The first commandment of cultivation emphasized the extreme importance of one’s foundation. It was akin to the foundation of a house. Entering the Dao Academy and undergoing a complete cultivation system was the best choice.

The second commandment emphasized frequency. No matter how much one imagined inwardly, it couldn’t be compared to cultivating ten thousand times! Sayings like drawing one’s saber ten thousand times and repeating Sanguine Shadow Thrust daily were mentioned by twelve Godfiends.

The third commandment was one skill to eat your fill! It was similar to the second commandment; he only needed one skill to kill enemies. If he cultivated one skill to the extreme, it would be more useful than cultivating ten other relatively powerful killer moves.

The fourth commandment involved the difficulty of cultivation. Even if one endured hardships and grit their teeth to cultivate, they would only be novices! Only those who truly enjoyed and immersed themselves in cultivation and carefully studied the profundity of each move, could become a grandmaster.

He also understood the true meaning behind the North Sword Emperor’s words “not putting your heart and mind into sword practice makes one merely a slave of the sword. Only by putting your heart and mind into training will you become the master of the sword.” The typical cultivator trained hard, but this wasn’t them putting their heart into it. To truly enjoy the swordplay, be obsessed with it, to abandon everything external, and completely indulge in training like a crazed demon would one become a grandmaster. Otherwise, one would only be a novice.

The fifth commandment: “Progress in the day, change over the months, success will ultimately come...”

The sixth commandment...

...

There were a total of nine commandments.

All of the commandments had at least three Godfiends mentioning them. Furthermore, with what Meng Chuan knew, he found them extremely reasonable.

I’ve been practicing my saber every day for several hours to exhaustion. But no matter how tired I was, I’d just grit my teeth and endure it. In the past, I thought I was putting in the effort, but clearly, that doesn’t mean putting my mind and heart into it. I need to be enjoying and immersing myself in the saber arts while I seriously ponder over every move. Meng Chuan felt that this was the biggest problem he had. To begin with, cultivation was very tiring.

Normally, he would draw for two hours in the afternoon. This was his only guilty pleasure. It was a hobby he had since childhood. Through painting, his accumulated fatigue from cultivation would be forgotten, and his heart would also be extremely calm. This allowed him to persevere one year after another.

Now, it seemed like his take on things was wrong.

In the past, I seemed to be diligent and hardworking, but in the end, I was just a novice. Unable to hold back any longer, Meng Chuan put down the notebook and walked out of the study to the courtyard.

In the courtyard, he began to train his top-tier saber art, Falling Leaf Saber.

Unlike before—he only used the first stance of the Falling Leaf Saber, the Saber Drawing Stance. He threw everything else to the back of his mind as he completely focused on his saber art, as though the only thing in the world was the saber in his hand! Then he struck out with his saber! He could sense the silence of the saber as it was unsheathed. He could sense that the saber art was still the same old saber art, but his mentality had changed. What he “saw” changed as well.

Since he was young, he had chosen the swift saber because he liked it sincerely from the bottom of his heart. It was solely because of the exhausting, repetitive training that ground his passion away. But when he changed his state of mind today, he once again focused on his saber arts using both body and mind.

That love was awakening.

The saber was silently unsheathed.

The saber’s trajectories were beautiful strokes in a painting. He tried his best to make the trajectory more graceful with each slash, causing the wind generated from each slash to become faster. Truly powerful saber techniques had a beauty to it, and Meng Chuan’s saber technique was approaching such a level.

He repeated the same move again and again, trying to strike faster and more silently when drawing his saber, working hard to slice through the wind at an ever-increasing speed.

He repeated it fifty times before he was satisfied.

This should be the way to cultivate! Meng Chuan was excited, and then he began to use the second stance—Whirling Moon Stance.

...

Two days after Meng Chuan compiled the cultivation notes, in an underground hall of the Yun family.

Whoosh~

In the center of the hall, purple flames rose.

COMMENT

A black-haired elder was seated in the lotus position within the flames, completely unharmed.

“Dad, you summoned me?” Yun Fu’an respectfully walked to the main hall but didn’t dare approach. Even from afar, he could feel heat—which caused the air to distort—rushing towards him.

“Fu’an.” The black-haired elder opened his eyes, his gaze calm. “I just received a piece of news. That old woman from the Meng family was heavily injured while defending against the demons at the Calm Sea Pass. She probably won’t live for long. She should be returning to Eastcalm in the next few days.”

Yun Fu’an was astonished. “Dad, are you referring to Fairy Meng?”

“Yes.”

The black-haired elder nodded slightly.

“Could it be a mistake?” Yun Fu’an was in disbelief. “Isn’t it said that Fairy Meng is the best at reconnaissance. Nothing within five kilometers can be hidden from her. She doesn’t even need to rush to the forefront, so how was she suddenly seriously injured?”

“There’s no mistake about it,” the black-haired elder said coldly. “King Calm Sea hired several highly skilled doctors for her, but that old woman’s injuries are too severe. Nothing can save her. This is no longer a secret at Calm Sea Pass! If she doesn’t continue fighting and lives an ignoble life, she will live for another eight years at most. If she fights with all her might, her lifespan will be even shorter.”

“At most eight years?” Yun Fu’an couldn’t help but say, “Without Fairy Meng, isn’t the Meng family finished?”

“The five Godfiend clans of the Eastcalm Prefecture will soon become four.” The black-haired elder nodded.

A family clan flourished because of a Godfiend.

Likewise, without Godfiends, a family clan would become ordinary.

“The Meng family will also lose the right to occupy so many important positions and interests in Eastcalm,” the black-haired elder said coldly. “Right, you should make a trip to the Meng family to get them to hand over the marriage agreement between Qingping and that fellow named Meng Chuan, and tear it apart on the spot! The current Meng family... doesn’t deserve to enter a marriage alliance with us.”

“Yes,” Yun Fu’an replied respectfully.

“However, before that old woman dies, there’s no need to lose decorum with them.” After speaking, the black-haired elder closed his eyes.

Yun Fu’an quietly departed.

...

“What? Annulling the marriage agreement?” Yun Qingping stared at her father in shock. Wasn’t he opposed to it? Why is he suddenly changing his mind?

“I’m just informing you.” Yun Fu’an smiled. “Today, I will pay the Meng family a trip to annul your engagement.”

Yun Qingping couldn’t help but ask, “Will the Meng family hand over the marriage contract obediently?”

“They will,” Yun Fu’an said confidently. His father had received the news from a good friend that the Meng family already knew about their ancestor’s impending demise. These large family clans knew themselves well. Stubbornly resisting would only invite insult upon themselves.

Yun Qingping immediately said, “Dad, I just want to annul the engagement. I don’t want to fall out with them and ruin the harmony between our families. Why don’t we invite Uncle Meng over for a discussion...”

“There’s no need to go through so much trouble.” Yun Fu’an smiled. “Alright, leave this matter to me. Just stay at home and wait for the good news.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: This Is a Good Thing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

A study within Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

After practicing for an entire day, even though Meng Chuan remained energetic and excited, he still had to rest due to the exhaustion of his Quintessential Energy. He came to the study room to begin what he did every day—painting.

There was a piece of paper lying on the tabletop, and beside it, a beautiful color palette. All the paint was of high quality.

Meng Chuan put his heart into painting. He had fallen in love with painting since he was young.

Perhaps it was because his mother was good at painting and had taught him how to draw. This was what he loved the most when he was young. Imagine a three-year-old child painting for nearly eight hours straight, to the point he forewent his meals without complaining about fatigue. He would still laugh happily despite his paint-covered body. His mother had said, “My son is extremely talented. He will definitely become the number one artist in the world. Every painting will be worth its weight in gold.”

He was born in the Meng family; his parents doted on him, so he was carefree.

However, when he was six, over a hundred thousand people had died in a great catastrophe. His mother was no exception.

After his parents protected him with all their might and retreated to Eastcalm Prefecture, he focused on cultivating. However, he would still draw for two hours every day. Whenever he drew, he would forget about his fatigue from cultivation. He felt as though he had returned to a time when he was young. His mother would give him pointers, and his mind would be incomparably peaceful.

Now, he was fifteen years old.

After painting for over a decade, and being taught by several accomplished artists, he had long surpassed his teachers. His mother had been right. His talent was indeed outstanding—at least higher than his talent towards saber arts.

But what use was that? Could the best artist slay demons?

Knock. Knock. Knock.

There was an urgent knock on the door outside the study.

Huh? Meng Chuan looked outside curiously. No one disturbs me when I’m usually painting. What’s going on?

He put down the brush, then opened the door. His father, Meng Dajiang, was standing outside. His normal jovial smile was gone; his current expression was rather solemn.

“Chuan’er, quickly follow me to the ancestral mansion,” said Meng Dajiang.

“Okay.” He immediately followed his father without hesitating. “Dad, why have you been frequently visiting the ancestral mansion recently?”

“It’s nothing.” Meng Dajiang didn’t elaborate.

“Then why are we heading to the ancestral mansion now?” Meng Chuan asked again. As a junior, he paid a small handful of visits to the ancestral mansion annually.

Meng Dajiang glanced at his son and said, “It’s about your engagement with Yun Qingping. We decided to annul the engagement after a discussion between our families.”

“Annul the engagement?” Meng Chuan was shocked. “Dad, why is it suddenly being annulled?”

“You can’t bear to have it annulled?” Meng Dajiang looked at his son.

“Not at all.” Meng Chuan immediately shook his head. “I only meet Yun Qingping once every few months. Our personalities don’t match, so annulling the engagement is a good thing for me.”

He was only fifteen this year; he didn’t know anything about love. He saw Yun Qingping as a familiar and willful younger sister. Nothing more.

“It’s good that you think that way. Our families have already agreed to annul the engagement,” said Meng Dajiang. “When we reach the ancestral mansion, you just have to listen. Don’t speak too much.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “Yes.”

...

The Meng family’s ancestral mansion was situated in Eastcalm’s western district. It occupied a very large area—more than two thousand clansmen resided there. From the center of their occupied land, over half a kilometer could be traversed from south to north.

The Meng family’s foundation was in the countryside. Due to the threat of demons, people in the countryside combined forts to protect themselves. Each fort had thousands of people inside; it was very common for the same clan to gather in one fort. After a millennium of reproduction, the Meng family had three large forts and numbered over ten thousand people. There were few clans this large in Eastcalm Prefecture.

The special thing about the Meng family was that they had a Godfiend. They immediately became one of the five major Godfiend family clans with the highest status in Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Elder.”

“Elder.”

The ancestral mansion was very orderly. Some of the patrolling clan members bowed and greeted Meng Dajiang respectfully when they saw the duo.

Meng Dajiang was one of the three strongest members of the Meng family. He was still considered young and had a sliver of hope of becoming a Godfiend. He was to be the family’s next clan leader.

“Mmm?”

Meng Chuan followed his father into the guest hall.

Several people were already seated on both sides of the hall. On one side were those from the Meng family and the other—the Yun family. However, the atmosphere was clearly not quite right. At a glance, Meng Chuan could tell that the elders from his family didn’t look too good.

“Brother Dajiang is here.” Yun Fu’an stood up and smiled. “Have you brought the marriage agreement?”

“Yes.” Meng Dajiang nodded slightly.

Yun Fu’an smiled and said, “The other Elders have no objections to the annulment of the engagement. I believe it’s the same for you, am I right, Brother Dajiang?”

Meng Dajiang stood there and laughed. “If both families have the intention of building close ties through marriage, that will be nice. However, since there’s no intent, it’s better to annul the engagement early. This is the marriage agreement.”

He took out a scroll and handed it to Yun Fu’an with both hands.

After Yun Fu’an received the scroll, he unfurled it and took a closer look. He nodded slightly after seeing the names signed on it. It was indeed the marriage agreement from before. The two ancestors’ handwriting couldn’t be forged.

“Yun Fu’an, please tear the marriage agreement apart right here,” said a bald, thin elder from the Meng family.

“Haha! Are you worried that I’ll bring it back, and await a critical moment before using it to force Meng Chuan to marry my daughter?” Yun Fu’an laughed. “Don’t worry, I won’t do anything that shameless!”

As he said that, Yun Fu’an tore the marriage agreement.

“I’ve already torn the marriage agreement—everyone can bear witness. All of you can be at ease now.” Yun Fu’an smiled as his gaze swept across the Meng family Elders. “I won’t intrude any longer.”

He walked out as he spoke. The other Yun family members followed behind him.

When he passed where Meng Chuan was, Yun Fu’an stopped and smiled. “My dear nephew, take heed. You are no longer related to my daughter, Qingping, anymore.”

“Yes, zero ties,” replied Meng Chuan.

Only then did Yun Fu’an nod his head and lead everyone away.

Meng Dajiang watched as Yun Fu’an left and frowned slightly. He calmly said, “Chuan’er, the engagement has been annulled. You can return. I still have matters that need attending to.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan glanced at the Elders and left obediently.

Thud!

The door to the hall closed. The hall remained bright through candle illumination.

“What bullies! They’re too much!” The bald, thin elder’s walking stick slammed onto the ground—producing a mildly deafening thud.

“It appeared like we were negotiating, but in reality, we had no choice at all. Could we thicken our skin and go through with the marriage alliance?” A swarthy elder sneered. “If we dared to cook up a storm at the Yun family, we will probably be slapped to death by the Yun family’s patriarch!”

“Having the engagement annulled is also good. Would it be of any use to use the engagement to force the Yun family’s hand when it’s just the marriage between two juniors? The Yun family would just bear a grudge against us. A marriage alliance is to aid one another. It’s better not to ally if we were enemies. This marriage is honestly trivial to our Meng family. Third Sis’ injuries are what has shaken our Meng family’s foundation!” An elegant elder looked at the fat elder above them. “Clan Leader, can’t we treat Third Sis’ injuries?”

The fat elder frowned. “Third Sister will return to Eastcalm in two days. We’ll talk about it when that happens.”

Meng Dajiang listened and frowned.

The Meng family’s pillar was on the verge of collapsing; the Meng family Elders were also worried.

The Meng family kept the news secret, and only the Elders knew about it. If such news spread, over ten thousand clan members would be thrown into a state of panic. It would only add to their troubles.

Now...

The upper echelons of the other four Godfiend family clans also knew, but they didn’t spread it either. They were afraid that ignorant juniors would anger the Meng family. After all, Fairy Meng wasn’t dead yet! Even if she was dead, she had many Godfiend friends. However, her Godfiend friends wouldn’t interfere as long as one didn’t go overboard.

Without a Godfiend, the Meng family would not be able to bear many of the heavy responsibilities. They naturally wouldn’t be able to enjoy so much power if they couldn’t bear their responsibilities.

Responsibility and power were equal.

From lowly mortals to esteemed Godfiends, presently, nobody could escape responsibility.

As long as a mortal reached the Marrow Cleansing realm, they would have to serve in the military for five years at the age of twenty—regardless of gender! Only half would return alive. However, people still wanted to reach the Marrow Cleansing realm because the rules of the Imperial Court forbade them from many occupations if they were so weak that they held little value to the military. They could only be bottom-feeders, living the most pitiful lives.

As for Godfiends, they were the backbone of humanity. Every single Godfiend had spent their entire lives fighting and protecting. Even if they returned to their hometown to rest, they had to guard their hometown’s city.

As a result, Godfiends were illustrious and exalted. Their family clans bathed in their glory. When Godfiends passed away or were unable to take on such a heavy responsibility, their family clan would retire from the important positions they occupied.

...

It was almost dark when Meng Chuan arrived home.

“Ah Chuan, quickly have dinner. I heard that you and Uncle Meng went to the ancestral mansion. I thought you weren’t coming back for dinner today.” Liu Qiyue was sitting while eating porridge and pastries. Meng Chuan sat across from her, and a maidservant brought over a bowl of porridge. He drank some porridge as his mind wandered.

“Why aren’t you talking? What happened?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“Oh.”

After snapping back to his senses, Meng Chuan casually said, “Our families have decided to annul my engagement with Yun Qingping after discussions.”

“Annul the engagement?” Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up.

“Yes, it just happened. The marriage agreement was torn apart on the spot.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Liu Qiyue carefully observed him and asked, “Why? Are you very sad about annulling the engagement? Why are you drinking porridge in a daze?”

“No.” Meng Chuan shook his head immediately. “It’s not like you aren’t aware that Yun Qingping and I don’t click. She’s happy to annul the engagement and I’m relieved too. This is a good thing for both of us. How can I be sad?”

“Then why are you in a daze?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“I just feel like something isn’t right,” said Meng Chuan with a frown. “The engagement was made personally by the two ancestors back then. Even if they came to annul the engagement, the Yun family would have at least sent their Three Heroes. This is the most basic form of respect for my Meng family. However, they sent only Yun Fu’an, the fifth and most useless child. Isn’t he looking down on my Meng family? This is my first doubt.”

“Secondly, the Clan Leader and the Elders had ugly looks on their faces inside the hall. But from beginning to end, they held back. Since when did the Clan Leader have such a good temper?”

“Thirdly, Yun Fu’an usually has a fawning, lowly attitude when in front of my father and the rest. But today, he was much more insolent. What instigated such behavior?”

“Most importantly, there must be a reason behind the annulment. What caused the engagement, agreed between the two ancestors, to be annulled?”

Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue. “I’m guessing that either the Yun family has obtained a huge backer or it’s because of my Meng family.”

Liu Qiyue was shocked. “Ah Chuan, I really can’t figure out how you thought about all this at once.”

“It’s just wild speculation. Since Dad didn’t tell me, he naturally has his reasons.” Meng Chuan smiled.

“To think that the person whose engagement was just annulled can still smile. Hurry up and eat your pastry,” Liu Qiyue urged with a smile.

“Yes, yes.” Meng Chuan immediately picked up the pastries and started eating.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: The Return of the Ancestor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

th February, in a moor outside Eastcalm City. The sky was gloomy.

Screech! A bird’s melodious cry rang out. A giant bird bathed in thunder swooped down from the clouds. On its back sat two figures.

Boom!

As the flying bird approached the ground, the entire wilderness trembled as lightning blasted out from its massive wings. Lightning bolts snaked into the distance before dissipating.

Two figures descended from the bird’s back.

One was a middle-aged woman, the other an elderly woman holding a walking stick.

“Junior Sister Huang, you don’t have to accompany me any further now that I’m back in my hometown. Go back,” said the old lady with a smile as she supported herself with the walking stick.

“Sister Meng.” The middle-aged woman’s eyes welled with tears. Her “Sister Meng” wasn’t this old in the past. Her severe injuries showed her age. However, one could still tell that she had been a beauty when she was younger.

“I’m afraid it will be difficult for us to meet again after this farewell,” said the old woman with a happy sigh. “However, I think I have it okay. At least I can return to my hometown before I die and spend the last few years here. Those who died in battle are nothing but piles of dust.”

“Sister Meng, just send a letter if you need my help. I, Huang Xiangning, will do my best,” said the middle-aged woman solemnly.

“I’ll do so if it’s needed.” The old woman smiled. “Alright, hurry back.”

The middle-aged woman carefully glanced at the old woman before finally jumping onto the avian creature’s back. Soon, the bird flapped its wings and lightning filled the void.

Whoosh.

With lightning and thunder following, the avian creature soared into the sky and disappeared into the horizon.

The old lady watched her companion leave before turning to look at Eastcalm City. She smiled. It’s time to go home. The heavens have treated me well, having allowed me to return to my roots!

Dong!

Ripples surrounded the old lady when she tapped the ground lightly with her walking stick. Numerous ripples spread out in all directions—enveloping a 1000 feet radius.

She held her walking stick as she walked towards Eastcalm City—completely covered by the ripples. Every step she took covered hundreds of feet. Nobody seemed to notice her, even when she walked past some travelling merchants along the way. They continued to laugh and chat.

She arrived at the city gates moments later.

Eastcalm City.

The old woman held her walking stick and stared at the majestic city before her.

This was her hometown—the place she lived when she was young!

The old woman smiled as she continued to advance. Despite the huge number of people at the gates, nobody saw the old woman—including the guards. It was as if she didn’t exist. She walked through the streets and arrived at the Meng family’s ancestral mansion.

She entered the ancestral mansion.

Many clansmen were patrolling the ancestral mansion, but likewise, none of them could see the old woman.

Gulp! Gulp! Gulp! Inside one of the courtyards of the ancestral mansion, a fat elder was drinking in low spirits.

“Pingping, is that some secret drinking I spy?” A voice rang out in the courtyard.

The fat elder shuddered in fear. He looked around and couldn’t help but ask, “Third Sis, is that you? Third Sis?”

A smiling old woman with a walking stick appeared out of thin air in the courtyard.

“Third Sis.”

The fat elder’s eyes turned red. He was Fairy Meng’s only younger brother. The other family Elders addressed her as “Third Sis” out of practicality. The family clan was too large with its millennium-long history. Many members of the family were separated by a few generations. The fat elder’s name was Meng Yanping, the current clan leader of the Meng family. He was about twenty years younger than Fairy Meng. Therefore, he was brought up by Fairy Meng when he was young. He treated her as both his sister and mother.

In his heart, his sister had always been young, beautiful, and omnipotent. Now, she had aged so much.

“Why are you crying? Am I not living well?” said the old woman with a smile.

“Third Sis, are you really unable to treat your injuries?” asked the fat elder.

“As long as I don’t fight with full strength, I should stay alive for another eight years,” the old woman said calmly. “Humans are affected by sickness and death, and Godfiends similarly have a limited lifespan. What’s there to be sad about? The next few years give me plenty of time to put the Meng family back on track. Did anything happen when news about my severe injuries reached Eastcalm Prefecture?”

“Our family annulled the engagement with the Yun family. It’s the engagement of that little fellow, Meng Chuan,” said the fat elder. “As for the rest, the four Godfiend family clans only engaged in some cheap tricks. They didn’t dare to truly provoke our Meng family.”

“Yes. Back then, Yun Wanhai wanted to use our families’ engagement as a way to better his family. Now that I’m seriously injured, it’s not surprising that he canceled his engagement.”

The old lady instructed, “Right, Pingping...”

“Third Sis, I’m already ninety years old. I’m the Meng family’s clan leader. Can you call me by my actual name?” The fat elder couldn’t help but lament.

“Oh, alright, alright. I won’t embarrass you,” said the old woman with a smile. “Meng Pingping, gather all the Clan Elders to the Blazing Fire Hall. I want to meet them.”

“What Meng Pingping? My name is Meng Yanping,” the fat elder mumbled as he quickly went to gather the Elders.

His sister was like his mother who had brought him up. She protected him and allowed him to come this far.

Hearing his elder sister call him “Pingping” made Clan Leader Yanping walk with a bounce in his step.

...

The Meng family’s ancestral mansion, the Blazing Fire Hall.

Only the most important matters regarding the family clan would reach here. The area around the Blazing Fire Hall was heavily-guarded today.

In the main hall.

Fairy Meng stood there with her walking stick. She looked at the plaque in the hall: “Blazing Fire.”

The clan leader and the elders all stood respectfully, not daring to make a sound.

In terms of age...

Fairy Meng was 112 years old this year. She was the oldest in the family. In terms of strength, Fairy Meng had become a Godfiend at 35. She had protected the Meng family for nearly eighty years and the Meng family had flourished for eighty years. There was no doubt about the prestige she held in the Meng family. With a single order, many clansmen would not hesitate dying.

After staring at the words “Blazing Fire” on the plaque for a long time, Fairy Meng turned around. Her gaze swept across all the Elders present. All the Elders bowed nervously.

“Are there any talents in our Meng family’s younger generation, ones who have a chance of becoming a Godfiend?” inquired Fairy Meng. Although the Meng family had been rooted in Eastcalm Prefecture for more than a thousand years, it had only produced two Godfiends. One was Patriarch Yushan from five hundred years ago, while the other was Fairy Meng. Their eras allowed the Meng family to reach its peak. What Fairy Meng wanted the most was...

To be able to nurture a third Godfiend in the history of the family clan.

Initially, she could have patiently searched for a suitable junior worth nurturing. However, time was of the essence, and she could only choose from whoever was available.

“Dajiang is quite talented. He figured out the saber’s secret technique at 19 and gained insights into Saber Force at the age of 30. Now, he’s only 47-years-old. There’s a sliver of hope for him to become a Godfiend,” said a bald elder.

“Dajiang?”

Fairy Meng looked at the Meng Dajiang.

“Aunt.” The plump Meng Dajiang immediately bowed.

“Have you condensed your core?” asked Fairy Meng.

Meng Dajiang shook his head.

Fairy Meng frowned. To not condense a core at age 47 made his chances of becoming a Godfiend very slim.

“What about the young ones?” pressed Fairy Meng.

“Among the young ones, three of them are not bad,” said Clan Leader Meng Yanping immediately. “Meng Zhu is 23 this year and at the Seamless realm. He is in the midst of military service at Qinyang Pass. He figured out the secret technique at 19. And there’s Meng Wenying. She’s 16 and she achieved Greater Mastery of a top-notch sword art at 12. There’s also Dajiang’s son, Meng Chuan. He is 15 this year, achieving Greater Mastery of a top-notch saber art at 13. Meng Wenying and Meng Chuan are both young, but they haven’t figured out the secret technique yet.”

Fairy Meng fell silent.

Meng Zhu had only figured out the secret technique when he was 19. This was very late for those becoming Godfiends! This was because it was unknown when he would gain insight into “Force.” By the time that happened, the chances of him becoming a Godfiend became even more distant.

Meng Wenying and Meng Chuan; one was 16, while the other was 15. Time was tight, and they had yet to grasp the key secret technique.

Even if she wanted to choose from second best, they couldn’t be considered as good.

“All of you can go back,” said Fairy Meng coldly. “For the next few years, the juniors of the entire family clan will receive better nurturing. This is an important matter for the family clan. Nothing else supersedes this in importance. Before I die, I want to see a seedling who has a chance of becoming a Godfiend.”

Clearly, she didn’t see any outstanding seedlings. All she could do was spread the net, hoping for the nine to twelve-year-olds to become geniuses.

“Yes,” the clan leader and the elders replied in unison.

“This matter involves the rise and fall of the family, so there’s no room for delay. If anyone were to siphon off the benefits while this happens, they will be punished as per the family’s rules.” After Fairy Meng said that, she walked out with her walking stick.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: Nurturing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The Meng family’s ancestral mansion bustled with activity as people lined up to collect their treasured pills.

“That’s plenty.”

“So many pills were given out?”

The clansmen who obtained the treasured pills were astonished. A woman held her seven-year-old daughter’s hand and received her daughter’s monthly cultivation resources. She was also shocked. “Previously, my daughter only received three taels of silver a month and a Lifeblood Pill. Now, she’s getting 30 taels of silver and 10 Lifeblood Pills? She can consume a Lifeblood Pill once every three days?”

Her daughter was only seven. She didn’t focus on cultivation and was given only the most basic resources the family clan gave the younger generation. Yet, her quota had increased tremendously.

“Everyone, the clan leader has personally announced that from this month onwards, all clan members below the age of 20 will receive ten times the amount of pills and silver every month.” The clan members who were responsible for distributing the resources also began to explain. This soon spread, turning the clansmen in the Meng family ancestral mansion ebullient.

The family clan juniors were divided into five levels according to their cultivation progress.

For example, Meng Wenying and Meng Chuan were at the top of the list. They were specially nurtured.

There were also the second and third levels...

And now, the most ordinary juniors received 30 taels of silver and 10 Lifeblood Pills a month.

“Clan Leader, the clan has at least 2,000 people who are between the ages of 6 and 20. Can the family support such levels of distribution?” asked one of the old servants worriedly. Clan Leader Meng Yanping stood in the distance and watched clansmen collecting their quotas. He said calmly, “Don’t worry. The clan’s savings are enough to handle another ten years of such distribution.”

The old servant was a little worried.

The income of a Godfiend clan was astonishing, but its expenses were similarly huge. Now, the clan was desperately trying to groom a new generation of cultivators. They were nurturing them with everything for the next ten years! They were throwing resources at the younger generation in hopes of producing a sapling who had a chance of becoming a Godfiend.

...

At the Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Meng Dajiang led a dozen people back to the manor.

“Master.” The servants were very respectful.

“Where’s Chuan’er?” Meng Dajiang asked.

“Young Master is at the training grounds,” the servants replied respectfully.

Meng Dajiang frowned and looked up at the sky. The sun was setting in the west and it was almost five in the evening. “Why is he still practicing at this time?”

He led an entourage to the training grounds. He vaguely heard the sound of a saber whistling through the air. He waved his hand and ordered in a low voice, “Wait here.” With that said, he quietly walked closer. He looked through the windows surrounding the training ground. He saw a young man’s blurry figure hidden within the saber flashes, practicing the Falling Leaf Saber.

“Qian Fang.” Meng Dajiang beckoned for a middle-aged man not far away. Qian Fang—who was an old servant who served Meng Chuan—quickly walked over.

“Tell me,” Meng Dajiang said with a suppressed voice, “how long has Chuan’er been practicing his saber art today?”

“Master, Young Master started practicing his saber art early in the morning. Besides eating and resting, he hasn’t stopped!” Qian Fang said immediately.

“He practiced for so long?” Meng Dajiang frowned.

“Even after soaking in a herbal bath at night, the Young Master will continue practicing his saber art in his courtyard for two further hours.” Qian Fang couldn’t help but say, “For the past few days, other than eating, sleeping, painting, taking a medicinal bath, and undergoing Marrow Cleansing cultivation... he practices his saber art for roughly twelve to fourteen hours every day.”

“For the past few days?” Meng Dajiang murmured. In the past few days? What could have agitated his son so much into such crazy training? The engagement annulment?

“Yes, for the past few days!” Qian Fang said. “Just before that, Young Master was still in a good mood. He even got me to buy some Godfiend biographies and didn’t cultivate so crazily. But I’ve no idea what happened over the past few days. My attempts in persuasion fell on deaf ears.”

...

A while later, at the training ground.

Meng Chuan was immersed with the Falling Leaf Saber technique.

“Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang’s voice rang out.

“Dad.” Meng Chuan stopped and saw Meng Dajiang leading more than ten people over.

Meng Dajiang smiled and said, “Chuan’er, the clan has decided to spend more effort in nurturing you. From today onwards, these eight Marrow Cleansing and three Mortal Shedding warriors will be your sparring partners.”

“Don’t I have bodyguards to spar with?” Meng Chuan was surprised.

He already had eight Marrow Cleansing guards and two Mortal Shedding guards. They would occasionally accompany him during his saber training.

“They are guards. These are warriors who specialize in sparring. For example, among these eight Marrow Cleansing warriors, there’s one who’s skilled in archery, and another who’s skilled in projectiles. It will be of great help to your cultivation,” said Meng Dajiang. “Besides, as your guards, we can’t let them spar with you often, right?”

Meng Chuan nodded.

The guards were paid employees with well-defined job scopes. It was fine if they occasionally sparred with Meng Chuan, but doing so too often would result in exploitation complaints.

“There’s no need to explain how much help these three Mortal Shedding realm experts can provide you. This”—Meng Dajiang pointed at a thin, mustached man—”is Brother Wang Chang, a senior at the Seamless realm.”

“Senior Wang.” Meng Chuan immediately bowed respectfully. A Seamless realm expert enjoyed high status in Eastcalm City. Wang Chang was second in command at an escort company in the city.

“There’s no need to be this polite, Young Master Meng.” Wang Chang smiled.

“From now onwards, six Seamless realm experts will spar with you every month. Each of them will accompany you during cultivation for five days, two hours a day,” said Meng Dajiang solemnly. “The family paid a great price to hire six Seamless realm experts to spar with you. You need to make good use of this opportunity.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan was also shocked.

Seamless realm experts were all important figures in the Eastcalm Prefecture. Time was precious; they couldn’t spend a month training beside him daily. They had plenty of things to do after all. They were already generous if they were willing to spend two hours a day for five consecutive days sparring him. Yet, the family hired six Seamless realm experts... Meng Chuan was guaranteed a Seamless expert to spar with every day.

“Chuan’er, one must have great ambitions. There’s no need to worry about not having a wife. You have to cultivate hard. Don’t underachieve the family’s expectations.” After speaking, Meng Dajiang walked out.

There’s no need to worry about not having a wife? What did father mean by that?

“Dad, what do you mean by not needing to worry about not having a wife?” Meng Chuan asked immediately.

“I don’t want your imagination running wild,” Meng Dajiang said and left the training ground.

“What imagination?” mumbled Meng Chuan before looking at the nearby sparring experts. His eyes lit up.

Saber techniques were meant for killing.

With a sparring partner, the training results would be much better. Even though he had sparring partners in the past, how could it compare to what he had now? He had sparring partners ranging from the Marrow Cleansing realm to the Seamless realm!

...

From this day onwards, Meng Chuan began practicing his saber art before dawn and enjoyed the benefit of having sparring partners in the morning.

When it was in the afternoon or night-time, he cultivated alone. He also needed to focus and reflect on the actual combat training he had in the mornings.

...

As Meng Chuan’s state of mind changed, he could sense the unique individual charm in each of the Falling Leaf Saber’s 81 stances since he fully immersed himself into the technique. He soon discovered the method to the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf.

He gradually realized that the beauty of the 81 stances could be combined after practicing them one after another.

For example, the first stance was the Saber Drawing Stance. It was incomparably sharp and mighty. The second stance—Whirling Moon Stance—was bizarre and ethereal. When he switched to the third stance—Cloud Opening Stance—it transformed from ethereality and bizarreness to a sudden killer move. He would then switch to the fourth stance.

One move after another.

It was like a boulder rolling down a mountain; its speed would increase faster and faster.

The moves surged with unstoppable momentum as they followed one after another like torrential waves.

If the 81 stances can really be combined into one, allowing its might to reach the peak, I would be able to “naturally” produce the secret technique as described in the manual! It was because he understood this point that Meng Chuan was so obsessed with practicing his saber art.

If the “beauty” of the 81 stances combined into one, the blade would slice through the wind’s trajectory, and its trajectory would perfectly connect.

The speed and transformation of the saber art formed a rhythm. It was like a song of nature.

A painting formed when the beauty of each move was combined..

Because he vaguely came into contact with this realm, Meng Chuan’s yearning for success grew.

Day after day...

The beauty of Meng Chuan’s saber art became increasingly perfect as he removed the flaws.

The rhythm of the saber art became more melodious as the staccato rhythm declined. The trajectory of the saber strokes were refined even further.

Meng Chuan could acutely feel his improvement. He felt that he was getting closer to that realm.

The vegetation by the side of the training grounds gradually turned green, a sign that March was fast approaching. As usual, Meng Chuan was cultivating. He gradually approached that realm, getting closer and closer.

Whoosh.

As Meng Chuan cultivated, his long pursuit for aesthetics was finally over. Flesh, bones, tendons, and heart—his technique had merged with his body. His saber art reached the state of being one with body and mind. He could sense the blade in his hand slicing through the resisting wind clearly! His body, mind, and saber united as the blade tore through the air with terrifying speed.

When Meng Chuan used his saber art, a clone would appear more than a hundred feet away. The two existed simultaneously.

A faint saber arc could be seen midair.

Only then did the first Meng Chuan dissipate.

I-I’ve comprehended it? Meng Chuan stood in his spot, stunned.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: The Selection at Mirror Lake Dao Academy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan couldn’t help but try again. In an instant, his body, mind, and technique were one. As he tore through the air with the saber flying around him, he saw afterimages left behind in the training grounds as stunning saber flashes appeared one after another.

It was fast and ethereal! This was the characteristic of the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf. His movement technique was fast and ethereal! His saber arts were also fast and ethereal!

After trying it out over ten times in a row, he finally came to a halt, unable to suppress his excitement. Third Autumn Leaf, the fall of a leaf portends the third season of the year—autumn! I finally figured it out! I finally figured it out! I’ve finally reached the first major realm in saber arts—Unity! I, Meng Chuan, have a chance of becoming a Godfiend!

He was really excited. He began learning the Falling Leaf Saber at the age of eleven. Four years had passed since then.

He had never slacked off in the past four years, cultivating as hard as he could because he knew very well that there were many excellent cultivators during the foundational stages of saber arts. There were several such talents in every Dao Academy. There were even more when the eight Dao Academies were combined. However, among these outstanding cultivators... 99% of them would be held back by the Unity realm. They would gradually become mediocre. It would be a miracle if they could reach the Seamless realm in their lifetime.

However, this was never his goal. He wanted to become a Godfiend! He had worked hard and studied hard, all for one goal—Godfiend!

He couldn’t forget being tied to his father’s back when he was six years old as his father fled while resisting the demons. At the critical moment, his mother had taken the initiative to charge at the demons to buy time for them.

It was all for the sake of her son!

On his father’s back, he saw his mother being overwhelmed by demons. At the time, Meng Chuan cried his heart out. Tears kept streaming down his father’s cheeks but he didn’t turn around; he focused on escaping with all his might. In the end, Meng Chuan survived.

The earlier one starts cultivation, the better. A mortal’s body reaches its prime at the age of twenty. Progress just slows down after that. Meng Chuan mused to himself, Right now, the number one genius in Eastcalm Prefecture—Mei Yuanzhi—figured out the secret technique at fifteen years of age. Just a month ago, he gained insights into Ice Force at twenty. He is even able to live within the Jadesun Palace and cultivate there.

Mei Yuanzhi came from an ordinary family in Eastcalm Prefecture. His mother was a maid, and his father was only at the Mortal Shedding realm.

However, Mei Yuanzhi had figured out the secret technique at the age of fifteen, shocking the Dao Academy. The Dao Academy immediately nurtured him to the best of their abilities. Even Godfiend family clans also wanted to betroth girls from their direct lineage to him, but Mei Yuanzhi was focused on cultivation. He was not tempted by the Godfiend family clans at all...

Finally, on 12th January, Mei Yuanzhi figured out “Ice Force.” He barely made it in time by figuring out “Force” at the age of twenty. This year, he had a chance to try his luck at entering the most ancient cultivation ground—Archean Mountain.

According to the rules of Archean Mountain, one couldn’t exceed the age of twenty when participating in the entrance test.

I have reached the Unity realm. This is just the first step. There are still many thresholds like “Saber Force” and “Core Condensation.” Meng Chuan mumbled quietly, “I can’t slack off.” He scanned his surroundings and noticed that he was the only person in the training ground. The vegetation was a luxuriant green.

What a coincidence. Meng Chuan snapped out of his daze. Today is the 27th February. I actually made a breakthrough a day before the Dao Academy’s internal selection.

Sometimes, things in the world were just this coincidental.

...

The next morning.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were having breakfast.

The entire Meng family were currently trying their best to groom the younger generation. They had hired Seamless experts to be Meng Chuan’s sparring partners. Meng Dajiang—who had comprehended Saber Force and was a Seamless realm expert—naturally had to be put to use. He had recently been living in the ancestral mansion and teaching a large number of juniors in the clan. As for Meng Chuan, he had plenty of opportunities to receive his father’s guidance. He was already very familiar with his father’s teachings.

However, Qiyue’s father—Liu Yebai—was very mysterious. He spent most of the year outside.

“Ah Chuan, your Dao Academy will be making the selections today, right?” Liu Qiyue smugly said, “I’ve already gotten a spot.”

“I will get it today too,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“You’re that confident?” Liu Qiyue asked with a smile. “You’re confident that you can obtain the top three in the Dao Academy even before you reach the perfected Marrow Cleansing realm?”

“What if I get the spot?”

Liu Qiyue sized up Meng Chuan and chuckled. “If you get it, I’ll make you dinner for a month. But if you can’t get that spot—hehe—you have to give me your Gallant Steeds! Do you dare to take on my bet?”

Meng Chuan laughed.

His artistic skills had long surpassed the best artist in Eastcalm Prefecture. Of course, there being few artists was partially a reason.

Gallant Steeds was Meng Chuan’s magnum opus. It was a piece of art on a long scroll. It consisted of a hundred horses with different expressions. It took him over a year to draw it. Liu Qiyue had been eyeing it ever since she lay her eyes on it. Even Yun Qingping had offered three thousand silver taels and two pieces of precious jade for it after seeing it once.

“If I lose, I’ll have to let go of Gallant Steeds. If I win, you’ll only be making me dinner for a month. Isn’t that a little unfair?” Meng Chuan asked with hesitation.

“It’s for one month! Do you dare?” Liu Qiyue stared at him.

“It’s hard for you to make me a meal usually. Alright, I’ll take this bet.” Meng Chuan clenched his teeth. “Don’t regret it when you lose.”

“I should be the one saying that!” Liu Qiyue put down her utensils and stood up to leave. “I’m going to the Dao Academy. Don’t cower outside just because you lose at noon.”

“Don’t worry.” Meng Chuan leisurely drank his porridge. Why would he reject his dear Qiyue’s offer to make him dinner for a full month?

After he was done with his meal, he wiped the corner of his mouth and leisurely strode towards his Dao Academy.

...

Mirror Lake Dao Academy.

After arriving at the Dao Academy, he realized that many disciples had come to the arena.

“Senior Brother Meng will definitely win.”

“Senior Brother Meng, you will definitely enter the top three.”

Many of the junior brothers and sisters were extremely excited. All of them knew that today was the final selection. The Dao Academy also wanted them to watch the competition of their seniors from Mountain River Pavilion. As Meng Chuan was occasionally willing to give his juniors pointers, many of them supported him.

“Although I do wish for Senior Brother Meng Chuan to win, he honestly doesn’t have the advantage. It’s a battle between the top ten disciples at the Marrow Cleansing realm, so the chances of him clinching top three is really low.”

“The first among equals was chosen between Senior Brother Wan Mang and Senior Brother Bai Guan in the most recent competition between the top ten disciples. Therefore it’s unquestionable the two will take up a spot.” Many of the juniors engaged in heated discussions. Some of them blindly supported their favorites, while others provided clear analyses. However, all of them had a point in common: they were all waiting for the battle to begin.

The arena had a hundred-foot buffer, preventing the disciples from approaching.

Meng Chuan and company arrived one after another as they waited. Lecturers checked their weapons, confirming that they were all blunt.

A skinny man who reeked of alcohol walked over while carrying a wine jar.

“Dean.”

“Dean.”

All the disciples were very respectful. Even the twenty-two disciples of Mountain River Pavilion bowed respectfully. This was the dean of Mirror Lake Dao Academy, Ge Yu. He had quite the terrible reputation—known for his greed and penchant for alcohol. He did things recklessly.

“Alright, everyone is here.” Although Ge Yu’s face was completely red and he reeked of alcohol, all of the disciples were very obedient. The lecturers and teaching assistants didn’t dare mumble a word. He had earned his title of being the best at the swift saber.

“There are only six of you who are in the Mortal Shedding realm. The selection will be easy,” Ge Yu said. “The six of you can compete first and we’ll pick the top three.”

“Dean.”

A young man bowed and said, “Brother Zhang and I have just reached the Mortal Shedding realm recently and are still at the early stages of the Mortal Shedding realm. We admit that we are lacking in strength and choose to give up on the competition.”

“Dean, we have already battled last night. I lost all three battles,” a muscular, dark-skinned youth said.

“Oh?”

Ge Yu nodded when he heard that. He knew the strength of his disciples as well. “Alright, since that’s the case, the ones heading to the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet will be Wu Qi and the Wei brothers.”

“Yes,” Wu Qi and the other two replied respectfully.

Wu Qi was at the perfected Mortal Shedding realm.

The Wei brothers were at the late-stage Mortal Shedding realm, so they held a strength advantage.

“There are a total of 16 Mountain River Pavilion disciples at the Marrow Cleansing realm.” Ge Yu looked at Meng Chuan and company. “Every one of you can vie for it. I’ll state the rules. Those who have confidence can enter the arena directly! You will face challenges from your fellow disciples. As long as you win five matches in a row, you will secure a spot. Also... two defeats will automatically disqualify you.”

“Alright, let’s begin now.” As Ge Yu spoke, he hugged the wine jar and took a big gulp.

The sixteen Marrow Cleansing realm disciples fell silent.

To enter the arena and win five consecutive matches? Then, the first to enter the arena would be at a disadvantage!

Vying for the third spot after two spots was taken would be much easier since the two strongest opponents were gone.

“Who’s going first?” Most of the Mountain River Pavilion disciples cast their gazes on two disciples—the muscular and smiling Wan Mang and the extremely cold and stern Bai Guan. In competitions involving the ten strongest disciples, first place was typically decided between the two of them.

COMMENT

“You’re not going up?” Wan Mang smiled at Bai Guan.

“If you wish to, after you,” Bai Guan said coldly.

At this moment...

A figure took a step forward and entered the arena. It was none other than Meng Chuan.

He swept his gaze across the shocked fellow disciples and said, “I guess the first spot will be mine.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: Secret Technique: Third Autumn Leaf
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan’s actions truly shocked the other disciples of Mountain River Pavilion. He wasn’t particularly outstanding at the pavilion, and he was a relatively young disciple. Although his father was the next clan leader of the Meng family, he didn’t have the arrogance one would expect. His fellow disciples had good impressions of him, but this time, he had taken the initiative to enter the arena. He even said: “I guess the first spot will be mine.”

It was truly an act that disregarded his seniors.

“Senior Brother Meng went up?”

“Why did he go first?”

“It won’t be too late to go up after the first two spots are taken.” The juniors watching from afar were even more shocked.

Even the drinking dean, Ge Yu, was rather surprised. His greed and penchant for alcohol had him frequently taking advantage of Meng Dajiang, the owner of Eastcalm Prefecture’s best restaurant. He was also quite fond of Meng Dajiang’s son, not only because Meng Chuan didn’t stir up trouble using his family background, but also because of the benefits he received from Meng Dajiang.

“Hurry up, whoever wants to challenge Meng Chuan can go up,” urged Ge Yu.

“I’ll do it.”

The cold-faced Bai Guan took a step forward and flew up the arena. His gaze towards Meng Chuan was cold as he sneered. “Meng Chuan, you’ll have to get by me first if you wish to take the first spot.”

He had come in first several times during competitions between the top ten disciples at the Marrow Cleansing realm and had only been defeated by Wan Mang once.

Among the Mountain River Pavilion disciples in the Marrow Cleansing realm, only Wan Mang— who was born with tremendous strength—left him keeping up his guard. He thought nothing of his other fellow disciples. He could have watched by the sidelines if Meng Chuan had been the first to enter the arena, but the words “I guess the first spot will be mine” propelled him to teach Meng Chuan a lesson.

“Please.”

“Straightforward, not bad.”

Bai Guan unsheathed two longswords from his back. They were blunt because only unsharpened weapons were used in duels between fellow disciples.

Bai Guan held a longsword in each hand. He stared at Meng Chuan and said, “You fought me seven times, but not once have you withstood ten strikes.”

“The art of dual-wielding swords is indeed powerful,” praised Meng Chuan with a nod.

The reason why Bai Guan was so strong that even Wan Mang—who was born with tremendous strength—had been lucky enough to defeat him only once, was because of his dual-wielding! A true dual-sword expert needed to multi-task efficiently. Each sword was seemingly used by two individual experts who worked in concert. In a battle against such a swordsman, an opponent would feel like they were facing a brutal assault from two swordsmen. All the other Marrow Cleansing disciples from the Mountain River Pavilion had been defeated by him.

“I admire your courage for being the first to enter the arena. Thus, I will use my killer move ‘Heart Sunder’ to make you truly admit defeat.” The proud and confident Bai Guan directly announced the move he was going to use. To teach Meng Chuan a lesson, he planned on using his best technique to crush him.

“Do as you wish.” Meng Chuan wasn’t in a hurry. Since he had already reached a brand new level by comprehending the secret technique, there was naturally no need for him to make the first move. It was better to let his opponent have a chance to execute a complete move.

Swoosh.

Bai Guan moved.

He quickly moved with both swords in hand. Even though he was confident, he still used all his strength as he charged straight at Meng Chuan. His movement technique was very strange. One moment he appeared on the left, the next moment the right. This unpredictability made it difficult to determine his true location.

In the blink of an eye, he was already in front of Meng Chuan, having traversed the arena.

“Kill.” Bai Guan grinned at Meng Chuan as both swords struck to deliver Heart Sunder. In his opinion, even unsharpened swords could injure Meng Chuan if he was hit.

Two swords streaked across Meng Chuan’s body from two different directions.

“Huh?” Bai Guan widened his eyes in disbelief because he clearly sensed that he had missed.

He then felt a chill run down his spine.

He turned around.

Standing behind him, Meng Chuan held a saber to his neck.

How can it be? How is he this fast? Bai Guan was in disbelief. I didn’t even see it clearly.

He didn’t know why, but the enemy who had been right in front of him had appeared behind him. Even the saber was placed on his neck.

Clearly, killing him was simple.

Ge Yu—who had been leisurely hugging his wine jar and drinking leisurely—was stunned. He widened his eyes in disbelief at this scene. Even the wine jar in his hands slipped and crashed to the ground, shattering. Alcohol flowed everywhere, but Dean Ge Yu didn’t even glance at his beloved alcohol. His gaze was completely fixed on Meng Chuan.

“The secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf! The secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf! Did I, Ge Yu, manage to produce a disciple capable of it?” Ge Yu muttered to himself. He had been the dean for fifteen years, but he had never managed to groom a genius who had a chance of becoming a Godfiend.

The lecturers and teaching assistants were also dumbfounded. Their sharp eyes could tell at a glance what move Meng Chuan just used. They also understood what it meant.

“It’s the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf.”

“The Falling Leaf Saber’s secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf! To think our Mirror Lake Dao Academy has produced a disciple who has figured out the secret technique. He’s only fifteen years old this year. He managed to master it at fifteen. This can’t be anything but the truth!”

“Our Mirror Lake Dao Academy has produced a disciple who grasped the secret technique at fifteen!”

“It’s our Mirror Lake Dao Academy! Haha...”

These lecturers who had dedicated their lives to the Dao Academy were extremely excited. This was their most glorious moment. The goal of teaching so many disciples in a Dao Academy was to groom true geniuses who could one day become Godfiends.

Now that the Mirror Lake Dao Academy had produced such a genius, how could the lecturers not be excited? How could they not go crazy?

If the dean and the others were excited, the thousands of disciples watching this scene went completely mad.

“Heavens!”

“Am I seeing things?”

“This is...”

“I saw two Senior Brother Mengs; one in front of Senior Brother Bai, and one behind him?”

“It’s the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf! This is the secret technique of the Falling Leaf Saber, Third Autumn Leaf! The dean uses it during his lectures.”

“It’s the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf!”

All sorts of discussions erupted. Even the disciples from the Mountain River Pavilion were stunned.

At that moment, from the dean to the ordinary disciples, everyone was discussing excitedly. Everyone knew what it meant to figure out the secret technique at fifteen!

Swoosh. A disciple suddenly sprinted out of the bustling crowd.

“Right, return to the ancestral mansion and report it to the clan.”

“Quick! Hurry back, and report the good news!”

There were several Meng family members in the Mirror Lake Dao Academy. When the first Meng family member ran out, one Meng family member after another rushed back home. They wanted to report this great piece of news! On one hand, they shared in his glory, and on the other hand, their family clan would also reward them because they reported the good news.

It was natural for money to be given when reporting good news—especially when it was such great news.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! The members of the Meng family were running at top speed using their movement techniques.

“Secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf?” On the stage, Bai Guan didn’t manage to see it clearly. He heard the discussions around him and recalled the move that Meng Chuan had just executed. Only then did he understand that it was the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf.

“You figured out the secret technique?”

Bai Guan stared at Meng Chuan with a complicated expression.

Meng Chuan nodded. “I’ve been stuck at this bottleneck for two years and have finally figured it out.”

Bai Guan was both jealous and envious. Wasn’t he also stuck at a bottleneck? He was able to focus on dual-wielding, giving him combat strength that far exceeded his peers, but he was still stuck at the bottleneck of a top-notch sword art’s Greater Mastery. He also yearned to figure out the secret technique.

“No wonder you were the first to come up. Yes, you are now completely different from us.” Bai Guan laughed self-deprecatingly and walked off the stage.

No one paid Bai Guan any mind.

Everyone’s eyes were fixated on the fifteen-year-old youth who still looked like an adolescent. The disciples from Mountain River Pavilion were shocked and envious, including the six disciples at the Mortal Shedding realm. None of them had figured out the secret technique! Most people who were at the Mortal Shedding realm wouldn’t be able to figure out the secret technique and be stuck at this realm their entire lives.

Only by figuring out the secret technique could one reach the Seamless realm.

“Hahaha.” Dean Ge Yu—whose clothes were soaked in alcohol—laughed loudly and proclaimed loudly, “I was right to teach you the Falling Leaf Saber. Wu Qi!”

Wu Qi was stunned, but he still replied respectfully, “Yes, Master!”

He was the strongest among the six Mortal Shedding realm disciples in the Mirror Lake Dao Academy. He was nineteen this year and had reached the perfected Mortal Shedding realm.

“Go and fight with Meng Chuan!” Ge Yu’s eyes lit up as he gave the order.

“I’ll fight Wu Qi?” Meng Chuan turned his head as well. Wu Qi was at the perfected stage of the Mortal Shedding realm. He was the strongest disciple from Mirror Lake Dao Academy, the current Eldest Senior Brother.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: Godfiend Body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“Come on!” Meng Chuan looked down from the arena, his eyes burning.

Wu Qi was startled by the dean’s order, but his eyes gradually lit up. He looked at Meng Chuan and grinned. “Alright, let’s fight.”

Swoosh.

He took a step and arrived at the arena, much faster than before.

Clang. He moved the shield hanging from his back to his hand and pulled out a thick saber from the shield. This saber was completely black, a red glow surrounding it.

With a shield in one hand and a thick saber in the other, Wu Qi stood there like an unshakable mountain. He released an invisible aura, causing the surrounding juniors to shudder.

“Senior Brother Wu Qi, you cultivate a Godfiend Body known as the Dark Cloud Fiend Body, am I right?” asked Meng Chuan. The aura causing him some alarm was clearly the aura of a Godfiend body.

“That’s right. It’s the Dark Cloud Fiend Body!” After Wu Qi said that, he charged towards Meng Chuan. Despite charging forward alone, it felt as if a huge legion of soldiers was crashing down on him! There was no variation in the moves. It was purely a charge consisting of speed and strength.

Boom!

Wu Qi charged with his shield akin to a speedy phantom. He slammed his shield into Meng Chuan with might that could collapse even a house.

With a single step, Meng Chuan dodged the shield and moved to Wu Qi’s side. The saber flashed as it cleaved at him.

“Kill!” The moment Wu Qi’s shield missed, he very skillfully swung his thick saber resulting in a collision with Meng Chuan’s saber.

Clang!

Sparks flew when the two sabers collided.

Wu Qi took a step back and steadied himself. In contrast, Meng Chuan flew back tens of feet.

He’s actually able to unleash such powerful might using the secret technique? Wu Qi’s pupils constricted.

Mortal cultivation: Foundation Establishment, Internal Tempering, Marrow Cleansing, Mortal Shedding, Seamless.

Among them, the first three cultivation levels were considered ordinary. They allowed one to cultivate Quintessential Energy, causing the mortal body to gradually grow stronger. The gap between them wasn’t that great.

However, the fourth level—Mortal Shedding—meant shedding one’s mortal burdens! This was because mortals would possess a portion of Godfiend power when they begin cultivating Godfiend bodies. This increase in strength was astonishing. Wu Qi cultivated the Dark Cloud Fiend Body and had reached the perfected Mortal Shedding stage. His strength and speed was extremely terrifying, far exceeding those of the perfected Marrow Cleansing realm.

If he were to deal with the average person at the Marrow Cleansing realm, he could chop his opponent to death in a single exchange.

Even if someone at the Marrow Cleansing realm wielded a shield, they would still end up spitting out blood from the saber impact.

The difference in strength was simply too great!

The power he just released is almost seventy percent of mine. This is equivalent to my strength when I was at the late stage of the Mortal Shedding realm. Wu Qi was shocked. “Is this the power of the secret technique?”

He had long known how terrifying the secret technique was. Even his chances of winning this battle were very low.

I still have a chance of winning. Wu Qi gritted his teeth and charged forward again. He was like insolent cavalry as he charged forward.

I’m still slightly weaker than him by relying on the power of the secret technique. Third Autumn Leaf is ultimately a secret technique that is more speed-based. Meng Chuan moved, producing another Meng Chuan a hundred feet away.

There he is! Wu Qi cultivated the Dark Cloud Fiend Body and was adept at sensing his surroundings. He could sense a figure was charging towards him.

Compared to Bai Guan who was unable to fight back, Wu Qi could detect him despite the secret technique—Third Autumn Leaf—being known for its speed. He was even able to respond.

Boom! His thick saber chopped down with a swipe.

Clang!

His saber missed, but the shield in his hand blocked Meng Chuan’s sudden saber strike.

He’s really fast. I still missed him. Wu Qi’s heart tightened. Thankfully, he had carefully protected his unguarded areas with his shield. With shield and saber in each hand, he used a powerful skill from Mirror Lake Dao Academy, the Duality Shield Saber Technique. There was a high chance of surviving a battle when one used this top-notch skill. Therefore, Wu Qi had chosen the Dark Cloud Fiend Body that suited this powerful skill.

With the Duality Shield Saber Technique combined with his Dark Cloud Fiend Body, his defense was flawless and his attacks were ferocious. He was the number one among the Mirror Lake Dao Academy disciples at the Mortal Shedding realm thanks to this.

“Duality Shield Saber Technique—one yin, one yang—is indeed powerful. However, I wonder how many of my moves you can parry.” As Meng Chuan’s voice continued to echo, he lunged forward.

“It’s useless. You won’t be able to hurt me.” Wu Qi stood his ground, using his saber and shield to block Meng Chuan’s ethereal blade.

Pfft.

Pfft.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan’s movements were extremely fast as one saber flash after another appeared. It was none other than the Falling Leaf Saber.

In the beginning, Wu Qi was rather confident of his defense, but he found parrying the attacks increasingly difficult as Meng Chuan’s repetitive strikes formed a continuous combo. His stance changed after every successful block. Through the continuous saber combo, Meng Chuan was able to tear apart his defense.

In just six strikes, Wu Qi staggered backward as he barely put up a defense.

Chi!

An extremely quick stab.

Wu Qi didn’t even have time to brandish his shield to block before the tip of the blade was already at his throat.

“This...” Wu Qi looked at the saber that was pressing against his throat before looking at Meng Chuan.

This was the first time he had fought someone at the Marrow Cleansing realm who had grasped the secret technique. He had lost terribly.

“I’ve lost,” Wu Qi said in a low voice. “The secret technique is even more terrifying than I thought. Not only can it produce a terrifying speed and strength, but it also improves the finesse of your saber arts.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

Yes.

A secret technique was the combination of body, mind, and technique, so it could naturally release terrifying strength.

An ancient Godfiend had once said that a human’s body had tremendous potential. A mortal who had never trained before would find it difficult to carry fifty kilograms of weight. However, if he could perfectly use his potential by utilizing every bone and muscle, he would be able to unleash more than five thousand kilograms of strength! Of course, that was an ideal case where every ounce of potential was used.

In reality, the higher one’s mastery of saber arts, the more astonishing the potential one could use.

The Unity realm was the first major realm for saber arts.

The secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf, multiplied strength and speed! It allowed Meng Chuan’s strength to reach roughly 70% of Wu Qi’s strength—who was at the perfected Mortal Shedding realm—and his speed crushed Wu Qi’s. Furthermore, his control of the saber was more refined. The saber moves perfectly coordinated with each other. Just seven strikes were enough to break through Wu Qi’s Duality Shield Saber Technique which was renowned for its defense.

“From this day forth, you will be considered the strongest out of thousands of disciples from Mirror Lake Dao Academy.” Wu Qi looked at Meng Chuan and said, “You will be the Eldest Senior Brother of Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s current generation.”

In Mirror Lake Dao Academy, the accomplished came first.

The eldest senior brother of the Dao Academy was the strongest amongst all the disciples. After defeating Wu Qi, Meng Chuan naturally became the eldest senior brother of the Dao Academy.

With that said, Wu Qi walked off the stage.

Suddenly, many of the juniors began to shout. “Eldest Senior Brother Meng Chuan!”

“Eldest Senior Brother!”

“Eldest Senior Brother!”

Being the eldest senior brother was just a title; whether he deserved respect was another matter.

The few Mirror Lake Dao Academy eldest senior brothers in the past didn’t enjoy much prestige since their strength didn’t stand out much. They did not manage to comprehend the secret technique! There was not much difference in their skills compared to their peers, so it was very possible they might be defeated by other juniors during matches in the future!

But Meng Chuan was different!

He had figured out the secret technique and defeated Wu Qi—who had reached the perfected Mortal Shedding realm. Furthermore, Meng Chuan would soon reach the Mortal Shedding realm as well. When that happened, the gap between him and his fellow disciples would become even more exaggerated. Even someone at the Mortal Shedding realm wouldn’t be able to withstand a single strike from him!

Only an absolutely invincible eldest senior brother would be able to completely impress all his juniors.

“Hahaha”—Dean Ge Yu chuckled—”Alright, come down.” It was rare for him to be so amiable. “Let the other juniors at the Marrow Cleansing realm fight to determine the other two slots.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan immediately walked down.

“Greetings, Senior Brother Meng.” Wan Mang cupped his hands and bowed with a smile.

“Greetings, Senior Brother Meng.” The disciples of Mountain River Pavilion around him saluted him with a smile. Some of his fellow disciples had a slight fawning attitude. They knew very well that Meng Chuan was completely different from them. He was a peerless genius in the entire Eastcalm Prefecture, one who had a chance of becoming a Godfiend in the future.

...

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

One by one, the Meng family disciples rushed back to the ancestral mansion with everything they had.

“Why are all you brats running so fast?” The main entrance to the Meng family’s ancestral mansion was huge, and clan members were naturally guarding it. They also recognized these juniors.

The first person to charge to the ancestral mansion shouted loudly, startling the clansmen guarding at the door. “Meng Chuan has figured out the secret technique!” While they were dumbfounded, the youth rushed into the ancestral mansion and continued shouting loudly, “Meng Chuan figured out the secret technique!”

The other Meng family members finally reached their destination as well.

All of them were shouting.

“Meng Chuan figured out the secret technique!”

“Senior Brother Meng figured out the secret technique!”

“Meng Chuan figured out the secret technique at Mirror Lake Dao Academy!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: Family Clan’s Hope
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The Meng family disciples who rushed in all shouted loudly and excitedly. They instantly attracted a large number of clansmen in the ancestral mansion. All of them were stunned by what they heard. What? Did they hear wrongly? Meng Chuan had figured out the secret technique?

“Stop right there.” One of the clansmen grabbed a sprinting youth and said hurriedly, “Tell me clearly what happened.”

“Uncle, it’s Brother Meng Chuan.” The youth was only thirteen years old. At that moment, he said happily, “Today is the day our Mirror Lake Dao Academy held the selection. Brother Meng Chuan went up to the stage and used the secret technique of the Falling Leaf Saber, Third Autumn Leaf. Even the dean and lecturers are thrilled.”

“The secret technique of the Falling Leaf Saber, Third Autumn Leaf?” The muscular clansman’s eyes widened. “Isn’t he just fifteen this year? He managed to figure out the secret technique at fifteen?”

The entire ancestral mansion’s clansmen surrounded the youth as they inquired. It turned into a cacophony of excitement.

A bald and thin elder narrowed his eyes as he listened to all the chatter. His eyes lit up when he heard the youths all talking at once. He couldn’t help but mutter, “The heavens have blessed our Meng family.”

“Third Elder, it’s a joyous occasion. Meng Chuan figured out the secret technique.” A clansman ran over.

“I’m aware!” The thin elder wore his usual stoic look as he turned around and left.

He was the strictest elder in the Meng family; however, when he turned around and walked away, there was a faint curl on the corners of his lips.

...

The Meng family’s ancestral mansion occupied a large amount of land. After all, over two thousand clansmen lived there.

In one of the training grounds in the ancestral mansion.

A group of youths was practicing with a variety of weapons while the chubby Meng Dajiang sat by the side, watching.

Eh, why is it so noisy outside? Meng Dajiang frowned slightly. Following that, the din approached. With his strength as a Seamless realm expert, he could make out the keywords “Meng Chuan” and “figured out the secret technique.”

Meng Dajiang perked up.

It was like a bucket of cold water had been poured over him in the middle of winter. He was even a little confused.

Did I hear wrongly? Meng Dajiang was a little nervous, but he couldn’t help standing up and walking towards the entrance of the training grounds.

“Dajiang! Dajiang!” An elegant elder came over with a group of clansmen. The elder’s face was flushed red with extreme joy and excitement.

“Fifth Uncle”—Meng Dajiang immediately went forward—”what happened?”

“Great news! great news!” The elegant elder was very excited.

“Oh?” Meng Dajiang was both excited and nervous. Although he had some guesses, he still wanted to hear it spelled out completely.

The elegant elder immediately said, “Some of the young ones studying at Mirror Lake Dao Academy returned to inform us that your son—Meng Chuan—used the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf, during the Dao Academy’s selection match. It was witnessed by the dean, lecturers, and thousands of disciples. It can’t be any more real. Hahaha... The heavens have blessed our Meng family. Our Meng family is blessed.”

“Chuan’er used the secret technique, Third Autumn Leaf?” Meng Dajiang felt his head heat up as his heart burned.

That was his son!

“Dajiang, your son is amazing.”

“Our Meng family is going to rise. We might even have two Godfiends,” the clansmen said excitedly. Apart from the clan leader and Elders, ordinary clansmen didn’t know Fairy Meng had been seriously injured.

“Elders, Fairy Meng has summoned you.” A clansman came to pass the order.

“We’ll be there in a second.”

Meng Dajiang and the elegant elder rushed over. However, Meng Dajian had a bounce in his steps, finding everything surreal.

...

Fairy Meng and Clan Leader Meng Yanping had been playing chess, but their match had now come to a halt. There were eight Elders gathered in the yard. All of them were extremely excited. Some Elders who weren’t at the ancestral mansion and had yet to catch wind of the news.

“Those rascals ran very quickly.” The thin, bald elder was rather excited. “They were talking about how Meng Chuan used the Third Autumn Leaf secret technique.”

“This is great. He managed to figure out the secret technique at fifteen—his talent is no less than Mei Yuanzhi’s.”

“Dajiang, you have a good son.”

“It’s also thanks to Dajiang’s teachings.”

The Elders of the family clan spoke excitedly. Meng Dajiang laughed foolishly. He felt like today was his happiest day in recent years.

“I’ll rest in peace having learned this news.”

“The heavens have blessed our Meng family.”

The Elders had always been afraid their family clan would decline. Although they were approaching the end of their lifespans, they still hoped the family clan would prosper.

The flourishing of a family clan meant that their brothers and clansmen—as well as children and grandchildren—could live well. Over countless years, there was no divide in the family clan.

“Look at all of you.” The seated Fairy Meng smiled. “It’s indeed a joyous occasion for the child to be able to comprehend the secret technique, but you are all counting your chickens.”

This stunned all the Elders.

Fairy Meng said, “Meng Chuan has only taken the first step. He’s still far from becoming a Godfiend. He still needs to figure out Saber Force, condense his core, and survive the final Life-and-Death juncture! These are the three major thresholds. Don’t put him on a pedestal too early, or it might get to his head. He needs to cultivate more seriously. It’s best if he can figure out Saber Force before he turns twenty. That way, there’s still a thirty percent chance of entering Archean Mountain. If he can enter Archean Mountain, he will definitely become a Godfiend.”

“Archean Mountain!” The eyes of Clan Leader Meng Yanping and the other Elders lit up.

It was the most ancient cultivation ground in the world. Mysterious and powerful.

In the past century, only the patriarch of the Zhang family had successfully entered Archean Mountain. The Zhang family had also become the leader of the five major Godfiend clans in Eastcalm Prefecture.

“If Meng Chuan can’t enter Archean Mountain, his cultivation path will be fraught with difficulty,” said Fairy Meng. “Back then, I figured out the secret technique at 16. I only figured out Force at 22, barring my entry into Archean Mountain. I could only be considered an outer sect disciple of Archean Mountain. I was lucky to become a Godfiend after a close encounter with death. There were people with talent on par with mine back then, but only I became a Godfiend. The rest died.”

“Not only does Meng Chuan have the three thresholds—Saber Force, Core Condensation, and Life-and-Death—he also needs to figure out Saber Force before he turns 20,” said Fairy Meng solemnly.

The Elders present also calmed down.

Becoming a Godfiend was truly very difficult.

The current Meng Chuan was just a seedling with a chance of becoming a Godfiend. He simply allowed the family clan to see hope.

“Dajiang,” instructed Fairy Meng. “Go to Mirror Lake Dao Academy and bring Meng Chuan back. Have him prepare for the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet. After it’s over, Meng Chuan should have calmed down. Bring him to me when that happens.”

“Yes,” said Meng Dajiang respectfully.

“All of you can take your leave,” instructed Fairy Meng. “Remember, don’t put Meng Chuan on a pedestal too much. Making him arrogant will just ruin him.”

“Yes,” the Elders replied solemnly.

Whoever dared to ruin Meng Chuan would be the sworn enemy of the entire Meng family!

Soon, the Elders left. Only Fairy Meng and her brother were left in the yard.

“Third Sis, you almost scared them.” Meng Yanping laughed. “I know you are very happy.”

“Of course I’m happy.” Only then did Fairy Meng sigh poignantly. “I’ve been a Godfiend for nearly eighty years. I’ve made plenty of contributions to Archean Mountain, and I have many good friends! If my family doesn’t have any exceptional talents, all I’ve done would be for nought. Since Meng Chuan has shown some talent, I’ll do my best to help him. He will definitely tread a road much smoother than mine.”

“Yes. He will definitely become a Godfiend,” said Meng Yanping.

“He will!” Fairy Meng’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

...

At the Mirror Lake Dao Academy, the disciples around him kept shouting “Senior Brother Meng.” They were extremely enthusiastic.

Meng Chuan nodded slightly and continued walking out.

“Mmm?”

Just as he reached the main entrance, he saw a group of people standing outside the main gates of the Dao Academy. Leading them was the plump Meng Dajiang. Beside him was the bald, thin elder, the elegant elder, and several other family clan Elders.

“Dad. Elders.” Meng Chuan walked over.

“You rascal.” Meng Dajiang ruffled Meng Chuan’s hair and smiled. “You really gave me a fright.”

Meng Chuan could only bear the ruffling of his hair. He looked a little pitiful, but in reality, he was in an exceptionally good mood.

“Haha, even we were shocked.”

“Meng Chuan, well done.” The Elders of the family clan smiled and congratulated. Clearly, they were elated.

“Come, let’s go home,” said Meng Dajiang happily. What more could he ask for with a son like this?

“Okay.”

Meng Chuan answered and went home with his father and elders.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: Visiting Jadesun Palace Lord
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Eastcalm Prefecture, inside the only private room on the third floor of a restaurant.

Yun Fu’an leisurely drank as he listened to the tunes.

By the side, a cyan-clothed woman was gently playing the zither while singing. Yun Fu’an swayed his head to the tune, fully immersed in the music.

The song came to an end.

“Xiangyin, your rendition of this song is becoming more outstanding. My heart almost melted from your singing,” Yun Fu’an smiled.

“Brother Yun, you flatter me. I’m still far from that. I still need to learn from Teacher,” said the cyan-clothed woman.

“It’s different. Your teacher’s skills are brilliant, but she’s old. How can her voice be comparable to yours? Singing still depends on talent. Your voice is superb. Whatever you sing is nice,” Yun Fu’an praised.

“Then allow me to sing another song for you, Brother Yun.” The blue-dressed woman covered her mouth and giggled before she began plucking the zither strings.

She had to keep Yun Fu’an happy.

The patriarch of the Yun family had a total of five sons and one daughter. Among them were the three eldest brothers who had gone through all sorts of hardships during their childhood, experiencing calamities with their father. They were all experts at the Seamless realm now. Two of them had figured out “Force” and were extremely skilled. They were known as the “Three Heroes of the Yun Family.” On the other hand, the three youngest children hadn’t suffered much hardship.

For example, Yun Fu’an’s father had already become a Godfiend when Yun Fu’an was young. This allowed him to lead a carefree life. At the time, the Yun family patriarch had just broken through and was still focused on cultivation; he had no time to discipline his children. Thus, his three youngest children were somewhat useless.

Yun Fu’an was a little special. As the youngest son, he had grown up with a group of scions, so he was quite the sly one.

He was good at reading someone’s body language; he was skilled at trampling and praising different kinds of people. He was also well-versed in many dirty tricks. The Three Heroes of the Yun Family liked this younger brother of theirs quite a bit due to his astuteness. They allowed their younger brother to handle many things without any worries, and he also completed the tasks beautifully.

Thus, Yun Fu’an wielded a lot of power and authority. He was responsible for many matters in the family clan.

A single word from him could cause a famous character to disappear from the world. Likewise, he could turn a particular lady into a star.

“Mm...” Yun Fu’an listened to the tune and softly hummed to it.

Suddenly, a commotion broke out in the restaurant. The loud noise made Yun Fu’an frown slightly.

The private room was soundproof, and there was only one room on the top floor of the three-storied building. It was very quiet, but the noise was quite loud.

“What’s going on?” Yun Fu’an frowned, and said, “Ah Fu, go down and see what’s going on?”

“Yes, Master.” The servant outside immediately went down.

The servant soon returned and immediately said, “Master, something serious has happened.”

Yun Fu’an stretched out his hand, and the cyan-clothed woman immediately stopped playing the zither. Once there was serious business, there was no way she could affect this man. She knew her limits.

“Come in and tell me,” Yun Fu’an instructed.

The servant pushed the door open and said in a low voice, “It isn’t only this restaurant; the entire Eastcalm Prefecture is abuzz. It’s all because of Young Master Meng Chuan.”

“What’s up with him?” Yun Fu’an frowned, a trace of disdain appearing on the corner of his lips. He didn’t think much of the Meng family anymore. His Yun family was on the rise, while the Meng family was on the decline.

“Meng Chuan showcased the Falling Leaf Saber secret technique—Third Autumn Leaf— at the Mirror Lake Dao Academy. He’s even defeated the original Eldest Senior Brother—Wu Qi—who was in the perfected Mortal Shedding realm. He’s become the Eldest Senior Brother of his Dao Academy.” The servant said, “He defeated somebody at the perfected Mortal Shedding realm by using the secret technique, despite only being at the Marrow Cleansing realm... He figured out the saber secret technique, Master—”

Yun Fu’an—whose face had completely darkened—shouted, “Get out!”

The servant didn’t dare make a sound; he obediently left and closed the door behind him.

Yun Fu’an brooded in silence before standing up and walking to the window. When he opened the window, the sound of the streets outside grew louder.

Keywords like “Meng Chuan” and “secret technique” could still be heard.

This matter had become the talk of the town in all of Eastcalm Prefecture.

This kid made a breakthrough? Yun Fu’an’s face was gloomy. Humph. So what if he figured out the secret technique? He’s still far from becoming a Godfiend.

Bang!

He slammed the windows shut.

...

The other three Godfiend family clans in the Eastcalm Prefecture found it interesting as well! This was because not long ago, the Yun family had just terminated the engagement between the two families. That engagement happened to be between Yun Qingping and Meng Chuan!

If the Yun family knew Meng Chuan would grasp the secret technique at fifteen years of age, their decision would have been different.

However, how miniscule was the possibility of a peerless genius being born?

The Yun family didn’t dare delay matters!

Under normal circumstances, the engagement would be acted upon once one was 18 because they would have to serve the military at 20. Therefore, the Yun family didn’t wish to delay the matter. Annulling the engagement early was for the best.

He has only grasped the secret technique. He’s still far from becoming a Godfiend. The Yun family could only console themselves.

...

At the Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

“Ah Chuan, tell me the truth. Had you already broken through when you made the bet with me?” Liu Qiyue stared at Meng Chuan.

“You’re smart.” Meng Chuan smiled and nodded. “However, I had just broken through back then.”

“Y-you...” Liu Qiyue was at a loss for words.

“I already told you that I would get the spot, but you refused to believe me and insisted on betting with me. Who is to be blamed?” Meng Chuan laughed. “What? Are you going back on your word?”

Liu Qiyue raised her head high. “I, Liu Qiyue, never go back on my word!”

“I’m impressed. I admire you, Sister Qiyue,” he immediately complimented her. “Then I’ll be waiting for a consecutive month’s worth of dinner made by my dearest Sister Qiyue.”

“Just treat it as a gift for figuring out the secret technique.” Liu Qiyue was a little indignant. “I didn’t expect you to be so cunning.”

“Chuan’er.” A voice came from afar.

“Father is calling for me. I’ll be off first.” Meng Chuan immediately ran off.

Liu Qiyue scoffed. “Big liar, what a good liar. However, you are quite impressive. You actually managed to achieve Unity with your saber art.”

...

On the training grounds.

“Dad.” Meng Chuan stood in front of his father.

“I’m very happy you achieved a breakthrough in your saber art.” Meng Dajiang looked at his son and said, “But don’t let it get to your head. There are still the three thresholds: ‘Force,’ ‘Core Condensation,’ and ‘Life-and-Death’ awaiting you. Every step you take will be extremely difficult. There are very few people who can help you. It will all mostly depend on yourself.”

“I understand.”

“You’ve been cultivating diligently since you were young, so I won’t say anything else. Cultivate hard and become a Godfiend!” Meng Dajiang said encouragingly.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“It’s been a while since we sparred. Come, let’s spar,” said Meng Dajiang with a laugh.

“Come on!” Meng Chuan was filled with fighting spirit.

But, his father was a Seamless expert who had figured out Saber Force. He was considered one of the strongest in Eastcalm Prefecture beneath the Godfiend realm; he could devastate his son however he wished.

...

In the evening.

Meng Chuan was painting a long piece of scroll art in the study room. He was only partially done since he started yesterday after figuring out the Third Autumn Leaf.

There were scenes of him training hard, a scene of him defeating Wu Qi in the Dao Academy arena, and scenes of his father and Elders congratulating him when he exited the Dao Academy. It included his father ruffling his hair with a flabbergasted Liu Qiyue drawn to the side.

He smiled as he drew. He was completely immersed in his thoughts, and the feelings within him integrated into the tip of his brush.

The more intense the feelings infused into the painting, the more infatuated he became.

Sometime later.

After he finished painting, Meng Chuan glanced out and saw that it was getting dark outside. He wrote the three words “Third Autumn Leaf,” to the left of the painting.

This painting was called Third Autumn Leaf. Meng Chuan felt extremely serene when looking at the painting.

...

In the bustling Eastcalm Prefecture.

A white-robed youth led an old servant through the streets.

“Eastcalm Prefecture is quite lively,” said the white-robed youth expressionlessly.

“This is a city with a population of over a million. It would naturally be lively.” The old servant smiled. “Young Master, are we going to stay in Eastcalm Prefecture for the next few years? How about we go to the State Capital?”

“This is my mother’s hometown. I’ll be staying here,” the white-robed youth said coldly.

The old servant was helpless.

Nobody could control the young master with his temper.

Suddenly, they heard people discussing on the streets. “Young Master Meng Chuan is impressive to have figured out the secret technique. He’s only fifteen this year, right?”

“Yes, he’s fifteen. In my opinion, Young Master Meng Chuan will probably become a Godfiend in the future.”

Hearing the discussions, the old servant chuckled softly as well. “I didn’t expect that there would be such a genius in Eastcalm Prefecture. He happens to be the same age as you.”

Meng Chuan... murmured the white-robed youth inwardly.

“Young Master, let’s go this way. The Jadesun Palace is up ahead,” said the old servant. “We have to pay a visit to Jadesun Palace Lord first.”

“Okay.” The white-robed youth nodded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: Demon-Slaying Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

rd March.

Two large carriages stopped outside the Jadesun Palace’s entrance. The dean of Mirror Lake Dao Academy—Ge Yun—disembarked from the first carriage while six people alighted from the carriage behind. They were none other than the six Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s disciples that included Meng Chuan, Wu Qi, and Wan Mang. The spacious carriage gave plenty of space to the six without making it appear cramped.

“Jadesun Palace.” The six of them raised their heads and stared at the palace.

Jadesun Palace was considered sacred ground in Eastcalm Prefecture. Jadesun Palace Lord was also the most powerful existence in the Eastcalm Prefecture.

The legendary Archean Mountain built a Jadesun Palace in every city within the Great Zhou Dynasty. It also sent a disciple to preside over each Jadesun Palace. Jadesun Palace Lord was the most powerful force when it came to protecting a prefecture! In the past century or so, the most powerful Godfiend in Eastcalm Prefecture—the Zhang family’s patriarch—had also been recruited into Archean Mountain. Now, he too was stationed somewhere else.

“Follow me in.” Ge Yu led the way and his six disciples entered the Jadesun Palace.

At that moment, several luxurious carriages arrived behind them and people alighted from the carriage.

Meng Chuan and company looked back.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan saw Yun Qingping and Yun Fu’an. Yun Fu’an had even brought his wife along.

“The Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet is a rare event for Eastcalm Prefecture. The Imperial Court and the five major Godfiend families will send people here too,” said Ge Yu casually. “However, each family clan is limited to ten people at most.”

...

It’s Meng Chuan. Yun Qingping, together with her clansmen, saw Meng Chuan as well. At that moment, she felt rather conflicted.

After all, she had previously been informed that he was the man to marry her—that she was to spend the rest of her life with him when she became of age!

Although the engagement had been successfully annulled, her impression of him was different from others. Besides, the engagement had just been called off right before Meng Chuan suddenly made a name of himself by figuring out the secret technique. He was now an illustrious genius in the entire Eastcalm Prefecture. Even her clansmen and friends had plenty to say about this matter. It caused her to feel unsettled.

However, Yun Qingping knew very well that she didn’t regret it. No matter how powerful Meng Chuan was, he was not what she wanted!

“All of you are to watch carefully,” said the rather stocky Yun family clan leader—Yun Fucheng. He looked at the six young juniors and said, “When you turn twenty and serve in the military, you will be battling the demons in life-and-death battles. You now have the chance to personally witness the demons’ ferocity. If anyone closes their eyes from fright, you will be punished with isolation for ten days!”

“Yes, Dad (Uncle),” Yun Qingping, and the other five youths replied obediently.

Yun Fucheng—the eldest son of the Yun family’s patriarch—was the most outstanding among the Three Heroes.

He had contributed greatly during his military service at Qinyang Pass. He not only figured out Force, but he had also succeeded in condensing his core. However, he had damaged his foundation after casting a forbidden spell for too long during an intense battle with demons. This wiped out his chances of becoming a Godfiend.

“Brother, let’s hurry in. Let’s not block the entrance to the palace.” Yun Fu’an immediately laughed. He always wore a smiling face in front of his eldest brother. Even if he was scolded by his eldest brother, he would obediently endure it! He had no choice. The military at Qinyang Pass and the Imperial Court held his brother—Yun Fucheng—in high esteem.

Yun Fucheng nodded. “Alright, let’s go in.”

The two brothers led their wives and their six juniors into Jadesun Palace.

...

In an empty square in Jadesun Palace, there was a large arena. There were many chairs placed around the arena.

Seats were designated for the eight major Dao Academies, five large family clans, Imperial Court, and Jadesun Palace.

Meng Chuan naturally sat where Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s seats were located.

Chuan’er. The clan leader—Meng Yanping—and Meng Dajiang had brought eight juniors from the Meng family over to broaden their horizons. Meng Dajiang even winked at Meng Chuan.

“This dad of mine,” Meng Chuan muttered.

The various large family clans brought plenty of juniors. Meng Chuan soon discovered that the five large family clans typically had two or three high-ranking members leading a group of juniors. It was to allow the juniors to broaden their horizons. Only the Yun family is different. Yun Fucheng and Yun Fu’an both brought their wives. Ah, that’s right... There are only six juniors between the ages of six to twenty in the Yun family.

The Yun family had too few members.

The Yun family’s patriarch was the first generation. The second generation consisted of five sons and a daughter. The third generation was Yun Qingping’s generation...

There were only a few dozen people in the Yun family.

When they participated in the Cloud Yang Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet, all juniors of suitable age would be brought here. They could even bring their wives over.

As for the juniors from the other four large families, they had intense internal competitions just to spectate the battle.

“Jadesun Palace Lord is here.”

Everybody present stood up in unison. Even the magistrate that came from the Imperial Court stood up and took the initiative to welcome him.

Jadesun Palace Lord? Meng Chuan looked from afar.

He was a tall, muscular young man. His entire body seemed to be carved out of jade. He seemed to be the most dazzling existence in the world as he walked forward. His eyes glistened. Whoever he looked at would irresistibly bow their heads—not daring to meet his eyes. This was the most powerful figure in Eastcalm Prefecture—its guardian.

He was also a Godfiend that came from Archean Mountain!

Jadesun Palace Lord walked to the seat of honor and sat down. Although he was seated, people could sense an invisible aura envelop the area. Even the uninhibited and unrestrained dean—Ge Yu—carefully obeyed the rules in front of Jadesun Palace Lord.

Oh? Only then did Meng Chuan and company notice that behind Jadesun Palace Lord stood a thin, frail-looking teenager and a white-robed youth.

That skinny, frail-looking teenager is Mei Yuanzhi. Who is the white-robed youth? Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled.

“Senior Brother Meng, do you know who that white-robed youth is?” Wan Mang asked softly.

“No.” Meng Chuan shook his head.

“It’s one thing for Mei Yuanzhi to stand behind Jadesun Palace Lord, but who is that white-robed youth?” Soft murmurs were occurring in other places as well. Everyone had noticed the white-robed youth.

At that moment, the prefectural magistrate took a few steps forward and surveyed his surroundings. In a clear voice, he said, “Everyone, the Jadesun Palace’s Demon-Slaying Meet is held once every three years. It’s an event decided by Archean Mountain. It is meant to train the youths from various prefectures and allow young heroes to have a chance to fight demons before entering the battlefield. They can truly experience the strength of the demons. This way, they will have a higher chance of survival once they enter the battlefield. Everyone, you have to understand the good intentions of Archean Mountain.”

“Listen carefully to the rules of this Demon-Slaying Meet,” the magistrate said in a loud, clear voice. “If you realize that you can’t withstand the demons when engaging them in a life-and-death battle, all you need to do is jump off the arena to live. You don’t have to worry about any accidents, because with the Palace Lord around, nothing will happen.”

As he spoke, the magistrate smiled at Jadesun Palace Lord.

“Outsiders are not allowed to interfere with anything that happens in the arena. There should be no complaints or resentment even if they die in battle. These are the rules of the Demon-Slaying Meet. Nobody is allowed to violate them,” the magistrate said coldly. “I’ll tell you this first. There have been people who died in the arena. Some have been crippled as well. If you are afraid, you can give up this opportunity.”

No one would give up.

The battlefield would be much more dangerous than this while serving in the military. If they gave up the chance now, they would be looked down upon by the entire Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Alright, then let’s begin the Demon-Slaying Meet.” After saying this, the magistrate returned to his seat.

A jail wagon slowly drove over.

An upright, fat pig demon was locked inside the jail wagon. It was about twelve feet tall and was covered in black fur. Its eyes were filled with hatred as it stared at the people sitting outside the cage.

“Be good,” said a one-armed man who pulled the jail wagon.

Upon hearing the man’s voice, the pig demon trembled—a hint of fear in its eyes.

“As long as you secure victory in the arena, you will be able to eat your fill. As long as you can kill a human youth, you will enjoy ten days of good food and wine,” the one-armed man said. “But you are not allowed to leave the arena. If you dare to leave the arena, you will be sliced to death!”

“I know.” The pig demon’s voice was low as it spoke human words.

The jail wagon arrived beside the arena.

The cage’s door was opened.

“Go up,” the one-armed man said coldly.

With a single step, the pig demon leaped onto the arena. Its wrists were shackled by heavy chains—the chains struck the arena’s ground when the pig demon landed.

Meng Chuan could vaguely sense the tremendous power within the pig demon when he stared at it. The black pig hair was tough, no weaker than heavy armor. The pig demon was currently staring at its surroundings with killing intent. To it, every human around it was an archenemy! The madness in its eyes, the intense hatred, and killing intent caused the hearts of some human youths to tremble. The youngest eight-year-old child from the Yun family was so frightened that the color in his face drained as he tightly hugged his mother.

“You’re not allowed to hug your mother.” Yun Fu’an berated his son before coldly glaring at his wife. “An excessively doting mother will only spoil a child!”

At this moment, an official from the Imperial Court flipped through the name list and said loudly, “The disciples at the Marrow Cleansing stage shall head into the arena first. The first one is Zhang Rushang from the Blazing Sun Academy.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: Humans and Demons
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The disciples of the Dao Academies—as well as the youths from the large family clans—watched intently. Almost all of them had to serve the military in the future. This was something unavoidable.

“Pig demon.” A muscular youth with a shield in his left hand and a huge axe in his right hand jumped onto the arena and stared at the pig demon on the opposite side of the arena.

The pig demon stared at the human, revealing a mouth full of sharp teeth as it let out a low grunt before charging.

Boom!

The pig demon barged around with extremely fast speed.

“What speed!”

“This speed matches those of the Mortal Shedding realm. The books are right. Even the most ordinary lesser demons have bodies that match a Mortal Shedding realm fighter.” Many Dao Academy disciples’ hearts tightened as they watched. This was already the most ordinary lesser demon.

The youth—Zhang Rushang—retreated to the side just as his opponent was about to collide with him. With shield and axe in hand, he swung his axe to cleave at the pig demon’s bottom.

The pig demon had charged too quickly and was unable to change directions in time, but it raised its right arm and “brushed” past the shield with its right elbow. The youth, Zhang Rushang, was overwhelmed by the surge of strength and staggered three steps back. His cleave missed.

The books say that demons have powerful bodies, but their combat skills are inferior to ours. It’s true. Zhang Rushang thought, But they are even more savage. I can’t make any mistakes. I have to find an opportunity to kill it in one fell swoop.

“Humph!” The pig demon’s eyes turned even crazier as it continued its fierce assault.

The pig demon was incomparably savage in the arena. It was extremely strong, and it was incredibly fast as well. Even when it casually brushed against the human youth, he would be knocked backward by the strength behind the blow. But the human youth was tenacious and his footwork exquisite. He never fought the pig demon head-on, and his shield’s defensive strength was high as well. He was able to completely block the pig demon’s repeated charges in a very slippery manner.

“This junior of your Zhang family is really good at using his shield.”

“He completely defended himself and didn’t give the pig demon any chances.”

“I wonder if this pig demon has a trick up its sleeve.” The upper echelons of the five major family clans were also chatting.

Suddenly, the pig demon’s brandishing claws increased in speed.

This surprised Zhang Rushang as his expression changed drastically. He immediately ducked to hide behind the shield.

Bam! The claw slammed into the shield. Although the angle of the shield caused the pig demon to feel some discomfort, this blow still caused the shield to fly up. Zhang Rushang made use of the attack’s momentum to fly backward and land outside the arena.

As soon as he landed on the ground outside the arena, Zhang Rushang spat out a mouthful of blood—his face pale.

How sinister. It actually hid its strength. Zhang Rushang stared at the pig demon on the stage.

“Count yourself lucky for escaping fast,” said the pig demon in a deep voice.

“What?”

“This pig demon actually hid a trick up its sleeves?”

“It’s terrifying how it schemed to use it at a critical moment.” The disciples of the Dao Academy were somewhat nervous. Thankfully, the first person to fight—Zhang Rushang—was a cautious person and good at defending. If it were another Dao Academy disciple, they might have suffered terribly.

“It really hid something up its sleeves.” The five family clans’ upper echelons chatted casually. They had experience fighting demons on the battlefield, so they were acutely aware of how savage demons were! The scene in front of them was very “mild” to them.

The Imperial Court official who was looking at the name list laughed loudly. “Demons are sentient as well. They also scheme, so they are not to be underestimated. Alright, next up will be the Spring Rain Dao Academy’s Xiahou Song.”

The pig demon continued standing in the arena as he talked to the one-armed man in a deep voice. “I won the first round.”

“You can return to prison after winning three rounds,” said the one-armed man.

“Alright.” The pig demon nodded, its eyes filled with fierceness. It would kill a human youth if it had the chance to. It wasn’t simply because of the food and drink it could enjoy from killing a human youth, but to enact revenge on the humans because it was captured by them. As long as it could take revenge for being left with such an abject fate, it would naturally want to take revenge.

The second youth on stage, Xiahou Song, used a saber. His saber arts were exquisite. His footwork was profound, preventing the pig demon from touching him at all.

He eventually found an opportunity.

Pfft. He slashed straight at the pig demon’s body. After tearing through the thick layer of hair, his saber was firmly stuck in the pig demon’s muscles. This caused Xiahou Song’s expression to change drastically.

Not good.

He immediately abandoned his saber and retreated without any hesitation. However, the pig demon took the opportunity to fiercely slap him. Xiahou Song was struck, and the loud slap left the Dao Academy disciples worried.

The upper echelons of the five great family clans, the prefectural magistrate, and the others were all very calm. This was really trivial.

Xiahou Song immediately flew out of the arena as blood splattered across the ground.

Thankfully, Xiahou Song wore a family heirloom—a protective armor. He was only heavily injured and didn’t lose his life. He just needed a few months of recuperation to fully recover. It was truly fortunate.

“Next, Wind Center Dao Academy, Ruan Mi.”

“Sharpshooter Ruan Mi.” He instantly garnered the attention of many. Every sharpshooter was extremely important. Even Meng Chuan carefully watched because Qiyue was also a sharpshooter! Much could be referenced from Ruan Mi’s battle with the demon.

Ruan Mi was quite famous amongst the younger generation in Eastcalm Prefecture. He was from an ordinary family clan, but becoming a sharpshooter made things different. He became one of the most influential disciples in Wind Center Dao Academy. He held a large bow with his long arms, and he immediately drew his bow and shot an arrow after leaping onto the arena.

Swoosh.

The arrow pierced through the air.

It was fast! An archer going all out was extremely terrifying.

The pig demon immediately howled as it charged forward. At the same time, it brandished its claws and sent the first arrow flying; its other claw protected its head. This was its vital point.

But right after, a second arrow pierced through its thigh and remained stuck in its thigh! The normal blades of a Marrow Cleansing expert would have their might greatly reduced after tearing through its hide, but this arrow completely pierced through its thigh, affecting the pig demon’s movements. Ruan Mi wore a cold expression as he moved, quickly shooting the third and fourth arrow in succession.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

The third and fourth arrows were all aimed at the legs. The pig demon’s muscles and bones gripped the arrows, and there wasn’t much blood. However, its speed halved. This made Ruan Mi a lot more relaxed. He quickly moved agilely around the edge of the arena while shooting out one arrow after another.

“Die.”

“Die!” The pig demon could vaguely sense that death was approaching. It began to grow even more frenzied as it drew closer to the human sharpshooter.

However, its legs just couldn’t be any faster. The short distance between them was like a massive chasm that could not be closed.

The pig demon’s body was hit by a total of twelve arrows as it howled and ran. It was until the twelfth arrow that the pig demon’s head—its weakness—was pierced through. This arrow finally caused the pig demon to collapse to the ground and convulse. It could no longer stand up.

“A demon’s vitality is really strong,” Ruan Mi muttered.

“Well done.”

“Beautiful.”

There were cheers, the loudest coming from the Wind Center Dao Academy disciples.

“Take it away.” The one-armed man by the side of the arena ordered his soldiers. Immediately, two soldiers walked up to the arena and dragged the pig demon’s corpse away. Only its blood remained on the arena.

No one cared about the death of a pig demon!

The demons were invaders and massacred humans. Humans only wanted to protect their homes, but even so, large numbers of humans died for this endeavor. Half of those who served in the military died, and numerous people were crippled. From this, one could see the price humans had to pay for peace.

Countless human commoners had been slaughtered. Archean Mountain established Jadesun Palaces in every prefectural city and sent Godfiends to preside over them to protect the commoners! Godfiends watched over an area, eliminating all demons who dared to infiltrate human territory. This was the only way to stabilize the human race’s numbers. The hatred humans had for demons was irreconcilable.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: Meng Chuan’s Turn
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

After the pig demon was killed, another jail wagon was pulled up. Inside it was an even larger wolf demon. The wolf demon was hunched slightly, its head touching the top of the jail wagon. It grabbed the metal railings with its claws and stared at the humans outside.

Clank. The one-armed man opened the cage and calmly said to the wolf demon, “You have already been informed of the rules. You can head back alive after winning three consecutive rounds. You can also enjoy delicious food and wine. If you violate the rules, you will be hacked to death!”

“I know.” The wolf demon growled hoarsely and entered the arena. It immediately saw the blood that was thick with a demonic aura. It’s from that stupid pig!

Although low-level demons had their internal rivalry, it felt sad over the death of its kind at this moment because it was very likely that it would die in this arena as well.

But the truth was—the wolf demon won three consecutive matches. Not only did it heavily injure a human youth, it even tore apart another human youth’s arm. It was impossible to treat a severed arm.

After the wolf demon was taken away, another demon took its place.

Battles kept happening.

The human youths and demons both wanted to kill each other.

The disciples of the eight major Dao Academies were extremely solemn. Some were even extremely nervous because all of them had to head on stage. This was not a normal sparring match between fellow disciples, but a battle of life and death. Demons did not hold back.

Liu Qiyue also had her turn. She killed a cat demon, but she was forced to jump off the stage when facing a more ferocious leopard demon.

...

“23 disciples from the Dao Academies have had their turn,” said Clan Leader Meng Yanping in a low voice. “Dajiang, Meng Chuan’s turn is coming.”

“Yes.” Meng Dajiang also glanced at Meng Chuan—who was far away from the disciples of Mirror Lake Dao Academy.

Yes.

It was almost Meng Chuan’s turn.

As the only Marrow Cleansing realm disciple of the eight Dao Academies to comprehend the secret technique, he was naturally placed last.

“Senior Brother Meng, you have to be careful.” Wan Mang’s bloody chest was bandaged up. “The demons are very cunning.”

“I know.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Most of the twenty-three Dao Academy disciples who fought were very cautious. Only six of them were truly seriously injured, and their injuries were all treatable. Except one... His arm had been ripped off by the wolf demon—his name was Bai Fengqi. He came from one of the five Godfiend family clans, the Bai family. He kept crying the moment he jumped off the stage.

His grandfather was present today as well. He immediately berated him angrily, “Why are you crying? You clearly knew how powerful the wolf demon is, yet you were rash. Who can you blame? You lost an arm in a one-on-one battle while the demon was chained up. If you were on the battlefield, you would have lost your life. Cultivate well when you’re back. Our family has single-armed sword techniques.”

Despite berating him angrily, his grandfather’s eyes were slightly red. After all, this was his grandson—one that he had always been proud of.

The Dao Academy disciples sympathized with Bai Fengqi. He had lost his arm at the age of sixteen.

However, the deans, government officials, and the upper echelons of the five large family clans present were mostly calm. They had seen incidents far crueler than this. Archean Mountain came up with the Demon-Slaying Meet because it didn’t wish for human elites to die the moment they entered the battlefield. Therefore, they had to suffer in their youth and broaden their horizons. In the future, they would train harder and be more careful on the battlefield.

Six humans were heavily injured. One of them was crippled. Twelve demons went on stage, but only five of them died in battle! Meng Chuan was very calm. He did not feel nervous or afraid.

He had already seen how terrifying the demons were when he was six! More than a hundred thousand people were slaughtered back then! If not for a Godfiend arriving, few humans would have survived. The body count would have doubled. The Godfiend alone had caused the demons to collapse and flee in panic. It also gave the humans who had scattered in all directions a chance to survive. Besides his parents risking their lives, Meng Chuan had survived because the Godfiend had joined the fray later.

After experiencing all of that, the restricted one-on-one battles with the demons on the arena... were very mild in comparison. The human youths could survive by simply jumping off the arena.

“Next. Mirror Lake Dao Academy, Meng Chuan,” the official’s voice spoke a few decibels louder.

All of a sudden, everyone’s gazes fell on Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan had been the topic of discussion in Eastcalm Prefecture for the past few days. Everyone knew that Eastcalm Prefecture had produced another genius who had a chance of becoming a Godfiend.

“Be careful.” Dean Ge Yu instructed.

“Yes, Dean.” Meng Chuan stood up and walked towards the arena.

“Ah Chuan, show them what you got.” Liu Qiyue pumped her fists into the air from Blazing Sun Dao Academy’s area.

“Watch me.” Meng Chuan smiled.

In the Yun family camp, Yun Fucheng watched from afar. He smiled and said, “Fu’an, this Meng Chuan seems to have a good temperament. Unfortunately, he isn’t fated with Qingping.”

“Yes.” Yun Fu’an smiled obsequiously. However, his gaze towards Meng Chuan turned colder.

The more outstanding Meng Chuan was, the more unhappy he felt.

On the other hand, Yun Qingping was watching anxiously. She had been quite shocked by what she saw today. It was her first time seeing the demons of legend. They were ugly and savage.

At the seat of honor.

Jadesun Palace Lord sat there as his gaze landed on Meng Chuan. He smiled and said to his side, “Yuanzhi, this Meng Chuan figured out the secret technique at fifteen. You can be considered as the number one person in the younger generation of Eastcalm Prefecture, while he’s second. Furthermore, being from the Meng family, Fairy Meng will definitely try her best to nurture him. His path will probably be easier than yours.”

“The path of cultivation depends on oneself! I will enter Archean Mountain this year,” said the thin youth, Mei Yuanzhi. “Besides, you have also given me several pointers over the past few days.”

“It’s just a few pointers. I have to remind you that you are considered the number one genius in Eastcalm Prefecture, but you only have a 20–30% chance of entering Archean Mountain.” Jadesun Palace Lord smiled. “If there are more geniuses this year, your chances of entering Archean Mountain will be even lower. Yuanzhi, you have to make plans. What will you do if you fail?”

“There’s no need to think about that now. I’ll decide when I fail,” Mei Yuanzhi said.

Jadesun Palace Lord didn’t say anything else. Instead, he stared at the arena with interest. He was willing to give Mei Yuanzhi pointers because he hoped that humanity would produce an additional Godfiend. That meant additional combat strength for the humans. Clearly, he found Meng Chuan someone with potential as well.

Meng Chuan had already walked onto the stage.

“Demon.” Meng Chuan looked at the goat demon standing on the stage. The goat demon was tall and burly; its arms thick and strong. Its pair of curved horns were long and sharp, and its eyes glinted with green as it stared at Meng Chuan.

“Human, if you are afraid, hurry down,” said the goat demon in a deep voice. “The two opponents before you—including the sharpshooter—were so frightened that they jumped off the arena.”

A goat demon was considered one of the strongest demons amongst the twelve.

It was deliberately placed at the end for Meng Chuan to deal with.

“Afraid? Do you have what it takes?” Meng Chuan stared at it, his gaze filling with intense killing intent.

“Chuan’er’s gaze.” Meng Dajiang watched from afar, but his heart skipped a beat. His son was usually friendly and amiable and had never exuded such murderous intent before.

“Hahaha, you aren’t escaping? I like human punks with guts.” As the goat demon spoke, it immediately rushed over at extreme speeds, producing many afterimages.

Meng Chuan glanced at it, but his heart and mind were fully focused on the battle.

He was filled with endless killing intent towards these demons.

“Die.”

Coming close, the goat demon roared ferociously as it brandished its claws. Instantly, gray claw shadows streaked across the sky.

Now! Meng Chuan’s heart stirred. In an instant, his body, mind, and technique became one!

The intense killing intent contained his accumulated hatred for the demons. It made his fusion of body and mind even more perfect, allowing him to utilize strength far greater than usual.

Ancient Godfiends had once said that humans had great potential. They could unleash incredible power at critical moments.

When Meng Chuan fought demons, he delivered speed and strength far greater than it usually was during normal cultivation or in sparring matches at the Mirror Lake Dao Academy.

Pfft.

The saber flashed at incredibly fast speeds.

It was a soul-stirring strike, one filled with killing intent!

The goat demon’s eyes widened. It instinctively felt death approaching and tried its best to block it, but it failed to touch the saber. The saber didn’t travel a straight trajectory, but an ethereal curve. The saber easily passed its arms that were trying its best to fend off the attack and swept past its neck.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan’s saber had returned to its scabbard as though it had never moved. The only thing that changed was that he had moved fifty feet.

The goat demon took a few steps forward before falling to the ground. At the same time, its head rolled to the side noisily as blood dyed the ground red.

In just one slash!

The goat demon was dead!

Everyone had witnessed the strength of the goat demon before. It was extremely skilled in combat, and it was difficult for even Mortal Shedding experts to defeat it. Thus, it had easily won two consecutive battles. Yet, it had actually been killed by Meng Chuan with just one strike?

Looking at the goat demon’s corpse, Meng Chuan whispered, “You are the first demon I killed.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: Hidden demon monarch Bloodline
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan calmly stood in the arena as two soldiers dragged the goat demon’s corpse down. A few soldiers simply cleaned the arena.

According to the rules of the Demon-Slaying Meet, a Dao Academy disciple could continue fighting against new demons in the arena as long as they won. The Jadesun palace would arrange for stronger demons to fight them as long as they were capable enough.

At this moment, another jail wagon was pulled up.

Oh?

Meng Chuan’s pupils constricted. There was a very thin demon in the cell, but it had a huge build due to its big bones. Though it was sitting cross-legged in the cage, its body appeared massive. Its dark yellow eyes swept across the outside world; its body was covered with dried fur that alternated between black and yellow.

Tiger demon? Meng Chuan was alarmed.

“It’s a tiger demon!”

“It’s actually a tiger demon!” the Dao Academy disciples exclaimed. Among the demons, there were many like pig demons and wolf demons. Most of them were ordinary and occasionally produced powerful demons. However, there were very few tiger demons; even the weaker ones were at the level of a greater demon.

The official from the Imperial Court laughed loudly and said, “Everyone, this is one of our greater demons at the Demon-Slaying Meet. Furthermore, it’s a tiger demon! Of course, it has been starving for a long time, and its body has become much weaker. Its muscles have also atrophied, leaving it at thirty percent of its peak strength. It will be Meng Chuan’s opponent, and will also be the opponent for Mortal Shedding realm disciples. Everyone, you have to be careful. Even if its strength has been greatly reduced, it is still stronger than you. You must be careful.”

Bang!

The cage door was pulled open. The one-armed man looked at the tiger demon and said coldly, “You can return to your cell after winning ten consecutive rounds. Furthermore, you will enjoy a month’s worth of food and drink.”

“Ten rounds?”

The tiger demon slowly walked out of the cage with its body bent. It scanned its surroundings.

It could sense a terrifying threat from over ten people in the spectators around the arena. The deans of the eight great Dao Academies, the experts of the five great family clans, the experts from the Imperial Court, Mei Yuanzhi from the Jadesun Palace, the one-armed man, etc. They added up to 18 people. Even at its peak, these terrifying humans were able to kill it the moment they clashed. However, it didn’t know that more than half of Eastcalm Prefecture’s powerful experts were present.

But of course, the scariest one was the person sitting in the seat of honor.

Jadesun Palace Lord sat there, and what it sensed from him felt like a sun! Just releasing a tiny bit of his might was enough to kill it.

“My first opponent is this little fellow?” The tiger demon glanced at Meng Chuan who was on the opposite end of the arena. “How weak.”

Tiger demon! Meng Chuan focused intently as the glow in his eyes converged. His killing intent intensified.

However, he remained motionless on the spot. This spot was at the edge of the arena. Even if the tiger demon rushed over, it had to be careful that it didn’t leave the arena. Demons were executed the moment they stepped out of the arena!

Meng Chuan planned on probing the tiger demon before deciding on a battle plan.

Whoosh.

The moment the tiger demon pounced on him, it brought the smell of blood with. It arrived in front of him in the blink of an eye.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan immediately ducked, slashing out as he retreated. However, the tiger’s claw blocked the attack, causing Meng Chuan to retreat several steps when he landed on the ground.

Speed is my forte, but its speed is not inferior to mine. Meng Chuan was secretly stunned. Its strength is twice mine. This is thirty percent of its peak strength? Fortunately, it hasn’t reached the Unity realm, although it’s skilled in combat. I’ll target my enemy’s weaknesses with my strengths.

I have a chance of killing it!

He instantly made a decision.

Ordinary Dao Academy disciples would be nervous when fighting demons for the first time. It would be impressive if they were able to unleash 70% of their full strength. However, Meng Chuan was different. The flames of passion he had suppressed in his heart since he was young erupted when he faced demons. He became more thrilled! He became even more excited and focused. His body and mind worked in perfect concert, allowing the strength he delivered to be even stronger. This was his combat state.

He was in a good state, and he was capable of performing exceptionally well.

“He actually managed to dodge? Interesting,” said the tiger demon in a deep voice before it charged forward once more.

Meng Chuan took the initiative to meet it by lunging forward. His speed was no less than the tiger demon. Unlike the tiger demon that just charged forward, his movements were more ethereal—like a gust of wind.

Their paths crossed.

The instant they met, Meng Chuan’s saber silently slashed forward. This strike was the Bizarro Saber Stance of the Falling Leaf Saber, and its crux was to take opponents by surprise.

The saber beam slashed across the tiger demon’s abdomen, tearing through its furry hide.

“You injured me?” The tiger demon stopped and touched its abdomen, looking even more ferocious.

Meng Chuan only stared at it and shouted, “Kill!” before he continued charging forward.

Whoosh. Whoosh.

They crossed each other again.

Meng Chuan didn’t embroil himself with the tiger demon. He relied on his bizarre movement techniques and employed a hit-and-run strategy. He knew very well that if he were to engage in a head-to-head battle, the powerful resilient tiger demon would be able to exchange blows with him. It only suffered minor injuries from each saber strike, but being hit by the tiger demon’s claw would result in severe injuries. It might even lead to death.

In the arena, the tiger demon chased after Meng Chuan with a murderous aura as the latter attacked and retreated repeatedly.

With every exchange, the tiger demon would be left with a wound on its body.

Clearly, Meng Chuan’s saber arts were more brilliant.

As its wounds increased in number, the tiger demon’s injuries gradually worsened.

Pfft. Another slash swiped across an existing wound on the tiger demon’s lower abdomen, widening the wound three times the size. Blood splattered everywhere, causing the tiger demon to stagger. It stared at the human youth with reddened eyes while Meng Chuan continued staring at it coldly.

“He actually injured the tiger demon seriously.”

“Why do I have the feeling Meng Chuan isn’t someone who recently gained insight into the Unity realm? The might he’s showcasing is even more ferocious.”

“He’s very calm. He doesn’t give the tiger demon any chance.”

The upper echelons of the five great family clans, the Dao Academies’ deans, and the experts of the imperial government were all chatting with one another. Clearly, they were quite impressed.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue was extremely nervous. Every clash with the tiger demon made her reel with anxiety. That was a greater demon!

Is this Meng Chuan’s pursuit? Yun Qingping’s thoughts drifted as she watched. In her eyes, the silly and wooden Meng Chuan only had cultivation on his mind and was too mild-tempered. She didn’t like that. However, his killing intent was terrifying in the arena today. He had killed the goat demon with a single slash. And he was currently engaged in battle with the tiger demon. Although his killing intent was restrained, it only served to make Meng Chuan appear even more terrifying and ferocious...

This was still Meng Chuan!

Is this his real side? Yun Qingping felt that she had been wrong in the past. Meng Chuan—who normally looked ordinary—appeared ferocious during intense bouts of blood and steel.

Perhaps getting married to him wasn’t bad either.

However, what the family clan had done couldn’t be reversed.

...

The wound on the tiger demon’s abdomen was deep. However, its muscles rapidly contracted to stop the blood from flowing. Even so, the tiger demon’s speed suffered. It glared fiercely at Meng Chuan as it emanated a baneful aura.

However, Meng Chuan completely ignored its baneful aura. He was like the calmest hunter that was ready to take its life at any moment.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan lunged forward again.

“Roar!” As the two sides closed the gap, the tiger demon roared as it charged forward.

With a roar, distorted black ripples surged in all directions.

The tiger demon’s black and red fur immediately lit up as a golden glow saturated its eyes. Its claws’ might increased tremendously.

“Oh? It actually has the bloodline of a demon monarch? It has been imprisoned for more than a year, but we didn’t realize it. It really hid itself well.” Seated in the seat of honor, Jadesun Palace Lord was alarmed. Invisible forces enveloped every corner of the arena as he was prepared to interfere at any moment. It was Jadesun Palace’s fault for arranging demons that exceeded their expectations.

When the roar hit him, Meng Chuan felt his ears and head ring. Yet, the more critical the moment, the more focused his mind. This allowed him to maintain his lucidity. Facing the mighty claws, he immediately switched to defending. Over the past few years, he had been defending against Qiyue’s archery every single day, so he was extremely skilled in defense.

Boom! Meng Chuan felt an incomparably heavy and terrifying force pass through his saber and into his body as he was thrown backward.

As he was sent flying backward, Meng Chuan immediately tapped the arena beneath his feet to hasten his speedy retreat.

The tiger demon immediately pounced forward. It was a narrow escape for Meng Chuan as it failed to pounce onto him.

He immediately retreated from the arena and landed on the ground. He staggered as he used his saber to prop himself up.

Pfft. He couldn’t hold back the mouthful of blood that erupted out of his mouth. His face was pale, and blood seeped out from his ears. It was due to the earlier roar.

He actually escaped?

The tiger demon stared at Meng Chuan below, feeling extremely shocked.

In the face of death, it had been forced to reveal its hidden demon monarch bloodline. The Tiger Roar would usually be able to stun an enemy at a critical moment! It would take the opportunity to kill the enemy. However, the human youth was still able to block its attacks despite the bleeding in his ears. He didn’t hesitate to tap the arena to speed up his retreat as he was sent flying backwards. This caused its second pounce to fail.

“Chuan’er.” Meng Dajian rushed over, and Liu Qiyue was worried as well.

“This Meng Chuan...” Palace Lord Jade Sun’s eyes lit up when he saw this. Many experts might seem to be at a high realm, and their combat techniques were powerful during training. However, when it came to life-and-death battles, it was rather impressive for them to unleash 60 to 70 percent of their full potential. As for how many could exceed their usual standards, that depended on multiple aspects such as their battle intelligence, will, and state of mind. Those who were good at combat were capable of killing three or four opponents in a row even if they were in similar realms with their opponents.

COMMENT

“This is his first time dealing with demons, right?” Jadesun Palace Lord was very satisfied. “I hope he really can become a Godfiend.”

Meng Chuan could also feel his hearing gradually recovering. Meng Dajiang used his Quintessential Energy to check on him as he said, “Chuan’er, it’s fine. Your ears were damaged from the vibrations. You will recover in a few days.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“You were very wise to retreat from the arena just now. This tiger demon actually has the bloodline of a demon monarch.” Meng Dajiang said solemnly, “It will be sent to the State Capital even if it survives since it has been exposed.”

“Next...” Suddenly, a voice rang out.

Meng Chuan looked over and saw that the speaker was the official from the Imperial Court. The official smiled and said in a loud, clear voice, “Jadesun Palace, Yan Jin!”

“Eh?” Everyone present was shocked.

He wasn’t a disciple from the eight Dao Academies?

After Meng Chuan, shouldn’t it be a Mortal Shedding realm disciple from the Dao Academies? Why was it someone from Jadesun Palace?

“Our Jadesun Palace has a junior as well. He wishes to give it a try.” Palace Lord Jade Sun smiled as he nodded at the white-robed youth behind him.

The white-robed youth rose to his feet and walked towards the arena.

“What? He’s also in the Marrow Cleansing realm?” There were many experts present. They could naturally determine from the white-robed youth’s aura that he had yet to cultivate a Godfiend body and was still at the Marrow Cleansing realm.

“To deal with the tiger demon at the Marrow Cleansing realm?” Everyone was somewhat astonished.

Even Meng Chuan was astonished. He knew how powerful the tiger demon was.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: Yan Jin and Mei Yuanzhi
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Under the attention of the five great clans and the eight great Dao Academies, the white-robed youth calmly walked up the arena with his sword on his back. His hands reached behind his back. Inside the scabbard were two swords.

He held a sword in each hand and left them pointing askew to the ground as he coldly stared at the tiger demon.

“Another young fellow.” The tiger demon’s face twitched. There was a wound on its face, and more than ten wounds littered its body—the wound on its abdomen was especially large.

“Kill!” It didn’t wish to delay any further as it charged forward.

The white-robed youth charged forward head-on with a sword in each hand.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The tiger demon and the white-robed youth, Yan Jin, clashed head-on. Although the tiger demon looked more powerful with greater strength and speed, its advantage seemed limited! The white-robed youth’s two longswords corresponded to Yin and Yang. When one sword was suppressed, power would be accumulated in the other sword before erupting. The stronger the suppression, the stronger the rebound force.

They were fighting head-on.

The white-robed youth’s sword technique had clearly reached the Unity realm. His technique was brilliant. His sword would occasionally add another wound to the tiger demon.

“The white-robed youth’s sword technique has reached the Unity realm as well. He’s in no way inferior to Meng Chuan.”

“Furthermore, he is likely born with tremendous strength. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to match the tiger demon’s strength.”

“He’s born with tremendous strength despite looking so young and tender?”

Everyone was astonished. Meng Chuan was too.

With high population numbers, there were occurrences of special people who were born with tremendous strength or exceptional speed. For example, his fellow disciple—Wan Mang—was born with tremendous strength. His strength at the Marrow Cleansing realm was comparable to someone at the Mortal Shedding realm! However, the majority of those who were born with tremendous strength were very muscular. It was rare to see someone like the mysterious youth—Yan Jin—to be born with tremendous strength while having such a figure.

Being at the Unity realm, the white-dressed youth’s body, mind, and technique fused as one. The strength he unleashed was 80 percent of the tiger demon’s! His speed was also 70 to 80 percent of the tiger demon’s. With the addition of his dual sword technique, he was in no way inferior to it at all. The direct clash worsened the tiger demon’s injuries.

Roar! The tiger demon roared again as its black and red fur lit up. The might of its claws increased as it once again unleashed the demon monarch bloodline!

Boom!

There was a loud bang.

The white-dressed youth used both his swords to block as he was knocked back several steps from the impact. Blood trickled down the corner of his lips. He forcefully stabilized himself and stared coldly at the tiger demon.

He dared to block it head-on? Meng Chuan was somewhat surprised. That’s right. The tiger demon’s demon monarch bloodline can completely crush me, but it’s not that useful when dealing with Yan Jin. Besides, his sword technique is clearly good at deflecting forces.

Oh? The tiger demon couldn’t believe it and immediately pounced forward to continue its barrage of attacks.

But with a squishing sound...

The huge wound at its abdomen could no longer withstand it using its full strength. The wound split open again, and blood splattered everywhere. Even the other wounds on its body began to bleed.

Seeing this, the white-robed youth charged forward without any hesitation, continuing his attack with both swords.

Damn it. Damn it. If it weren’t for the punk from before dealing this much damage to me... The tiger demon was infuriated. The other wounds were all superficial, but the wound at its lower abdomen was too deep. Under the explosive power of its bloodline, it couldn’t suppress the wound from being aggravated.

If it were in perfect shape, it would be more willing to fight this white-robed kid.

Although the white-robed kid was stronger and more ferocious in close combat, it wasn’t afraid of ferociousness.

Instead, it was the one who used the saber! He employed hit-and-run tactics! He was extremely slippery, his saber swift and unpredictable. It was how it suffered such serious injuries.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! The severe injuries prevented it from unleashing the strength of the demon monarch’s bloodline. The tiger demon could only resist with great difficulty, but its strength and speed had clearly weakened. It was completely suppressed by the white-dressed youth as more and more wounds appeared on its body.

My fate was determined the day I was captured by that human Godfiend. The tiger demon sensed that its life was coming to an end. When the white-robed kid stabbed out with his final strike, it didn’t resist.

Pfft.

The sword stabbed into the tiger demon’s glabella and penetrated its head.

The tiger demon was dead!

It had not been able to fight ten matches in a row, dying in just two rounds. It had even died under the hands of two Marrow Cleansing realm youths.

“He actually killed him...” For a moment, there was utter silence.

The white-robed youth retracted his sword and walked down the stage.

“Jadesun Palace’s Yan Jin, are you not going to continue?” the official from the Imperial Court asked. Logically speaking, as long as they won and stayed in the arena, Jadesun Palace would arrange for even more powerful demons.

The white-robed youth didn’t say a word as he walked towards his seat.

The Imperial Court official could do nothing.

Since he had already left the arena, that meant that he had naturally given up. He immediately waited for the Jadesun Palace soldiers to remove the tiger demon’s corpse and send a new demon over.

“Oh?”

The seated Meng Chuan noticed that the white-robed youth came to the Mirror Lake Dao Academy seats and stopped. He turned to look at Meng Chuan and coldly said, “If you hadn’t injured it, its speed would have been thirty percent faster. It would have been able to unleash its demon monarch bloodline for a longer period. I would have no choice but to flee.” With that said, he continued walking towards his seat.

His voice was a little cold. As he spoke, the dean and six disciples from Mirror Lake Dao Academy remained silent.

Yan Jin returned to Jadesun Palace Lord’s side and sat down.

“This person named Yan Jin only spoke once the entire time and it was directed at Senior Brother Meng,” Wan Mang said in surprise.

“Indeed. From the arena to his seat, he only said one sentence. He’s really cold.” Bai Guan nodded.

Meng Chuan stared curiously at the white-robed youth.

He could sense the pride in the white-robed youth’s bones. He appeared to be so cold that he couldn’t be bothered with others. He didn’t even respond to the official’s question, but he had ended up saying such words to Meng Chuan. Clearly, he didn’t want to take advantage of the situation.

“This Yan Jin looks very young, seemingly younger than Meng Chuan?” the Meng family’s clan leader, Meng Yanping, said in a low voice.

“He doesn’t look very old,” said Meng Dajiang. “His talent is high, yet he’s still in the Marrow Cleansing realm. He’s probably fifteen-years-old at most.”

With high talent, even if he didn’t have a large family clan behind him, he would still be groomed by the Dao Academy. His cultivation speed wouldn’t be slower in any way.

“It’s beginning,” Clan Leader Meng Yanping said. Another demon had entered the arena.

“This is also a greater demon. However, it’s only an ox demon. It looks like Jadesun Palace Lord specially prepared the tiger demon for Chuan’er,” Meng Dajiang said with a smile. Tiger demons were rarer and all-rounded, with almost no weaknesses. If not for the long-term starvation that led to a decrease in strength, both Meng Chuan and Yan Jin wouldn’t be qualified to fight a tiger demon that was a greater demon.

...

The disciples of the eight great Dao Academies went up the arena one after another.

Disciples at the Mortal Shedding realm were generally older. The youngest disciples were 16 years old and the oldest ones were 20 years old. They wouldn’t be at the Dao Academies if they were any older. They would be serving in the military!

According to any Dao Academy’s rules, those at the Marrow Cleansing realm could only cultivate there to the age of 18. 20 for those at the Mortal Shedding realm. As for the Seamless realm? As long as one attained the Seamless realm, they would leave the Dao Academy as it no longer had anything to teach them.

The battles continued. In the blink of an eye, it was noon.

The Mortal Shedding realm disciples had also finished their battles.

The 24 disciples at the Mortal Shedding realm were generally much more powerful. Three of them had figured out the secret technique, and these three had Mortal Shedding realm foundations. They were even more powerful than Meng Chuan and Yan Jin! Thus, the battles were even more exciting. However, the three disciples who had figured out the secret techniques were inferior to the duo in terms of potential. Two had figured out the secret technique at eighteen-years-old, while the other had figured out the secret technique at the age of nineteen. Their chances of becoming Godfiends were much lower than the duo.

Meng Chuan’s father—Meng Dajiang—and another member of the Meng family—Meng Zhu—had comprehended the secret technique when they were nineteen. Similarly, their chances of becoming Godfiends were slim.

Presently, the person with the highest talent amongst the Eastcalm Prefecture’s younger generation was Mei Yuanzhi—who had figured out “Force.”

The second was Meng Chuan!

Ranked behind them were the three Mortal Shedding realm fighters who had comprehended the secret technique.

Of course, the white-robed youth—Yan Jin—was also on par with Meng Chuan. In fact, he was even more outstanding. But, he was likely to be a foreigner. Otherwise, it was impossible for the five Godfiend family clans to never hear of him.

“All the disciples of the eight Dao Academies have had their battles,” the official from the Imperial Court said loudly, his voice echoing throughout the area. “Next up is the final demon-slaying battle.”

“Final battle?” Everyone was astonished. Even Meng Chuan listened carefully. He thought that it was over.

The official from the Imperial Court continued with a smile. “The last battle will pit Mei Yuanzhi against a centipede greater demon that has condensed a demon core.”

Mei Yuanzhi? I never expected him to be fighting today. Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: The Demon-Slaying Meet Ends
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“The Jadesun Palace treats Mei Yuanzhi really well. They esspecially found him a greater demon that has condensed a demon core to battle.” Yun Fucheng chuckled softly. “It’s probably because they hope Mei Yuanzhi will be able to make use of this battle to improve further, improving his chances of entering Archean Mountain.”

“Brother, do you think Mei Yuanzhi can enter Archean Mountain?” Yun Fu’an asked. “If he enters Archean Mountain and becomes a Godfiend, he might outshine our Yun family.”

In the entire Eastcalm Prefecture, only the Zhang family’s Patriarch was a Godfiend from Archean Mountain.

If there was an additional one?

“Enter Archean Mountain? Do you think it’s that easy to enter?” Yun Fucheng asked softly. “In the Great Zhou Dynasty’s 23 states, there are only twenty spots. Additionally, the descendants of powerful Godfiends from the imperial capital and the state capitals all want to enter too. It’s much harder for a commoner genius to enter Archean Mountain compared to those powerful Godfiend descendants.”

“What about Meng Chuan?” Yun Fu’an couldn’t help but ask. “Fairy Meng will definitely help Meng Chuan with all she has.”

“Fairy Meng is nothing.” Yun Fucheng shook his head gently. He enveloped the area with his energy to isolate their conversation. “She didn’t even enter Archean Mountain. Even father’s greatest goal was to enter Archean Mountain.”

Yun Fu’an nodded.

Whether one entered Archean Mountain was a demarcating line that differentiated the strength of Godfiends.

As long as they were strong enough, they would be invited by Archean Mountain.

“As for Mei Yuanzhi, he figured out Ice Force too late. There’s only a 20–30% chance of entering Archean Mountain,” Yun Fucheng said. “I understand his temper. He’s quite arrogant. Even if he becomes a Godfiend of Archean Mountain, he wouldn’t be willing to remain in Eastcalm Prefecture.”

In this world—other than those who were shackled by their large family clans—the truly talented commoners who had no attachments would rather settle down in the state capitals, imperial capital, or even move their families to the Archean Mountain region.

...

Everyone was discussing Mei Yuanzhi.

Many people felt that Mei Yuanzhi’s chances of entering Archean Mountain were slim, but everyone knew he had a chance at least. That was already very impressive.

“Be careful,” instructed Jadesun Palace Lord.

“Okay.” The skinny Mei Yuanzhi stood up and walked towards the arena.

When he arrived in the arena, he faced a demon with a black carapace covering its body. It had a woman’s face and six armored arms. It also had a sharp black tail that was particularly eye-catching. It looked at Mei Yuanzhi with a faint smile, its voice very gentle. “Very young fellow. I can sense your vigorous vitality.”

Mei Yuanzhi drew his sword and a terrifying chill condensed. At that moment, Mei Yuanzhi was like an ice mountain as his might constantly increased. Even the cold air that he gradually released caused the entire arena to produce frost.

“Ice Force?” The centipede demoness smiled. “But it looks like you only figured it out recently.”

“Kill!” A cold glint flashed across Mei Yuanzhi’s eyes.

His body instantly split into seven. Seven figures appeared in different spots, surrounding the centipede demon as each slashed out a sword beam.

Seven sword beams cleaved at the centipede demon in the middle.

The centipede demon stood there motionless. “You are dispensing that tiny bit of power?” Her six arms struck out in every direction, producing a series of thunderous booms. The centipede demon’s hands were white, but they were incomparably tough. She shattered each sword beam to pieces.

Pfft.

Mei Yuanzhi’s true body suddenly appeared in front of the centipede demon. He thrust his sword towards the centipede demon’s head. It was bizarre, but it was faster and more terrifying than the seven sword beams earlier.

“Oh?” The centipede demon was shocked. Two of its hands forcefully clasped the sword.

It stared at Mei Yuanzhi and grinned. “So the seven sword beams were purposely used as a distraction. This is the actual killer move?”

Shatter! Mei Yuanzhi’s eyes flashed fiercely.

The sword in the centipede demon’s hands suddenly exploded and the sharp sword shards shot out as they were boosted by Quintessential Energy. The shards hit the centipede demon’s face, causing it to let out an anguished howl.

A layer of ice formed on the surface of Mei Yuanzhi’s palms as he struck the centipede demon’s chest.

Boom! The centipede demon was sent flying.

This is the real killer move! Mei Yuanzhi’s eyes were cold. He knew very well that he was a little weaker compared to the centipede demon that had condensed a demon core. Thus, the first thing he did was give it his all. People knew he was skilled in sword arts. But after he had figured out Ice Force, it made no difference using Ice Force with a sword art or a fist art. The sword wasn’t important to him; it was just used as a distraction.

The centipede demon’s face was covered in blood as its chest caved in. It let out an angry howl as it flew backward. “Humans are truly sinister! Die!!!” The raging centipede demon’s aura expanded rapidly as its demon core shattered. Its demonic energy was instantly boosted to a new extreme.

“Die!!!”

The centipede demon struck out simultaneously with its six palms but strangely ended up striking the two Dao Academies closest to it—the Blazing Sun Academy and the Wind Center Dao Academy.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

In an instant, hundreds of black beams shot out from the six palms, shooting towards the two Dao Academies’ seats. The centipede demon’s tail expanded and its extremely sharp stinger flailed about—instantly stabbing at Mei Yuanzhi who was still shocked.

“Not good.”

“Be careful.”

Everyone was in a panic.

The two deans of Blazing Sun Dao Academy and Wind Center Dao Academy were both shocked and furious. The twelve disciples were even more terrified.

We won’t be able to hold it off. The two deans faced hundreds of black beams. It would already be a blessing if they could save a disciple or two while protecting themselves. There was no way they could save everyone.

“Qiyue!” Meng Chuan was alarmed as well. Despite being spectators, danger had befallen them suddenly. The centipede demon had attacked the spectating Dao Academy disciples?

“Immobilize!” The seated Jadesun Palace Lord frowned slightly as he softly commanded.

The surrounding void trembled.

The hundreds of black beams that were faster than arrows were completely obliterated.

The centipede demon lost control of itself as it was hoisted into the air. Unable to move a single inch of its body, it disbelievingly stared at Jadesun Palace Lord—who was sitting on the seat of honor. “Impossible. There’s no way you can stop a strike after I shattered my demon core from such a distance...”

“Nothing is impossible.”

Jadesun Palace Lord stood up and took two steps before reaching the arena. He looked at the centipede demon that was completely frozen and unable to fight back. “I never expected that you would actually have the guts to shatter your demon core and even attempt to kill us humans.”

“Hahaha.” The centipede demon let out a shrill laugh. “Don’t you humans want to use me to hone your young geniuses? How can I grant your wishes? Not only that, but I’ll also kill your juniors. The more I kill, the better. Unfortunately, I failed in the end. None of them were killed. Cough, cough—”

The corner of its mouth was stained with green blood. It couldn’t live for long after shattering its demon core.

“Just wait. The entire world will ultimately belong to demons. When that happens, all of you humans will die. All of you will—” The centipede demoness shouted hysterically.

Pfft.

The centipede demon was instantly diced by invisible threads, turning into a pool of black-green blood.

“What a joke.” Jadesun Palace Lord scoffed before turning to look at Mei Yuanzhi who was still in a daze. He hadn’t expected the centipede demon to deliberately take his blow and use the impact to approach the Dao Academy disciples and attempt to kill them. The centipede had never intended to fight him from the beginning.

“Deploying such a greater demon with a condensed core... It’s not like greater demons are obedient. Alright, you may leave,” instructed Jadesun Palace Lord.

“Yes.” Mei Yuanzhi nodded.

Jadesun Palace Lord stood alone in the arena as he looked at the various factions.

The spectators felt lingering fear in their hearts. The centipede demon’s suicide attack by shattering its demon core was too terrifying.

“Since I dared to arrange for a greater demon to enter the arena, there won’t be any slip-ups,” said Jadesun Palace Lord indifferently. “This Demon-Slaying Meet is over!”

With that said, Jadesun Palace Lord turned and left. In just a few steps, he vanished from everyone’s sight.

“Everyone.”

At that moment, the magistrate stood up and said with a smile, “Everyone must have been shocked just now. However, with the Palace Lord around, the greater demon that condensed a demon core is nothing but a clown! The disciples of the eight Dao Academies have also seen how powerful the demons are at today’s Demon-Slaying Meet. These demons are chained and have suffered in prison. They are unable to utilize their peak strength. Therefore, when you enter the battlefield, your opponents will be even more terrifying even if you have companions. Therefore, Dao Academy disciples, you must cultivate more diligently. In the future, you will be able to protect yourself on the battlefield and kill more demons.”

...

The Demon-Slaying Meet was over.

Everything the centipede demon did had left the Dao Academy disciples astounded. Of course, Jadesun Palace Lord’s incredible strength made them yearn for it. The centipede demon was as weak as an ant in front of the Palace Lord.

“Amazing. Ah Chuan, did you see it? Hundreds of black beams of light were shattered, and the centipede demon was lifted up, unable to move in midair at all.” Liu Qiyue was still very excited on the way home. “From beginning to end, I didn’t even see Jadesun Palace Lord attack. Just a tiny amount of his energy was already so terrifying.”

“Qiyue, you were almost killed by the centipede demon, yet you are still so excited,” said Meng Chuan helplessly.

“Don’t you think the Palace Lord is very strong?” asked Liu Qiyue immediately.

“That’s a Godfiend that came from Archean Mountain. How can he not be strong?” An eagerness arose in Meng Chuan’s eyes. He had always dreamt of becoming a Godfiend.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: First Meeting with Grandaunt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Meng Chuan cultivated the Falling Leaf Saber on the training grounds. His entire body was like a gust of wind amidst flashing saber beams. He completed an entire set in the blink of an eye. He walked to the stone bench and sat down, lost in thought.

He recalled his conversation with Dean Ge Yu yesterday.

“Dean, after I figured out the secret technique, my Falling Leaf Saber reached a perfected state. There’s no more room for improvement. How should I continue my cultivation to figure out Saber Force?”

“Meng Chuan, the more you cultivate saber arts, the more you will have to rely on yourself. What I can teach you is limited,” Ge Yu said with a smile as he drank his alcohol. “I can only tell you how I figured out Force. Back when I was on the battlefield in Qinyang Pass, I faced demons in life-and-death battles. I began to find my saber arts rather burdensome, so I gradually modified my saber arts.”

“I used whatever killed demons the easiest. After my military service, I requested to remain at Qinyang Pass and spent twelve years there. One day, my self-created saber arts reached perfection, and I figured out Saber Force,” said Ge Yu.

“A self-created saber art?” Meng Chuan was astonished.

“That’s right.” Ge Yu smiled as he drank his alcohol. “Once you cultivate a top-notch saber art to perfection, you will be able to comprehend the secret technique and reach the Unity realm. You will be able to figure out Saber Force if you create a top-notch technique you can call your own.”

“Dean, what kind of saber art did you create? Can I have a look?” Meng Chuan asked curiously.

“Haha, feast your eyes.” At the time, the half-drunk Ge Yu grew excited as he began to showcase his saber art.

His saber arts were more sinister, more bizarre, and even more ferocious.

Ge Yu was thin, but he had a long saber. He was like a mandrel brandishing its saber. Saber flashes surrounded him as if every part of his body could produce saber flashes. The courtyard became much colder; countless leaves tore apart and fluttered under the saber beam. Meng Chuan felt his heart chill when seeing the sinister and bizarre saber art.

This was just a demonstration—one that didn’t involve killing enemies with all his might. It was probably ten times more powerful when it came to killing enemies.

This was Eastcalm Prefecture’s swiftest saber.

“This saber art isn’t suitable for you.” Ge Yu swung his saber and stabbed it into the scabbard hanging by his side. He smiled and said, “This is the most suitable saber art for me. I’m small-sized and skinny, but my arms are quite long. This saber art is suitable for my build. For ordinary people like you, it’s best to cultivate the Falling Leaf Saber. The Falling Leaf Saber was created by a Godfiend from Archean Mountain, so it’s the most suitable to build a foundation with.”

“The Mirror Lake Dao Academy doesn’t have much left to teach you since you’ve perfected the Falling Leaf Saber. You’ll need to rely on yourself,” said Ge Yu with a smile. “As a dean, I don’t have any other extravagant wishes. I just want to produce a Archean Mountain Godfiend in my life. Haha, then I—Ge Yu—will be able to brag for the rest of my life.”

...

Meng Chuan contemplated as he recalled the conversation.

“Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang came to the training grounds.

“Dad.” Meng Chuan stood up.

“Come, follow me to the ancestral mansion to meet your grandaunt,” Meng Dajiang said.

Meng Chuan jolted. “Grandaunt... Dad, are you referring to...?”

“Yes, the Fairy,” said Meng Dajiang softly.

Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up. This was the Meng family’s pride and joy—a pillar of support for the Meng family! The second Godfiend in the Meng family’s history!

“Dad, let’s go!” Meng Chuan was extremely excited and couldn’t wait to see his grandaunt.

...

In the ancestral mansion, Fairy Meng’s residence looked ordinary. All it did was take up an area that was slightly larger than other ordinary yards in the ancestral mansion.

“Follow me in.” Meng Dajiang led Meng Chuan into the courtyard carefully, not daring to make any loud noises.

In the courtyard, an old woman with her walking stick was watching a peach tree blossom. She carefully looked at the flowers that had just bloomed.

Meng Chuan carefully observed.

The old woman was very quiet when she observed the peach blossoms, as though she had become one with the world. If one closed their eyes, one wouldn’t be able to sense the old lady’s existence. Meng Chuan understood that this old lady was likely Fairy Meng—his grandaunt.

“You’re here?” Fairy Meng turned her head and smiled at the father and son duo.

“Quick, greet your grandaunt.” Meng Dajiang urged softly.

Only then did Meng Chuan rush forward. He knelt and kowtowed. “Greetings, Grandaunt.”

“Quickly get up.” Fairy Meng sat down. “Both of you can sit down.”

Only then did Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan sit to the side.

Meng Chuan was very curious about his grandaunt. He carefully observed her appearance. She had to be very beautiful when she was young. Unbeknownst to him, Fairy Meng looked like a mortal in her thirties or forties before her injury.

“Meng Chuan, come here. Come closer to me,” said Fairy Meng gently.

Meng Chuan immediately sat on a nearby chair.

Fairy Meng held Meng Chuan’s hand and looked at him. The more she looked at him, the more fond she became of him. This was the Meng family’s hope!

“Meng Chuan, you should be at the perfected Marrow Cleansing realm in another two or three months, right?” asked Fairy Meng.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Foundation Establishment, Body Tempering, Marrow Cleansing. All of them only forge your foundation. It allows one to cultivate their bodies to perfection,” said Fairy Meng. “When one is at the Mortal Shedding realm, they will begin to shed their mortal coils, cultivate Godfiend bodies, and gradually possess the power of Godfiends. This is a change in life’s natural order. It’s akin to ants transforming into tigers or leopards. We will slowly transform from mortals to Godfiends.”

“The first step in the transformation is the Mortal Shedding realm.”

“This step is especially important. At this stage, one can create an extremely robust Godfiend foundation as long as sufficient valuable treasures are provided..”

“A Godfiend foundation?” Meng Chuan was stunned.

“The growth of a fetus in their mother’s womb is very important,” said Fairy Meng. “Some ancient Godfiend family clans would have pregnant women consume all kinds of valuable treasures. Once born, their children will far exceed their peers.”

“The Mortal Shedding realm is akin to a Godfiend fetus’ growth,” said Fairy Meng. “It can change one’s talent at the most critical moment. I’ve already used up all the treasures our family saved up over the years to exchange for a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. When you begin cultivating a Godfiend body, you can immediately consume it. That will allow you to set up a strong foundation. The strength of your body and the purity of your Quintessential Energy will far exceed your peers.”

“Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid?” Meng Dajiang was shocked. “This... Aunt, by doing this...” Perhaps more than half the Meng family’s savings had been spent.

This matter hadn’t been discussed with the clan leader and Elders. After all, Meng Dajiang hadn’t known.

“This is my decision, and I’ve already done it,” said Fairy Meng. “A Godfiend’s foundation is very important. If you miss the earliest period during the Mortal Shedding realm, no amount of treasures in the future can change the foundation. It’s worth expending all our family’s resources for this drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid!”

Meng Chuan suddenly felt immense pressure.

Why is Grandaunt putting all her effort into this? To exchange all the family clan’s treasures for a single drop of a Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid, and it’s for me? The family clan has always maintained fair rules. I have only figured out the secret technique. Whether I become a Godfiend is still unknown. Why is the family grooming me to such an extent?

“Meng Chuan.” Fairy Meng smiled as she looked at this child that shared her blood. She could tell that he was feeling uneasy. “I’m severely injured and can only live another seven to eight years. Therefore, I can’t afford to wait any longer. I have to do my best to groom you.”

Meng Chuan was stunned.

The pillar of the family clan can only live for another seven to eight years?

Fairy Meng continued, “Not only did I exchange a drop of the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid for you, all the credit I accumulated with Archean Mountain by battling with demons for 80 years will be transferred to you as long as you achieve Saber Force before twenty years of age.”

“Aunt, this credit was accumulated by you over so many years,” said Meng Dajiang.

“It’s worth it as long as the family clan can produce another Godfiend.” Fairy Meng looked at Meng Chuan. “Meng Chuan, you are our family’s only hope. I have a feeling that you can shoulder all of this.”

When Meng Chuan was six, he experienced a calamity. His temperament was extraordinary, so he quickly accepted it. He nodded and said, “Grandaunt, I don’t know if I can become a Godfiend, but I will do everything I can!”

“To still be calm at this moment.” Fairy Meng smiled and nodded. “Very good. You didn’t disappoint me.”

Meng Dajiang felt a little nervous.

“Dajiang.” Fairy Meng said, “Perhaps you might not agree with how I’m telling Meng Chuan everything and betting everything on him. But to become a Godfiend, how can one not have a strong fortitude? You have to believe in your son. Meng Chuan is stronger than you think.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: Meng Chuan’s Cultivation Path
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Dajiang looked at his son and thought about the battles at the Demon-Slaying Meet two days ago. He understood. Although his son was still young, it was indeed time for him to be independent.

“Before Meng Chuan cultivates a Godfiend body, bring him to me to get the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid.” Fairy Meng exhorted.

“Yes,” replied Meng Dajiang.

That drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid was incomparably precious.

Even for geniuses from some ancient Godfiend family clans in the imperial capital, they were unable to obtain a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid to forge their Godfiend foundation. Generally speaking, only one-in-a-century geniuses would receive intense grooming by an ancient Godfiend family clan. For Godfiend family clans with limited heritage, how could they possibly bet everything on one child like the Meng family?

“Meng Chuan, you can ask me if you have any questions regarding your cultivation,” said Fairy Meng with a smile. “You can also talk to me if you encounter any trouble.”

“Grandaunt.” Meng Chuan immediately said, “I do have something I am rather perplexed about.”

“Let me guess. How do you reach the next stage for saber arts?” said Fairy Meng with a smile.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I’ve asked the dean at the Dao Academy. He only said that he figured out Saber Force by creating a top-notch saber art.”

“That’s indeed a method.” Fairy Meng nodded as she looked at Meng Dajiang. “Dajiang, how did you break through?”

Meng Dajiang was taken aback as he reminisced. He said, “Back when I served in the military, each member of a team was delegated with particular tasks. I was responsible for holding back demons. Therefore, I mainly cultivated three saber moves. I stayed at Qinyang Pass for ten years. I later returned to our hometown and traveled the surrounding prefectures along the way. I happened to encounter a battle between a woman and a demon.”

Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan and smiled. “That was your mother.”

Meng Chuan’s heart trembled. Mom?

“Your mother was very pretty. I will never forget your mother’s figure fighting demons under the sun. Pumped with energy back then, I rushed forward without any thought and used my saber art to easily hold back demons. My saber art felt especially ethereal and extremely easy. I actually figured out Saber Force just like that,” said Meng Dajiang with a smile. “The first time I met your mother was the day I figured out Saber Force. How coincidental.”

“Dajiang accumulated ten years of experience on the battlefield before breaking through that very day,” said Fairy Meng. “Dajiang simply cultivated three moves, while the Mirror Lake Dao Academy dean created a top-notch saber art. Your dean focused on breadth, and Dajiang focused on depth. Neither one is better. In fact, when it comes to holding back enemies, your father is better.”

Meng Chuan nodded as well. “I’ve read Godfiend biographies. Regarding Godfiend Deng Feng, he trained his saber alone in the deep mountains. He drew his saber ten thousand times every day, for twenty years. The moment he left the mountain, he killed a Seamless realm cultivator in one strike while being at the Marrow Cleansing realm.”

“That’s right. To be able to achieve that feat, that one strike would have exceeded the realm of Saber Force. He is a perfect example of depth, just that his talent is much higher than your father’s. That saber strike was so stunning he was directly recruited by Archean Mountain. There’s no need for him to go through a test,” said Fairy Meng. “However, having no guidance meant a fatal flaw in his saber arts—he only knew a single move! If others understood him completely and targeted his weaknesses, he would have been in trouble. Of course, he was recruited by Archean Mountain the moment he showed the tip of the iceberg, so he quickly fixed that weakness. He became even more powerful, becoming truly invincible in that era.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

“I spent a long time at Calm Sea Pass and received guidance from King Calm Sea,” said Fairy Meng. “It’s hard to estimate how strong King Calm Sea is; he has an extremely high status in Archean Mountain. In terms of strength, he is definitely not inferior to the Godfiend Deng Feng that you mentioned.”

Meng Chuan obviously knew that King Calm Sea was very powerful.

In Eastcalm Prefecture, ordinary mortals would go to Qinyang Pass for military service! As for the Godfiends of Eastcalm Prefecture, most of them went to Calm Sea Pass. The commander at Calm Sea Pass was King Calm Sea. Even the imperial family of the Great Zhou Dynasty respected him greatly, directly conferring him the title of king.

“King Calm Sea once told me”—Fairy Meng looked at Meng Chuan and continued—”that cultivation requires one to follow one’s intuition and follow what one likes the most before forging forward. You will go further and further. When you look back after a few decades, you would’ve far surpassed your former self. I’ll share this saying with you as well. Follow your heart and proceed down what you like the most.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded.

...

Meng Chuan returned to the Mirror Lake Meng Manor training grounds. He ate some fruit alone as he sat there, contemplating.

King Calm Sea’s words of advice to my grandaunt and the fourth commandment out of the nine commandments I figured out—”Novice and Grandmaster”—share some similarities, Meng Chuan mused to himself. Since I’ve to follow my intuition and do what my heart desires, I’ll be able to put more heart into cultivation and enjoy it. This will deepen my love for it. I’ll even have a chance of becoming a grandmaster.

After listening to the dean, Dad, and Grandaunt, I know how I should be cultivating next by following the nine cultivation commandments. Meng Chuan already had an idea. However, he still had to listen to his seniors who had achieved Force for validation.

Sixth of the nine cultivation commandments: Turn what you learn into a system. This way, there will not be any fatal flaws. What decides the life and death of an expert typically depends on his most fatal weakness! As long as he has a clear weakness, it would be targeted in the future. If he is restrained, he will lose his life! One failure will be equivalent to losing your life despite the hundred victories gained from using one skill to eat your fill.

Godfiend Deng Feng was only good with one move! Grandaunt also said that Godfiend Deng Feng had a fatal flaw. Fortunately, he was immediately recruited into Archean Mountain which made up for his shortcomings.

As a saber user, there are only three aspects—killing enemies, defense, and escaping. These three moves form a system. Next, I’ll focus on these three paths.

Fifth commandment: Progress in the day, change over the months, success would ultimately come.

The ancients once said, “Piling up small quantities of earth daily, you can create a mountain with time. The mountain makes wind possible, which in turn brings in the rain. Channeling small streams and connecting them, you can create a lake—which in turn will bring about aquatic life. Continuously doing good deeds for people and being kind to them—no matter how small each deed may be—you’ll have cultivated the heart of a saint. Take a few steps every day and you’ll finish a journey of a thousand miles. The ocean is but an amalgamation of rivers. The mythical unicorn can’t reach heaven in one leap. An old horse that does not cease running will bring you home. If you give up, you won’t even break a piece of rotten wood. Persevering will allow one to carve gold into shape. Earthworms have no bones and claws but they can go up and down the earth. Hermit crabs—with their six legs and two pincers—can’t even make their own homes without taking over holes already made by snakes and eels.”

But there is a fatal flaw.

Even if progress is made daily, if one walks a huge circle, they will still end up in the same spot! Walking the wrong direction will not bring me to the destination a thousand miles away.

It’s the same for cultivation as well... If there’s no clear direction, and all one does is cultivate, it’s very likely to be led astray. It’s also possible that I’ll just be going in circles. Even if it takes ten or twenty years, nothing will come out of it. This is also one of the reasons why Godfiend Deng Feng’s cultivation in most saber arts failed.

Many juniors diligently cultivated saber arts like Godfiend Deng Feng! However, many of them met with failure—most giving up midway! That was because they had the guidance of their Dao Academies and the guidance of their elders. Who could ignore the interference from the outside world and waste eight hours every day to practice a single move?

Even if one really ignored all disturbances and cultivated only one move, it would be normal to end up going astray.

Of course, there were also successful cases. That led to the saying, “one skill to eat your fill.”

I need a clear direction to ensure I’m progressing. By heading forward without any turns or detours, I’ll go further every day. In the end, I’ll be able to truly reach my destination a thousand miles away.

Why do I like the swift saber? It’s because it’s fast! So the direction I can confirm is speed!

...

Training grounds.

“Young Master, shall I begin?” A guard stood on a tree branch with a crossbow aimed at the ground.

“Begin.” Meng Chuan stood still.

Swoosh.

The guard pulled the trigger and an arrow immediately shot downwards.

Meng Chuan instantly drew his saber and slashed out.

Pfft!

The flying arrow was sliced into two and a saber beam cut across the thick tree, leaving a mark on it.

As long as the mark left on the tree by the saber beam continues moving upwards, it will mean that my saber is getting faster. I will be able to slice the flying arrow in half earlier!

Killing enemies, defense, and escaping.

He only practiced a single move for killing. Following his intuition and what he liked the most, he chose the Saber Drawing Stance! He enjoyed the silence when he drew his sword and the hum when it sliced through the wind! Such a saber move was so beautiful that he was enamored by it every single time. He found the sound of wind being sliced through more pleasant the faster he drew his saber.

He only practiced one move in pursuit of speed!

Speed. He liked it since he was young.

The faster the better.

Swish. The guard on the tree shot another arrow again. The advantage of crossbows was that their shots were stable. Each arrow’s speed could be guaranteed to be uniform! Only by doing so would Meng Chuan be able to confirm that the speed of his saber was increasing. Not only was he pursuing speed, but also accuracy. In that split second, he needed to split the flying arrows with one strike.

Every day, Meng Chuan cultivated the first stance—Saber Drawing Stance! He would draw his saber and strike the flying arrows for six hours, nearly eight thousand times.

The Saber Drawing Stance originated from the Falling Leaf Saber’s Saber Drawing Stance. It was part of the syllabus decided by Archean Mountain for all of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Dao Academies because its moves were perfect.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: Father and Son
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

There were a total of three guards in charge of firing the crossbow in rotation.

At the same time, five guards were responsible for the loading of flying arrows into empty crossbows. These crossbows were rather intricate, allowing for ten arrows to be loaded at a time.

Fortunately, the flying arrows were easy to make. Every flying arrow was the length of a palm, and the wooden shaft came equipped with arrowheads. Every day, Meng Chuan needed to snap eight thousand flying arrows, so the craftsmen needed to create enough wooden shafts and install arrowheads on them quickly.

“Hurry up.”

Every day, the servants would send a bunch of arrows to a workshop.

The workshop arranged for ten apprentices to be in charge of making the wooden shafts and installing the arrowheads. According to Meng Chuan’s orders, these wooden shafts needed a red dot imprinted on them! When the time came, he would draw his saber and slice the red dot on the wooden shaft. It wasn’t difficult making wooden shafts other than it being time-consuming. Over time, those crossbows would have to be maintained and even changed.

Whoosh.

Standing there, Meng Chuan instantly drew his saber. With a saber flash, he split a phantom-like flying arrow. It hit the wooden shaft’s red dot! The remnants of the saber flash landed on the tree trunk that was wrapped in metal, leaving a mark.

I need to be faster. He sought speed with every slash.

His physical body, Quintessential Energy, and saber art fused. Under his mind’s intense desire, he constantly excavated his potential as he constantly pursued higher speed.

A person’s body had immense potential. The more potential one excavated, the greater the power one could unleash. Cultivating through repeated practice was more effective than just visualization. During the process of striking out repetitively, his body, Quintessential Energy, and saber art began to meld into one, becoming more tightly bound together.

Although the improvement was very subtle, Meng Chuan could tell that he had improved from the marks left on the tree’s metal skin.

The traces left by the saber beam would slowly move up every day. Even the slightest improvement delighted him. He knew he was improving! His saber arts were getting faster!

I have to be more accurate and faster. Meng Chuan’s form of cultivation was extravagant, but the few Seamless realm cultivators who were supposed to be his sparring partners were no longer needed. The amount of money spent every month ended up reducing a little. The cost of hiring a few Seamless realm cultivators was too high.

The present Meng Chuan had already figured out the secret technique. The few Seamless realm experts who had figured out the secret technique were of little help to him.

...

The second focus of his daily cultivation were movement techniques and defensive saber arts!

“Fire!” A servant ordered.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Ten Marrow Cleansing guards and two Mortal Shedding guards simultaneously fired their arrows! The arrow shafts were made from Scarletblood Blackiron, but there were no arrowheads. The arrowheads were covered with cloth.

When the twelve arrows shot out from a hundred feet away, the force delivered by a Marrow Cleansing guard reached 500 kilograms of force. Needless to say, the Mortal Shedding guards delivered even greater strength. It was obvious how fast the arrows were. As a dense cluster of arrows shot over, Meng Chuan was to use a movement technique to dodge as best as he could while using his saber arts to block them.

“Fire.” The first unit of guards all retreated. The second unit of guards also included ten at the Marrow Cleansing realm and two at the Mortal Shedding realm. They released their arrows as well.

“Fire.” Soon, a third unit—consisting of the same makeup as the first two—fired simultaneously.

The three units took turns! After the third unit finished, the first unit would be ready.

One unit after another, each volley was released in unison! And each time, two arrows came from Mortal Shedding realm guards. The two arrows were faster and more powerful! They posed a huge threat due to the short distance. Under the hail of arrows, Meng Chuan would occasionally be hit.

He, too, would fatigue and tire.

But he had to persevere. The more exhausted he was, the more determination he needed.

By tempering one’s body and mind as one, the fusion of body and mind would be deeper—this allowed his movement techniques to be even faster! It would be even more agile! This also sped up his saber defenses!

This form of training required a total of thirty Marrow Cleansing realm guards and six Mortal Shedding realm guards to aid him. This lasted an hour each day.

Shooting arrows continuously for an hour exhausted the guards despite having rotations. Meng Chuan also reached his limit.

...

When it was late at night, Meng Chuan—who would have fully recovered his Quintessential Energy—would undergo his final training for the day—Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance!

Meng Chuan stood there alone without moving.

Suddenly—

His body transformed into a phantom, and he instantly traveled a hundred feet and sent out a saber beam. This time, his movement technique was even fast, and his slashes were even faster! He was much faster than he was during the day.

Why were his movement technique and saber art faster?

This was because the Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance released with the maximum amount of Quintessential Energy! He would feel swelling and pain from reaching the limits of his meridians. If he circulated additional Quintessential Energy into his meridians, he was sure they would suffer damage. By pushing himself to the limits, his movement and saber arts were naturally faster.

However, his Quintessential Energy would be expended at an alarming rate whenever he used the Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance. But despite the flaw, it was very powerful!

Once, twice... Meng Chuan pushed himself to his limit over and over again.

His figure turned into phantom images as he left behind ethereal saber flashes.

Thirty-one times! Meng Chuan stopped. The meridians his Quintessential Energy passed through were aching, but there was no stinging pain.

I can only execute the Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance 31 times after pushing my Quintessential Energy to the limit. According to the Dao Academy’s teachings, the body is very magical. Muscles and bones will become stronger under training. If my meridians are trained to their limits, they will slowly become broader and tougher. The circulation of Quintessential Energy will also stimulate my meridians to adapt.

I want my meridians to withstand even stronger bursts. In that case, when a true life-and-death battle does break out, my movement technique and saber arts will be faster at full force.

To force the body to adapt to more Quintessential Energy was another method to fusing one’s body, mind, and technique. He could become stronger by combining both methods.

...

These three types of cultivation—together with standard medicinal baths and medicinal pills to speed up his Marrow Cleansing—were Meng Chuan’s daily cultivation routine.

He persevered.

Days passed.

His father had left Eastcalm Prefecture. His father’s restaurant could be said to be number one in the Eastcalm Prefecture because it had a single condiment: lotus fish powder! It was a very special type of powder ground from dried fish. Used as a seasoning, it made ordinary dishes absolutely delicious. The restaurant became the best in all of Eastcalm Prefecture by relying on the lotus fish power.

However, just what sort of fish was this “lotus fish?” The other Godfiend clans in Eastcalm Prefecture wanted to know as well.

However, it was clear that the Meng family kept it a secret. This was a mysterious little fish that Meng Dajiang had discovered. He went out of town twice a year, with each trip taking one to two months so he could bring back the mysterious lotus fish powder.

It wasn’t that terrible either. Meng Dajiang spent three to four months away from home, but Qiyue’s father—Liu Yebai—would spend most of his time outside.

...

Night.

Two figures passed through the wilderness like ghosts.

“We have arrived at the Yufang Prefecture that’s inside the Wu State. Let’s rest in Yufang Prefecture. You must give your injuries adequate rest. You can’t travel any further.” Two figures came to a halt. One of them was a somewhat dissolute and elegant Liu Yebai, while the other was Meng Dajiang—who had lost weight.

Meng Dajiang was dressed in black. After he lost weight, his figure was similar to when he was young. He also became much more handsome.

His face was pale, and he couldn’t help coughing softly. “Cough, cough.” Meng Dajiang covered his mouth as he coughed. However, there was blood in his hand.

Liu Yebai couldn’t help but say, “You really are going all out.”

“Chuan’er is about to enter the Mortal Shedding realm. I have to accumulate enough credit,” said Meng Dajiang.

Liu Yebai shook his head and said, “You’ve been risking your life for so many years. All your efforts have been exchanged for an Iceheart Fruit. Was it worth it for your son’s Godfiend foundation?”

Meng Dajiang smiled exhaustedly and said, “My greatest pride in this life is my son. As long as it’s for Chuan’er, it’s worth it no matter how much I pay for it!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: Perfected Marrow Cleansing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“I really have no idea what to say about you.” Liu Yebai shook his head and smiled. He was rendered speechless by his good friend.

However, wasn’t it because they appreciated each other that allowed them to be such good friends?

“Let’s enter the city,” said Meng Dajiang.

The two of them silently arrived at the Yufang Prefecture. It was late at night, and the city gates had already been shut. Guards patrolling the city walls. However, Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai phased into two blurs, and gently leaped over a hundred feet high—over a hundred feet higher than the city walls! Furthermore, a faint black fog surrounded them, making detecting them in the dark harder.

Just like that, the duo silently glided a hundred feet over the city wall.

“My lord.”

“My lord.” On the city walls, Wang Qianfan led several subordinates to inspect the city walls. The guards were very respectful.

Wang Qianfan suddenly frowned and raised his head. “Oh?”

“My lord, what’s wrong?” a deputy asked curiously.

“Make sure everyone is careful. Don’t let the demons sneak in,” said Wang Qianfan with a frown. He felt something was amiss, but he couldn’t explain why. He was a Seamless expert who had comprehended “Force,” and was part of Yufu Prefecture’s garrison. Nobody below the Godfiend realm could escape his senses. If it really was a Godfiend or a Demon Monarch...

It was meaningless for mortals like them to stop those existences.

“Yes,” answered the deputy immediately.

Swoosh.

Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai snuck into Yufang Prefecture City.

“The leader of the city gates’ garrison was actually an expert who achieved “Force.” If we had been careless, we would’ve been discovered by him,” Liu Yebai said with a smile. “If we did get discovered, we can’t stay here for long.”

“I’ve implicated you,” said Meng Dajiang.

“Why say such things between us?” Liu Yebai asked.

...

The servants of a mansion in Yufang Prefecture City were all aware that two good friends of their master had visited, and their master was hosting them warmly.

“Alright, you are dismissed,” Liu Yebai ordered.

“Yes.” The wealthy businessman was very obedient.

Only Liu Yebai and Meng Dajiang were left in the hall. Meng Dajiang was staring at a roasted goat as he ate. Beside him was a large amount of beef.

Kacha! Kacha! Meng Dajiang opened his mouth wide and—no matter how hard the bones were—easily crushed them to pieces. He ate the meat and occasionally picked up a gourd to drink the alcohol within.

“Dajiang, seeing you eat like this has me craving.” Liu Yebai sat there and poured himself a glass. He drank slowly and smiled. “Speaking of which, your appetite is definitely the best in Eastcalm Prefecture. You can completely finish a whole lamb and over fifty kilograms of beef and pork.”

“Are you envious of me?” Meng Dajiang obviously gained some weight. He picked up the jar and filled his gourd. When it was full, he took out a porcelain bottle and placed three pills into the gourd.

“No matter what, I have never heard of your cultivation formulation before—becoming stronger by eating,” Liu Yebai said with a sigh.

Meng Dajiang drank while eating.

After finishing the meat, he gained about five kilograms.

“This makes my recovery speed fast. I’ve recovered from most of my injuries today,” said Meng Dajiang. “I’ll be completely healed by tomorrow. However, I burned too much weight in the previous battle. To recover to my peak state, I still have to eat for five to six days.”

“Eat slowly; there’s no rush.” Liu Yebai smiled. “The earliest Meng Chuan enters the Mortal Shedding realm is May. There’s still ample time.”

“Okay.” Meng Dajiang nodded.

...

While staying in the manor for six days, Liu Yebai secretly managed matters. Meng Dajiang ate, drank, and cultivated daily. After six days, his weight had increased by about forty kilograms. He turned back into a fatty from his previous handsome appearance.

When his strength returned to its peak, Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai quietly left the Yufang Prefecture City.

“What happened?” The wealthy merchant and the six servants in the luxurious manor snapped awake. They felt as if they had been dreaming for the past six days. As to what they dreamed of, they couldn’t remember anything at all.

...

On 2nd May, Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai returned to Eastcalm Prefecture.

“We’re back.” The two felt extremely happy looking at the Mirror Lake Meng Manor in front of them.

Meng Dajiang touched the jade box that he kept near his chest. Inside it was an Iceheart Fruit. He had exchanged for it using his years of life-and-death adventures’ credit.

“Master, Master Liu.” The guards at the door revealed looks of delight.

A servant immediately rushed over to report. “Young Master, Miss. The two masters are back.”

Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai entered the residence together. It was currently noon. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were having lunch. They were pleasantly surprised to see their fathers returning.

“Dad, you’re finally back. It’s been almost half a year since you left.” Liu Qiyue ran over and hugged her father, Liu Yebai, with tears in her eyes.

“I’m back.” Liu Yebai smiled as he stroked his daughter’s hair. “Qiyue, you’ve grown taller again. It won’t be long before you catch up to me.”

“Dad.” Meng Chuan walked towards his father.

“I’ve been out of town for some work. I’ve brought back the lotus fish powder as well.” Meng Dajiang’s chubby face was full of smiles as he patted the bag on his back and chuckled. “Catching the fish, drying it, and then grinding it isn’t difficult. It’s just time-consuming.”

“Dad, Uncle Liu, I reckon you haven’t eaten yet. Come join us.” Meng Chuan was in a good mood after his father’s return.

“Yes, let’s eat,” said Meng Dajiang jovially.

“When it comes to eating, your dad will be happy,” quipped Liu Yebai with a smile.

“You are just a small-eater. Look at how skinny you are.” Meng Dajiang raised his eyebrows and strode into the hall.

...

On the night of 11th May, Meng Chuan finished fusing his body, mind, and technique, reaching the Perfected Marrow Cleansing realm.

On 12th May, Meng Dajiang brought Meng Chuan to the ancestral mansion.

Fairy Meng was leisurely eating some snacks as she read a book in her hand.

“Grandaunt.” Meng Chuan greeted Fairy Meng.

“You have perfected your Marrow Cleansing?” Fairy Meng nodded in satisfaction. She took out a porcelain bottle and handed it to Meng Chuan. “Inside is a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid! Once you begin cultivating a Godfiend Body, you can consume it. You have to consume it within three months of cultivating the Godfiend Body. Past that, you’ll miss the crucial period for forging a Godfiend foundation.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan accepted it solemnly. This was something the Meng family had spent nearly all its wealth to exchange for.

“Which Godfiend body are you planning to cultivate?” asked Fairy Meng. “The choice of a Godfiend Body is of utmost importance! Once you select one, there’s no way to change. Even when you become a Godfiend in the future, you’ll have to follow the original path.”

“For example, if you choose the Flaming Divine Body, you will only be able to choose Godfiend bodies similar to the Flaming Divine Body when you become a Godfiend in the future. There’s no way to change your path,” said Fairy Meng.

Meng Chuan obviously knew.

The Godfiend body cultivated at the Mortal Shedding realm was the foundation, giving one a portion of Godfiend power.

Only by becoming a Godfiend in the future would one possess a complete Godfiend Body!

“There are a lot of Godfiend bodies,” said Fairy Meng. “There are ones with extremely strong defensive powers. They can even be called Indestructible Bodies. There are also Godfiend bodies with extremely strong vitality. One can even regrow a severed arm! There are also those with immense strength! There are also extremely fast ones! There are ones that are good at sensing and reconnaissance. Some are good at influencing an area. Every Godfiend body has its traits.”

“And once you’ve chosen one, you will have to follow this path for life.”

“Our Meng family has all sixteen foundational Godfiend Body formulas.” Fairy Meng asked, “You must have read them before, right?”

“I’ve read through all of them.” Meng Chuan nodded. The foundation Godfiend Body formulas could only be cultivated before becoming a Godfiend. It wasn’t hard for every Godfiend family clan to collect all of them.

“Which Godfiend body do you plan on cultivating?” asked Fairy Meng.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: Meng Dajiang’s Hidden Treasure
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“I’m thinking of choosing the Lightning Divine Body,” Meng Chuan said. “Before I become a Godfiend, I believe there’s nothing wrong with my choice. However, I don’t have the confidence to say whether choosing the Lightning Divine Body would be the best idea for when I become a Godfiend. I’d like your guidance, Grandaunt.”

He was far-sighted. He couldn’t just think about immediate benefits—he still needed to think of the future.

“Oh?” Fairy Meng smiled. “Tell me, why did you choose the Lightning Divine Body?” Meng Dajiang was listening as well.

“I’m best at speed,” Meng Chuan said. “Right now, my movement technique and saber arts are the best when it comes to speed! As for the Lightning Divine Body, it’s the fastest amongst the 16 Godfiend body foundations! I think cultivation should make up for weaknesses and amplify what’s already good! Thus, I chose the Lightning Divine Body. It’s to make my movement technique and saber arts even faster.”

“The fusion of strengths?” Fairy Meng’s eyes lit up as she nodded in approval. “Although you aren’t very old, you are absolutely correct. Mediocrity is taboo when it comes to cultivation. Being mediocre means you can’t kill the enemy. You will only be killed by the enemy.”

“Is the Lightning Divine Body suitable after becoming a Godfiend?” pressed Meng Chuan.

Fairy Meng sighed. “After becoming a Godfiend, the Lightning Divine Body will become even more terrifying. Its advantage is even more astonishing than when you were a mortal. The body transforms into lightning, and the speed of lightning is excellent. The killer moves are also terrifying! Even if one can’t kill the enemy, one can easily escape. However, the Life-and-Death juncture to transition from mortal to Godfiend has greater difficulty compared to ordinary Godfiend bodies.”

“The Life-and-Death juncture is even harder?” Meng Chuan was puzzled.

“Lightning bolts will strike you when breaking through the Life-and-Death juncture. You will die if you can’t withstand them,” said Fairy Meng. “Therefore, you need a robust foundation to withstand them. The threshold for becoming a Godfiend will also be higher. Of course, Archean Mountain will tell you what realm you need to reach to have complete confidence in becoming a Godfiend.”

“I heard that in Archean Mountain, one has to have full confidence breaking through before they take the plunge. Of course, those who can enter Archean Mountain are extremely talented,” said Fairy Meng with a smile. “As for us who are lacking in talent, we typically take the gamble with a 60–70% chance. After all, if we drag on, we might only have a 40–50% chance as we age. It’s even possible for our success rate to drop to 20–30%. The success rate will just keep dropping.”

Physical body, Quintessential Energy, realm, mental fortitude, and mental state...

Becoming a Godfiend involved many aspects.

“Since I’ll still be very powerful after becoming a Godfiend, then I’ll choose the Lightning Divine Body,” said Meng Chuan.

“Alright.” Fairy Meng nodded and said with a smile, “Even if you become a Godfiend in the future, you will have a few types of Lightning Godfiend bodies to choose from. These Godfiend bodies also have their pros and cons. If you’ve sufficiently accumulated power, you can choose the stronger ones. If you haven’t accumulated enough strength, you can choose the weaker ones. That way, it will be easier to pass the Life-and-Death juncture.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded but did not say anything more. With his personality, he would naturally follow the strongest route.

Aim for the skies.

No matter what, he had to aim high. If he didn’t have the goal to become a powerful expert, how was he to become one?

...

Back at the Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan walked side by side.

“Chuan’er, when do you plan on breaking through?” Meng Dajiang asked.

“Tonight,” said Meng Chuan. “There’s no need to delay.”

“Come with me then.” Meng Dajiang led the way.

Although Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled, he still followed his father to the residential building.

Boom! When they entered the building, Meng Dajiang pulled a mechanism under the bed. A tunnel immediately appeared.

“A tunnel?” Meng Chuan was surprised. He didn’t know that his father was hiding a secret chamber here all these years.

Constructing tunnels was actually very normal. For instance, the countryside forts had tunnels and chambers built on a large scale! Even if demons were to storm a fort, the clansmen would hide in the hundreds of tunnels deep beneath. They would pull down thick gates and secure themselves inside. The demons had to find a secret tunnel and pass through all kinds of traps to find the humans inside.

However, in the city, there were relatively fewer tunnels built.

Boom! Boom!

Within this tunnel, two other stone doors opened via a mechanism.

Then, he arrived at a secret chamber.

“Chuan’er, take a seat first,” said Meng Dajiang.

Meng Chuan sat down on a mat, puzzled. Meng Dajiang rummaged a densely-packed bookshelf for a particular book before flipping it open. Hidden inside the book was a wooden box.

Meng Dajiang held the wooden box and sat down cross-legged opposite Meng Chuan. He took out another jade box that he kept close to his chest.

“Give me the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid first,” said Meng Dajiang.

Meng Chuan took it out and passed it to his father, feeling a little confused.

Dong! Dong! Dong!

Meng Dajiang placed the long wooden box, jade box, and the porcelain bottle on the ground.

“There are a total of three natural treasures here.” Meng Dajiang first picked up the jade box and opened it. Inside was an ice-white fruit that emitted cold air. “This is an Iceheart Fruit. You can immediately consume it on the first day you cultivate a Godfiend Body.”

After closing the jade box, Meng Dajiang pointed at the porcelain bottle. “You can consume the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid the family gave you on the third day of cultivating a Godfiend Body.”

“This final one...” Meng Dajiang looked at the long wooden box and gently opened it.

Inside the wooden box was a green plant that suffused with colorful light. The leaves and roots were all complete. “This is the legendary Astral Spirit Herb. Its value is several times greater than that drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. From the first day of cultivating the Godfiend Body, eat a little of it every day. The leaves and roots shouldn’t be wasted as well. Finish it all within a month!”

“From today onwards, you will come to this chamber every night to cultivate,” said Meng Dajiang.

Meng Chuan was stunned. “Dad, these three treasures?” Meng Chuan couldn’t believe it.

His grandaunt had been heavily injured, which was why she had spent so much of the family’s savings on a single drop of the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid to groom Meng Chuan. That was already an act of madness.

And now, his father took out two other precious treasures? One of them was the Astral Spirit Herb which was worth even more?

“In terms of value, the Astral Spirit Herb is the most precious. Next is the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. Then, the Iceheart Fruit,” said Meng Dajiang. “However, every item here wasn’t easily obtained. You must treasure them.”

“Dad, how did all of these come about? This Astral Spirit Herb is even more valuable than something the family spent almost all of its savings on?” Meng Chuan asked in disbelief.

“Don’t ask.” Meng Dajiang frowned.

“When it’s time for you to know, you will learn of it.” Meng Dajiang sighed. “Sometimes, it’s not good to learn about some things too early. What you need to do is to become stronger.”

Meng Chuan also found his father a little mysterious.

Iceheart Fruit, Astral Spirit Herb... Where did they come from?

What kind of secret did his father—who usually laughed and ran a restaurant—have? However, since his father felt that he wasn’t strong enough, he should cultivate properly.

“You have to treasure them,” said Meng Dajiang.

“I will, Dad,” replied Meng Chuan.

...

That night.

Meng Dajiang sat in the room and stared at the hanging painting his wife had drawn.

“Chuan’er has grown up.”

Meng Dajiang looked at the woman in the painting, the woman whom he loved the most in his life. “Nianyun, I have already given him the Astral Spirit Herb. Don’t worry, our child is very outstanding and even has a chance of becoming a Godfiend. I raised him very well. He’s very outstanding, very filial and obedient...”

...

In the underground chamber.

Sitting cross-legged on the prayer mat, Meng Chuan began his breakthrough.

He directed the Quintessential Energy in his dantian to enter one acupuncture point after another—all 182 of them—according to the necessary pathways. When he was at the final acupuncture point, the 182 points formed a beautiful three-dimensional chart with each acupuncture point a node. This chart was also the core of the Lightning Divine Body.

Boom!

As soon as the three-dimensional Quintessential Energy chart took form, lightning began to emanate from it. Bolts of lightning began to flow through the three-dimensional chart, fusing into every single part of his body.

“Ah!” Meng Chuan could sense his body transforming as each bolt of lightning flowed through the three-dimensional Quintessential Energy chart and fused into his body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Lightning surged through his body, traveling through the Quintessential Energy chart and fusing into every acupuncture point in his body. His body began transforming into a Lightning Divine Body.

Meng Chuan opened his eyes, picked up the jade box beside him and opened it, then took two bites from the Iceheart Fruit inside. The ice-cold energy flowed down his throat into his stomach, which then slowly spread to his whole body. His transformation became more obvious after his muscles and bones absorbed the cold energy from the fruit as he fused with the lightning.

Next, the Astral Spirit Herb. He opened the wooden box and plucked a leaf and some roots from the intact Astral Spirit Herb. It was about one of thirty portions that he could finish in about a month.

His mouth was filled with a refreshing fragrance as he chewed the leaf and roots gently. Then, his mind jolted. A magical sensation surged into his head before slowly transmitting to his whole body, allowing his body to continue strengthening as he transformed.

Although he didn’t know the origins of the Iceheart Fruit and Astral Spirit Herb, the fact that his father—a good-tempered man who always laughed and never complained—had said they weren’t “easily obtained” and that he had to “treasure them,” meant that they were extremely difficult to obtain. The prices behind them were probably huge as well. All he could do was not disappoint the hopes they placed on him.

...

For the next month, Meng Chuan trained according to plan and had consumed the drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. He also finished consuming the Astral Spirit Herb. He also spent hours executing the Saber Drawing Stance 8000 times a day, as well as practicing his movement technique and saber arts. He never stopped cultivating.

According to the manual, one was still transforming in the early stages of the Godfiend Body as one cultivated. If one were to train a particular aspect diligently, one’s body would also be inclined towards transforming in that aspect. It was like a growing sapling. If one exerted pressure on it in a certain direction, it might also begin growing in that direction.

The transformation of his Godfiend Body was clearly slowing down. One day near the end of June, Meng Chuan ate a watermelon as he sat on the training ground.

The first month of my cultivation was meant to be an explosive growth. I also consumed three rare treasures. My improvement was astonishingly fast, so fast that it was somewhat inconceivable. The drop in my growth speed is expected. Meng Chuan sighed. My Godfiend foundation is indeed very robust and deep. My body and Quintessential Energy at the Mortal Shedding realm’s early-stage already match those at the perfected Mortal Shedding realm.

One had to know that the early-stage Mortal Shedding realm provided the greatest improvement in the five Mortal realms. After all, it was the first time cultivating a Godfiend Body, allowing them to possess the power of a Godfiend gradually.

To be able to match a perfected Mortal Shedding realm while in the early stage meant that his foundation was terrifyingly robust.

Meng Chuan’s body and Quintessential Energy would probably rival those at the Seamless realm when he was at the late-stage of the Mortal Shedding realm—even though the breakthrough from the Mortal Shedding realm to the Seamless realm was significant.

This situation was something rarely heard of in the entire Eastcalm Prefecture. Typically, only geniuses from the imperial capital and Archean Mountain who had been groomed by ancient Godfiend families would have such a Godfiend foundation.

“Chuan’er, Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang’s voice came from afar.

“Dad.” Meng Chuan put down the watermelon and wiped his mouth with a towel before running over.

Soon, he saw his father—Meng Dajiang—and a bald, thin elder with a walking stick walking over.

“Third Elder.” Meng Chuan jolted to attention. He was most afraid of the Third Elder amongst the elders of the Meng family. The Third Elder was a cold, old-fashioned man who treated the younger generation the fiercest. Without a second word, he would swing his walking stick and viciously beat up the younger generation. It wasn’t surprising every junior was afraid of him.

“Chuan’er, why aren’t you paying your respects to the Third Elder?” Meng Dajiang said.

Meng Chuan immediately stepped forward and bowed. “Greetings, Third Elder.”

“Okay.”

The bald, thin elder looked at Meng Chuan and saw his sweat-soaked clothes. Only then did he nod in satisfaction. “You have to put your heart into cultivation. How can you become stronger without enough sweat?”

“Yes,” responded Meng Chuan obediently. He had to be obedient when he was facing the Third Elder. Under no circumstances should he argue with him. If he dared talk back, he would receive a blow from the walking stick!

“This is a torn page of a saber art that I fortuitously acquired when I was young. You can take a look.” The bald, skinny elder took out a piece of black paper that was carefully wrapped and handed it to Meng Dajiang with the wrapping included. However, just the terrifying aura emanating from that piece of black paper when unwrapped shocked both Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang.

“A Godfiend legacy?” Meng Chuan and his father were incomparably shocked.

Godfiend legacies required an extremely powerful Godfiend to pay a massive price to create them.

For instance, Fairy Meng, Patriarch Yun, and most Godfiends did not have the qualifications to create a Godfiend legacy.

“That’s too valuable,” said Meng Dajiang immediately. “Third Uncle, we can’t accept it.”

Third Elder frowned and said, “I gave it to him, so he has to accept it! I wouldn’t have given it to Meng Chuan if his perception was insufficient. Since he is our Meng family’s only hope now, he has to accept it. Besides, this isn’t a complete Godfiend legacy. It’s just one of its remnant pages.

“Alright, I’ll be returning.” Third Elder supported himself with his walking stick and turned to leave. At the same time, he coldly said, “Little brat, you must make something of yourself. Don’t disappoint everyone.”

“Yes, Third Elder.” Meng Chuan held the black torn page wrapped in cloth and was quite touched.

Typically, a hundred thousand taels of silver would be the starting bid at an auction for a remnant page of a Godfiend legacy. Not to mention the fact that it happened to be a saber art! This made it even more valuable.

This was something that could only be obtained by chance! To ancient Godfiends, silver was of little significance. No one would exchange a complete Godfiend legacy for mortal items.

“This remnant Godfiend legacy page should be the Third Elder’s most precious item. He’s giving it to you right now,” said Meng Dajiang.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded and pulled away the cloth, looking at the saber art page.

The black piece of paper recorded the key secrets of the move and the things to take note of when executing it.

But as he read it, Meng Chuan gradually immersed himself in it.

Huh?

Meng Chuan felt as though he had entered a trance. After entering this special mental state, he saw a tall, thin man showcasing this saber art—Swaying Moonfall!

The saber was extremely gentle as it streaked across the sky, leaving behind a beautiful arc. It was as though the moon in the sky had been chopped off, setting its descent into motion.

It was beautiful and gentle.

Eh? Meng Chuan jolted awake and escaped the illusion.

“Chuan’er, how is it?” Meng Dajiang immediately asked.

Meng Chuan stared seriously at the black paper and softly said, “It looks like a gentle and beautiful saber art, but in reality, it’s extremely ruthless and vicious.” The terrifying aura emanating from the black piece of paper was enough to alarm Meng Chuan.

“Sinister and vicious? Are you going to cultivate it?” asked Meng Dajiang.

“Of course,” Meng Chuan said rather solemnly. “Saber techniques are divided into Yin and Yang. This technique falls under the extreme softness of Yin. This is an extremely beautiful move. It’s called Swaying Moonfall. It really does seem capable of slashing the moon down with a single move. I can sense that the conceptual legacy contained within this torn page can withstand transmitting the legacy ten or more times before it completely tears apart.”

“I will make good use of these ten chances and have this move become one of my killer moves,” said Meng Chuan.

Initially, he had planned on honing the Saber Drawing Stance into his only killing move. But Swaying Moonfall was simply too perfect. Furthermore, he had more than ten chances to experience the move.

“Don’t waste the legacy’s opportunities,” Meng Dajiang reminded him. “It’s gone once all chances are used up.”

“Before becoming a Godfiend, I’ll only permit myself to use it nine times,” said Meng Chuan.

From that day forth, Meng Chuan added an hour-long afternoon routine to his cultivation. In this hour, he cultivated only one move—Swaying Moonfall.

...

Eastcalm Prefecture. Within a hidden hall in Jadesun Palace.

In the center of the hall was a pool of cold water. The white-robed youth, Yan Jin, was currently seated in the lotus position within the pool. Only his chest was exposed above the water.

The terrifyingly low temperature caused the white-robed youth’s entire body to frost. His hair and brows were covered in frost, and his face was pale.

“Young Master, you’ve been cultivating for four hours today. It’s time for you to exit the Frost Cloud Pool,” shouted an old servant. Jadesun Palace Lord was watching calmly.

“I’ve already reached the mid-stages of the Mortal Shedding realm. From today onwards, I’ll cultivate in the Frost Cloud Pool for six hours every day,” Yan Jin said coldly.

“Junior Brother, overreaching yourself isn’t wise. Four hours is enough for you to cultivate your Godfiend Body,” said Jadesun Palace Lord.

“It’s still early.”

Yan Jin said coldly, “All of you can leave.”

Jadesun Palace Lord shook his head gently.

“Let’s go.” Jadesun Palace Lord led the old servant out, leaving the frosted white-robed youth to continue his arduous cultivation.

...

Many youths were training hard within Eastcalm Prefecture, with Meng Chuan and Yan Jin working especially hard.

Days passed.

During the final month of the year, Mei Yuanzhi first went to Wu Prefecture City, then arrived at the distant Archean Mountain region to participate in the entrance examination. In the end... Mei Yuan failed to join Archean Mountain. After failing, he went to Qinyang Pass to serve in the military.

When news of this spread to Eastcalm Prefecture, it caused Yun Fu’an and the others to gloat secretly. Others sighed.

Meng Chuan also felt the pressure. The threshold to enter Archean Mountain was extremely high. He had to work harder and become stronger than Mei Yuanzhi to have hope.

(End of the First Volume—Secret Technique, Third Autumn Leaf)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: The Lady Named Red Rain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Winter left. Spring came. In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan had been in the Mortal Shedding realm for a year.

During one summer evening, the evening wind carried a cool breeze, but it was rather lively in Mirror lake Dao Academy’s courtyard.

“I’m Zhou Qian. Please give me some pointers, Senior Brother Meng.” A youth bowed respectfully.

“Go ahead.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Today, he was here to spar with Dean Ge Yu—who had long achieved Saber Force and also cultivated the swift saber. Meng Chuan would gain inspiration every time he sparred him. Hence, he would come seek guidance every half-month. Although Dean Ge Yu was greedy and petty, he was still very attentive towards his most talented disciple.

After sparring with the dean, he would take an hour to give his juniors pointers. To him, sparring with them was too easy. It could even be considered a form of relaxation.

“Be careful.” The youth, Zhou Qian, suddenly charged forward and launched a series of attacks. As Meng Chuan stood there, his body was strangely blurry. No matter how hard the youth tried to attack, he could not touch the corners of Meng Chuan’s clothes.

After unleashing all he could muster with the sword, he delivered his final killer move. He stabbed forward thirteen times—only to miss every time.

Zhou Qian was quite talented in the Mirror Lake Dao Academy. According to the lecturers, he was likely to be admitted to Mountain River Pavilion next year. However, the gap between him and Meng Chuan was still too great.

“Senior Brother Meng is impressive.”

“Now, not a single disciple in the Dao Academy can touch Senior Brother Meng’s clothes. They can’t even withstand one blow from him.”

“Senior Brother Meng is destined to be a Godfiend,” the disciples watching by the side said.

The prestige enjoyed by every generation’s Eldest Senior Brother fluctuated.

Meng Chuan was definitely the Eldest Senior Brother with the highest prestige in the Dao Academy over the past few decades! His strength was unimaginable, far exceeding the second top disciple in the Dao Academy. He was also willing to sacrifice his precious cultivation time to guide his juniors occasionally . His family clan’s influence was also the highest in the entire prefecture city, but he hadn’t bullied others.

Many factors caused the juniors to idolize their Eldest Senior Brother.

“Your last move is the killer move of the sword art known as the Thirteen Consecutive Peaks,” said Meng Chuan. “It’s also very clear in the manual that once this sword technique is unleashed, it should be like mountain peaks that are constantly undulating and as one. You have accomplished the ‘Undulating,’ but you have yet to achieve ‘As One.’ Your sword slashes were a scattered mess, which decreases its might significantly.”

“As One?” Zhou Qian murmured. He seemed to have an idea but was still short of something. He trusted Senior Brother Meng’s advice.

In terms of techniques and moves, even the lecturers had said that only Dean Ge Yu could top Senior Brother Meng in all of Mirror Lake Dao Academy. Senior Brother Meng’s guidance was more direct than the lecturers’. As a disciple who hadn’t been admitted into the Mountain River Pavilion, Zhou Qian had no right to have the dean teach him one-on-one.

“Your other sword moves aren’t bad. Only the flaws of your killer move are more obvious. Go and practice this move more. Once you master it, you will attain Greater Mastery of this sword art.” Meng Chuan’s gaze swept across his juniors, which were filled with anticipation. He smiled and said, “It’s getting late. Go have dinner, everyone.” With that said, he left.

The juniors also understood that Senior Brother Meng’s guidance session had ended. Many of his fellow disciples walked towards the Dao Academy entrance.

Huh? When Meng Chuan reached the entrance, he saw a figure dressed in red robes—Liu Qiyue. She had grown taller and was no shorter than Meng Chuan.

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan,” Liu Qiyue shouted immediately.

“Qiyue, you’re one year younger than me, but you’re almost my height.”

Liu Qiyue laughed and said, “My dad said that girls enter puberty earlier. Besides, I’ve also stepped into the Mortal Shedding realm. That accelerates my body’s growth.”

Liu Qiyue—who was 15 this year—had also broken through to the Mortal Shedding realm this month. However, her archery was still stuck at a bottleneck. Attaining the Unity realm was just too difficult.

“Let’s go. Let’s hurry to Cloud River Restaurant for dinner,” said Liu Qiyue immediately. “You lost to me.”

“Alright, alright, let’s go.” Meng Chuan nodded helplessly. He had lost a bet.

After Liu Qiyue broke through to the Mortal Shedding realm, Meng Chuan had claimed that Qiyue couldn’t touch him even if she fired a hundred arrows while he stood within a circle ten feet in diameter. Liu Qiyue refused to believe him. Meng Chuan was filled with confidence, having honed his movement technique with arrow volleys—especially when such a movement technique was coupled with his powerful Lightning Divine Body foundation. However, a Mortal Shedding realm sharpshooter was difficult to deal with when they unleashed their full power. Arrows containing a Godfiend’s power, together with archery techniques, were simply nightmares. It was far more terrifying than the guards who just fired arrows normally.

Using his movement technique, Meng Chuan dodged seventy-nine arrows in a row, but the eightieth arrow hit his clothes.

He lost!

Meng Chuan remained rather happy despite losing and decided to try again a few days later.

Cloud River Restaurant was the number one restaurant in Eastcalm Prefecture. It was a bit extravagant to bring her here, but this was a restaurant his father ran! He didn’t need to pay when eating there!

The youth, Zhou Qian, watched Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue leave. Senior Brother Meng entered the Mountain River Pavilion at the age of thirteen. I have to enter it by fifteen! He secretly made up his mind and walked in another direction, returning home.

...

Zhou Manor.

“Young Master.”

“Young Master.”

Zhou Qian returned home and the servants were all very respectful.

The Zhou family was originally a very ordinary family in Eastcalm Prefecture. Later on, Zhou Qian’s father, Zhou He, made a name for himself! He was quite skilled and managed to build a social network with comrades from the battlefield. After twenty years, he managed to establish a family business. He could be considered a rather famous tycoon in Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Young Master Zhou, Young Master Zhou.” Suddenly, a child appeared from a corner.

“Ironborn?” Zhou Qian looked over and smiled. “Why are you here?”

Ironborn was the younger brother of his maidservant, and he often came to the manor. The servants in the manor liked this obedient child.

“Young Master Zhou.” Ironborn immediately knelt. “Save my sister! Save my sister!”

“Your sister? What happened to Red Rain?” Zhou Qian immediately asked.

“Just a moment ago, Boss Wei brought men to my house. He said my father owed him 300 taels of silver. My father said that he had only borrowed 10 taels of silver. He was half drunk back then, and it was Boss Wei who deliberately tricked him. He made him print his palm on a promissory note stating 100 taels of silver,” Ironborn said immediately. “Now, the interest has caused his debt to rise to 300 taels of silver. How can our family afford it? Boss Wei forcefully abducted my sister to repay the debt. My father refused, so they beat him up.”

“Did your father sign an indenture contract regarding Red Rain?” Zhou Qian pressed.

“No! My father said that he wouldn’t harm my sister even at the cost of his life,” Ironborn said.

“Alright, if you don’t sign an indenture contract, they’re kidnapping a lady.” Zhou Qian suppressed his anger. They still had to learn the laws of the Imperial Court in the Mirror Lake Dao Academy. “Who is this Boss Wei?”

“My father said that he’s a lackey of the Black Wolf Gang. Anybody who comes under the banner of the Black Wolf Gang strikes fear in others,” said Ironborn immediately.

“I want to see how bold a mere hooligan is.” Zhou Qian could no longer hold himself back. “Lead the way! Bring me to this Boss Wei.”

“Stop right there!” a cold voice shouted.

Zhou Qian was stunned. He turned around and saw his father, Zhou He, standing there.

“Dad.” Zhou Qian softened the moment he saw his father.

“Send Ironborn out.” Zhou He ordered his servants, and the servants immediately led the child outside. Ironborn cried and shouted, “Young Master Zhou, you must save my sister. She will be finished if you don’t save her.”

But the servants easily grabbed the child and quickly brought him out.

“Dad! That ruffian is engaging in abduction. Are we not going to do something about it?” Zhou Qian said anxiously.

“Fool,” Zhou He said coldly. “Do you think a lackey will dare to commit abduction? He’s working for someone more powerful. He helps the Black Wolf Gang abduct women and trains them before finally sending them to the brothels. This is the Black Wolf Gang’s business. The Black Wolf Gang is one of the three biggest gangs in Eastcalm Prefecture. Behind it is the Godfiend family, the Bai family! The Black Wolf Gang is the one who helps the Bai family do its dirty work.”

“Your father is just a small businessman. How can I offend the Black Wolf Gang?” Zhou He looked at his son. “The Black Wolf Gang can crush our Zhou family like an ant. Do you understand?”

“I, I...” Zhou Qian felt terrible. “But Red Rain, Red Rain...” Red Rain had been serving him since he was eight. They had a deep relationship.

“Do you want to save Red Rain or protect the Zhou family?” Zhou He said, “Me, your mother, your brother, and over a hundred people survive thanks to the Zhou family! We can’t afford this fight.”

“Can’t we discuss with the Black Wolf Gang and buy her back?” Zhou Qian asked.

“Buy?”

Zhou He sneered. “Didn’t you hear? A debt of 300 taels of silver, and you want the Black Wolf Gang to break the rules? You need at least 1000 taels of silver to have any hope for negotiation. Is a maid worth a thousand taels?”

“It’s worth it,” Zhou Qian said.

“1000 taels? Do you know that I nearly died just to earn my first thousand taels of silver?” Zhou He shot a cold glance at his son before turning to leave. “You decide for yourself! Don’t disappoint me.”

After Zhou He left, he ordered the guard leader. “Go, keep an eye on the Young Master. Break his legs if he dares to leave!”

“Yes,” the leader of the guards replied obediently.

...

Moments later.

Ironborn was in despair outside the Zhou family’s residence. The world was huge, and he had no idea how he could save his sister.

“Sister.” Ironborn cried.

Swoosh.

A figure leaped across the wall and quickly ran over to Ironborn.

“Young Master Zhou.” Ironborn was delighted to see Zhou Qian.

“Go to Cloud River Restaurant and find Young Master Meng Chuan. He is Young Master Meng, and the Black Wolf Gang is nothing in front of him. He will definitely save Red Rain,” Zhou Qian said immediately.

“Cloud River Restaurant, Young Master Meng Chuan?” Ironborn’s eyes lit up.

“Go, be quick,” Zhou Qian urged.

Ironborn quickly ran off into the distance.

At this moment, the leader of the guards leaped over the wall and saw Zhou Qian. He gently shook his head. “Young Master, you’ve really disappointed Master.”

“Didn’t he let me make my own decision? Why? Are you here to catch me?” Zhou Qian said through gritted teeth.

“Master said that I’m to break your legs, but... you should go to him personally. Perhaps his heart will soften and spare you,” the guard captain said. “There’s no need for me to do it.”

“There’s no need. I won’t be able to escape in front of you.” Zhou Qian didn’t say anything and returned to the manor. However, his mind was on Cloud River Restaurant. “Senior Brother Meng, you must save Red Rain. You must save her.”

In Zhou Qian’s opinion, it was very difficult for him to save Red Rain. But for Senior Brother Meng, it was nothing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: Yan Jin Takes Action
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

On the second floor of Cloud River Restaurant.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue found a table by the window and sat down. The waiters of the restaurant had already served them warmly. They naturally knew their boss’s son.

“Ah Chuan, look over there,” Liu Qiyue whispered.

Meng Chuan turned to look.

On the second floor of the bustling restaurant sat an expressionless white-robed youth. Beside him was an old servant.

“It’s him?” Meng Chuan recognized him. It was the young man named Yan Jin from the Jadesun Palace. Yan Jin was a very mysterious man, and commoners in Eastcalm Prefecture had virtually never heard of him. However, all five Godfiend clans, the imperial government, and the other upper echelons of Eastcalm Prefecture paid close attention to this peerless genius whose talent was in no way inferior to Meng Chuan’s. Additionally, his status was far superior since Jadesun Palace Lord backed him.

Yan Jin noticed that someone was looking at him and glanced at Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan smiled as he raised his wine glass and gestured from afar. But Yan Jin turned his head—he couldn’t be bothered.

“How rude.” Liu Qiyue saw this and whispered, “Ah Chuan, ignore him.”

“It’s just his nature,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. Last year at the Demon-Slaying Meet, Yan Jin had only said one sentence to him—that he wasn’t taking advantage of him! He understood the other party’s personality since then.

“You just have a good temper.” Liu Qiyue picked up a large piece of soy sauce pork ribs. “Hmm, your restaurant’s soy sauce pork ribs are better than the ones outside. I drool every time I smell it. This dish is all mine.”

“Don’t worry. Nobody will snatch it from you!” Meng Chuan teased. “Why aren’t you fat when you can eat so much?”

Liu Qiyue raised her brows smugly and continued eating happily.

Just as they were eating, a voice suddenly rang out.

“Young Master Meng Chuan! Young Master Meng Chuan... Please save my sister.” A child’s voice suddenly came from downstairs, filled with anxiety and determination.

A child from an ordinary family truly required a great amount of courage to shout in Eastcalm Prefecture’s best restaurant.

Meng Chuan immediately ordered a waiter on the second floor upon hearing the child’s voice and words. “Bring that child up here.”

“Yes, Young Master.” The waiter quickly left.

Soon—

Wearing ordinary clothes, a dirty-looking child came to the second floor. The child felt somewhat nervous when he arrived at Meng Chuan’s table and saw the luxurious interior.

“Little guy, you’re looking for me?” Meng Chuan smiled at the child.

When Ironborn saw the scion in front of him smiling at him, he calmed down. He immediately knelt and kowtowed. “Greetings ,Young Master Meng. I’m Ironborn. Please save my sister.”

“What happened? Get up and tell me.”

Only then did the child stand up.

“My sister’s name is Red Rain. She’s a maid of a large family clan,” Ironborn said. “She’s very good. Every time she comes back, she will bring delicious food back for me. But today, when she returned, she was abducted by Boss Wei.”

The white-robed youth, Yan Jin—who was at another table—naturally could clearly hear what the child had said with his Mortal Shedding realm prowess. He quietly drank and listened, but his gaze turned colder.

“Why did they kidnap your sister?” Meng Chuan inquired

“They said they wanted to take my sister as payment for a debt,” said Ironborn. “They said that my father owed them 300 taels of silver. However, Father said that he only borrowed 10 taels. At the time, he was half drunk and in the middle of the night. He was tricked into printing his palm on a promissory note stating 100 taels of silver. The debt grew, and it has now become 300 taels.”

Upon hearing this, Meng Chuan nodded. It was common for this to happen to commoners. These were indeed the deceitful things the local ruffians did, but they couldn’t be stopped! This was because those who hadn’t reached the Marrow Cleansing realm were not qualified to serve in the army. Without serving in the military, they were destined never to stand out. The hooligans were gluttonous and lazy, happy when they were imprisoned due to free prison food.

“Did your father sign an indenture contract for his daughter?” pressed Meng Chuan.

“No, he didn’t. My father refused to sign,” the child said hurriedly.

“Oh? A local hooligan dares to abduct?” Meng Chuan was shocked. Hooligans usually did minor crimes; they didn’t have the guts to commit serious crimes! This was because the Imperial Court’s punishment for serious crimes was very severe. The punishment for abduction was the dismemberment of limbs and hard labor. The death penalty was normal if they went too far.

There had to be a reason they dared to commit such crimes.

“What’s Boss Wei’s name? Where does he live?” Meng Chuan asked again. “What background does he have?”

“I’ve only heard that his name is Wei Sandao. He lives at East Willow River. My father said that Boss Wei is a member of the Black Wolf Gang,” the child said hurriedly.

Meng Chuan nodded. “Black Wolf Gang? No wonder.”

With that said, Meng Chuan waved his hand into the distance.

“Young Master.” A young man ran over.

“There’s a lackey of Black Wolf Gang called Wei Sandao. It should be an alias. He lives in the area around East Willow River! Bring him here,” ordered Meng Chuan. “Get a supervisor from the Black Wolf Gang to come over.”

“Yes,” the young man said respectfully.

The white-robed youth, Yan Jin, suddenly appeared in front of the child.

“Little guy, lead the way. I’ll save your sister now,” Yan Jin said calmly.

Ironborn was taken aback.

“Time is of the essence. If we are too late, your sister might be dead,” Yan Jin said coldly. “Lead the way.”

“Alright, alright.” Ironborn became even more worried about his sister when he heard that.

“Ah Chuan, let’s go take a look as well.” Liu Qiyue was eager to see the development.

Meng Chuan was somewhat surprised that this mysterious youth—Yan Jin—abhorred evil. He nodded and said, “Alright, let’s make the trip.”

“I’ll lead the way.” Seeing the mysterious white-robed scion and Young Master Meng follow him, the child grew even more excited.

The old servant came to Yan Jin’s side and whispered, “Young Master, there’s no need for us to bother about this...”

“Heed my commands.” Yan Jin’s voice was a little cold.

The old servant was taken aback and immediately followed without any fuss.

...

Yan Jin was the most passionate. He got the old servant to carry the child and let the child point out the way.

They ran at an extremely fast speed.

“It looks like we don’t need to interfere in this matter anymore.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue followed behind.

“Ah Chuan, I always feel that Yan Jin’s temper is a little strange,” Liu Qiyue said in a low voice. “He’s cold, but he’s willing to save someone he doesn’t know. You might say that he hates evil, but he’s been in Eastcalm Prefecture for at least a year, and yet, I’ve never heard of him being chivalrous.”

“He has a strange temper, but he can be considered a good person,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Soon—

They had come to the East Willow River.

“Boss Wei is there.” Ironborn pointed excitedly. “That one.”

Clang!

The gate to the courtyard was pushed open. Yan Jin and his servant went in first, while Meng Chuan and Lu Qiyue followed.

At that moment, three men reeking in alcohol walked out from the main house of the courtyard. The leader of the group was a burly man with his top bare. He held a chicken drumstick in one hand as he walked out, cursing. “Who dares to come to my house and act so insolently? Where did you get the guts—Young Master Meng?”

The moment Boss Wei came out, he saw three youths, an old man, and a child.

Boss Wei immediately recognized Meng Chuan!

The famous figure in Eastcalm Prefecture, one who had the potential to become a Godfiend, the Meng family’s scion... Meng Chuan was simply too famous! As for the local ruffians, they knew quite a bit about the important people in Eastcalm Prefecture. They also knew not to offend them.

Meng Chuan was someone this lackey of the gang clearly had to look up to! Even their gang leader had to lower his head and not show any disrespect. As long as the Meng family was willing, the Black Wolf Gang could be wiped out in one night.

“You abducted his sister?” asked Yan Jin.

Boss Wei glanced at the child and immediately recognized Ironborn.

“I was just following orders.” Boss Wei immediately said obsequiously, “But his sister is no longer with me.”

The old servant took out a token and held it up. “This is Jadesun Palace’s token. Bring this child’s sister back now. If you can’t find her, you will be executed!”

“Jadesun Palace Token?” When Boss Wei saw the two words ‘Jadesun’ on it, his legs couldn’t help but go limp.

In the Eastcalm Prefecture, the five Godfiend clans were not to be trifled with.

But there was something even more terrifying—Jadesun Palace!

The Meng family and Jadesun Palace? Boss Wei’s legs trembled, and his mind went blank.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: The Women from Idle Stone Garden
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“And the two of them.” The child in the old servant’s arms pointed at the two other drunkards. “They were there when Boss Wei led his men to abduct my sister.”

“It has nothing to do with us.”

“We just run errands.” The two drunkards didn’t dare make a sound. After being pointed out by Ironborn, they immediately explained in panic.

Yan Jin frowned and shouted, “Where is his sister?”

“This...” Boss Wei and his two subordinates exchanged looks and began to hesitate. The rules of the gang were stringent.

“If we don’t find her, all three of you will die,” Yan Jin said coldly.

“We’ll talk.”

“She has been sent to Idle Stone Garden,” Big Boss Wei and the others hurriedly said.

...

Idle Stone Garden was one of the six major strongholds the Black Wolf Gang specially used to train women. It was located in the northern sector of Eastcalm Prefecture.

Woof! Woof!

The sky was already dark, and dog barks could be heard occasionally from Idle Stone Garden. Clearly, the compound had guards patrolling it.

The Boss Wei trio led the way. Yan Jin, Meng Chuan, and the others also arrived.

“This compound is Idle Stone Garden. There are usually more than a hundred women here. They will be trained. If they have the ability, they will be sent to various upscale brothels. If they can’t handle it, they will send them to some whorehouses,” Boss Wei said with a fawning smile.

“Ah Chuan, that’s interesting. I’ve seen a few upscale brothels in Eastcalm Prefecture from afar. I’ve never seen the place where they train the women...” Liu Qiyue was especially excited. “I’ve long heard that some pitiful women have been abducted here. Now, we’re going to save them. We can’t let any of those evil Black Wolf Gang members off.”

“I’m not going to let off anyone who does evil,” answered Meng Chuan.

“Quick, open the door! It’s me, Wei!” Boss Wei slammed on the door and shouted.

The doors of Idle Stone Garden opened.

The old servant took the initiative to step forward. With a flick of his hand, the two indolent gatekeepers were sent flying. When they struck a wooden pillar or the ground, they vomited blood.

“An attack.”

“Men!”

“Who is so bold?”

“How dare they come to our Black Wolf Gang’s territory and behave atrociously?”

There was a commotion, and people from all over the compound rushed over.

Yan Jin, Meng Chuan, and the others waited at the front yard. Boss Wei and company stood to the side cautiously with their heads bowed. On one side was Jadesun Palace and the Meng family, and on the other was their gang. They were afraid of both!

Very quickly, a group of men appeared. Some of them had quite strong auras and possessed strength at the Marrow Cleansing realm.

The leader of the group was an elderly man in a colorful robe who had reached the Mortal Shedding realm.

“Young Master Meng?” The colorful-robed elder’s face had a cold expression, but upon seeing Meng Chuan, his face immediately bloomed like a flower. “To think that Young Master Meng would come to my humble abode. I’m truly blessed. Young Master Meng, how may I help you? Young Master Meng, please speak your mind.”

“I heard that you abducted women?” Meng Chuan asked.

“No, absolutely not.” The colorful-robbed elder said hurriedly, “Our Black Wolf Gang has always followed the law to a tee. Why would we do something like that?”

Meng Chuan pointed at Boss Wei and the others who had their heads lowered. “They said so.”

The elder glanced at Boss Wei and the others coldly.

“Guardian, this is Young Master Meng. That person is from Jadesun Palace. We didn’t have a choice either,” said Boss Wei with a bitter expression.

“Jadesun Palace?” Only now did the old man take notice of Yan Jin and the old servant.

The old servant took out the Jadesun Palace token and revealed it.

The elder’s heart skipped a beat. The Jadesun Palace has servants and soldiers... But those who can hold the Jadesun Palace’s token are all from the upper echelons. There aren’t more than ten of them! Who are these two? Why haven’t I heard of them?

“This child’s elder sister was sent here about two hours ago by Wei Sandao,” said Meng Chuan.

“Wei Sandao just sent someone here?” The elder turned his head and shouted while blinking slightly at his subordinate.

The subordinate immediately said, “It seems so. I’ll go find her and bring her here.”

“Hurry up!” the elder barked.

The subordinate immediately ran off.

The elder turned his head and smiled at Meng Chuan and company. He immediately said, “Lord of Jadesun Palace and Young Master Meng, don’t worry. Our Black Wolf Gang is very well-behaved. We definitely don’t abduct women.”

“You still refuse to admit it?” Yan Jin’s voice was cold as he swept his gaze across the compound. “His sister was abducted, and there are more than a hundred women in this compound. I’m sure many were abducted here against their will.”

“Absolutely not,” the elderly man said.

“Seven women are living in that building. Take them all out,” instructed the old servant.

“Yes, right away.” The elder nodded and gestured to his subordinates. However, he was secretly shocked. How impressive. He knows that seven women are living inside from hundreds of feet away?

Soon—

Seven women came out. Some looked like young maidens, while others were in their twenties or thirties.

“Did you willingly come here, or were you abducted?” Yan Jin said solemnly, “Just tell me, don’t be afraid. We are from the Jadesun Palace, and this is a scion of the Meng family. The Black Wolf Gang cannot threaten you. You can take revenge if you have a grudge against them. As long as these people violated the law, none of them will escape.”

“Those who violate the laws will not be able to escape,” said Meng Chuan. “This is my promise to you.”

The elder’s eyes narrowed when he heard that. The subordinates behind him looked at each other.

Of the seven women, one of the older ones laughed self-deprecatingly. “Young Masters, all of you have been busy for nothing. All of us sisters came to this place of debauchery because we have nowhere to go. For example, I was abandoned by my husband. I had no place to live, no place to eat, and I was bullied. Only by coming here will I be able to eat to my heart’s content and shelter myself from the elements. Speaking of which, the Black Wolf Gang gave me a way out.”

Yan Jin, Meng Chuan, and Liu Qiyue were stunned.

It was different from what they had imagined.

Another woman also said, “Young Masters, I escaped from disaster and came here. There was nowhere to go, and I was on the brink of starvation. Can you understand what it feels like? It’s useless begging anyone. I was so thin from starvation that I had to sell my body and be despised by everyone. It was the Black Wolf Gang who picked me out from a group of beggars and gave me a way out.”

“My father sold me to repay his debt, and it can be considered as me repaying his kindness for raising me,” a girl said coldly. “As long as I earn money in the brothels and pay off my debt... I can regain my freedom and have some money to live the rest of my life.”

“It’s great here. We have pretty clothes to wear. We have sisters to have fun with. There’s good food, and we don’t need to work hard.” A girl with a baby face smiled brightly. “Why do we need saving?”

...

There was a hidden tunnel in this compound. At the end of the tunnel was a hidden hall.

In the underground hall.

A hunchbacked man was seated in a lotus position. A faint green fog covered his entire body, and his eyes were filled with a terrifying green light.

There was another female corpse to his side. There was a hole in the female corpse’s chest, and it was clear that her heart had been dug out.

Chi! Chi! Chi! The hunchbacked man’s long right fingernails held a heart. However, the heart was now very dry.

Phew~

Whoosh~

Green mist entered the hunchbacked man’s body from his nose before he spat it out after some time.

Knock! Knock! Knock! A series of knocking sounded from outside.

“Oh?” The hunchbacked man’s expression changed slightly as he said coldly, “What is it?” How dare his subordinates disturb him when he was cultivating?

“My lord, there are a few young men and a woman outside, as well as an old man. They are from Jadesun Palace, and among them is Meng Chuan from the Meng family. They say they are here to rescue a child’s sister,” the person outside the hall said softly.

“Then return the child’s sister to them,” said the hunchbacked man with a frown. “I’m at a critical point in my cultivation. There’s no need to provoke the five Godfiend clans or Jadesun Palace.”

“What if they want to search the entire Idle Stone Garden? I’m afraid some secrets will be uncovered,” said the person outside the hall.

“Forbid them from searching!” The hunchbacked man said calmly. “If you really can’t stop them, we’re destined to be exposed. Kill them and give up on this place. That will be a warning to the five Godfiend family clans and Jadesun Palace.”

“Yes,” the person outside the hall replied respectfully.

The hunchbacked man looked at the female corpse on the ground and said in a low voice, “I really can’t bear to give up such a good place for cultivation that provides me virgins often.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: Release of Demonic Aura
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

In Idle Stone Garden, the seven women’s words left Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, and Liu Qiyue slightly stunned.

“Let all the women in these buildings come out,” Yan Jin said sternly. He refused to believe it.

When he was young, the maidservant that had treated him exceptionally well was tortured to death in such a place.

“Bring them all out.” The colorful-robed elder smiled as he instructed. More than thirty women were brought and gathered together.

“Young Master Meng?”

“It’s the Meng family’s Meng Chuan!” Many women’s eyes lit up when they saw Meng Chuan!

Countless people were envious and jealous of Eastcalm Prefecture’s geniuses. Meng Chuan often traveled between Meng Manor and Mirror Lake Dao Academy. Many people had seen him over the years.

“If you were abducted, you can say it out loud. You don’t have to worry about the Black Wolf Gang’s revenge,” said Meng Chuan. “They don’t have the guts.”

“Young Master Meng, although some of us were crying and wailing when we came, it has nothing to do with the Black Wolf Gang. I came here on my own accord because of my brother’s marriage. The sisters beside me all have their sad stories, but we were all willing,” said a woman with a smile.

“Young Master Meng...” These women were all very willing to tell Meng Chuan.

As Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Yan Jin listened, the three became more confused. They could tell that these women didn’t have any resentment towards the Black Wolf Gang. They were even shocked when they heard the women talk about their hardships.

They had known that life was difficult for ordinary people due to the rules set by the imperial government—those who didn’t reach the Marrow Cleansing realm had to serve in the military otherwise the jobs available to them would be limited. But, those who opened small businesses and worked some odd jobs could still fill their stomachs. But today, they found out that there were people who lived more miserable lives amongst ordinary people. Those who were seriously ill or had families with gambling addicts. Those who went through famine or had their hometowns destroyed by demons...

These women were pretty, so they had this path to take. If they didn’t have the prerequisite beauty, this path wouldn’t have worked out.

“Sis!” Ironborn—who was standing by the side—called out in excitement, his eyes widening suddenly. He didn’t feel anything when he heard the women complaining because his father was a gambling addict. If it weren’t for his sister working as a servant in a large family clan, his family would have been finished.

“Ironborn.” The woman who had been brought out by the Black Wolf Gang immediately ran over.

“Haha...” The elderly man laughed. “We found her. What happened? How did this woman get brought to our Idle Stone Garden? How was I not aware of this?”

“Guardian,” said the gang members respectfully. “The father of this woman named Red Rain owes us Black Wolf Gang 300 taels of silver. That’s why our subordinates brought the man’s daughter to hide here temporarily. It’s to force her father to raise the money.”

When the elder heard, he immediately glared at the Boss Wei trio and shouted, “Why didn’t you tell me you were hiding her here for your debt recollection?”

Boss Wei immediately came to a realization and said with a fawning smile, “Guardian, how would we dare to alarm you with such a trivial matter? We only planned to hide her here for a few days to scare that gambler.”

Meng Chuan and company frowned when they heard this.

When a debt reached a significant amount, debtors who temporarily impounded other family members to force the family to return the debt would only be punished with fines at the court. Unless the abducted woman was forced to become a prostitute, be severely injured, or killed, would a heavy punishment be meted out.

As for Ironborn’s sister, Red Rain, she clearly wasn’t injured.

“Sis, did they bully you?” Ironborn hugged his sister and asked immediately.

“No, they just locked me up in a room.” Red Rain shook her head.

“Could we have made a mistake?” Liu Qiyue whispered when she saw this.

Yan Jin frowned.

Meng Chuan looked at the group of women. Every single one of them had their stories, but none of them were forced. What he experienced today had indeed allowed him to see the other side of this world.

“Young Master.” The old servant stood beside Yan Jin and chuckled. “If it’s illegal, the Black Wolf Gang will not let us see it easily.”

Yan Jin’s eyes lit up.

“This Red Rain was taken away by force without a doubt. Furthermore, the Black Wolf Gang didn’t have an indenture contract for her. Since there’s a precedent, it can’t be only this once,” said the old servant with a smile. “Furthermore, the place where Red Rain was imprisoned is in the back of the compound. I’m quite sure there are other pitiful women in those places.”

These words caused the Black Wolf Gang members’ faces to change. The elderly man in colorful robes had an ugly look on his face.

“Yes, shady matters need to be hidden more carefully,” said Yan Jin coldly. “Uncle Wang, check this compound carefully. I want to see how bold a small gang like this can be.”

“Haven’t you gone overboard?”

The elder’s face darkened as he took a few steps forward. His subordinates behind him also took a few steps forward, blocking the path in front of them. The colorful-robed elder said in a low voice, “The person you wish to save is now with you. Are you not giving us an out by continuing to force us?”

“Move aside,” said Yan Jin coldly.

“This is the Black Wolf Gang’s territory, and also the Bai family’s territory.” The elder laughed coldly. “Do you all intend to fall out with us?”

“Haha, you are quite bold as a Guardian,” said the old servant with a laugh. “Is there anyone who dares to threaten Jadesun Palace in Eastcalm Prefecture?”

In Eastcalm Prefecture, the Jadesun Palace held the highest status, and it represented Archean Mountain.

“If you dare to obstruct Jadesun Palace’s operations, I can kill you directly. Your Black Wolf Gang should know the rules.” The old servant took out the Jadesun Palace’s token, and the color in the faces of the gang members immediately drained. They couldn’t help but retreat. The Jadesun Palace’s reputation was too great! It was said that the Imperial Court was in charge of mortal affairs while Jadesun Palace was in charge of all other matters.

If one offended the Jadesun Palace, they would die for nothing.

“Guardian, don’t fight with the Jadesun Palace.”

“Bear with it.”

“Let’s report this to the gang. We won’t be able to block them,” the gang members said hurriedly. Even if it were a serious crime to abduct women, with so many people from the Black Wolf Gang, the Imperial Court’s punishments would probably not reach them even if they did mete out punishments.

Under the night sky.

Inside Idle Stone Garden, the women watched nervously. The members of the Black Wolf Gang also retreated. The Boss Wei trio didn’t dare say a word.

Only the elder’s expression darkened. He stood in the way. “Are we really going to fall out with each other?”

“Do you think you are worthy of that?” The old servant chuckled softly. In terms of background, his family clan was far beyond what any of the five Godfiend clans in Eastcalm Prefecture were capable of.

“Make way!” Yan Jin’s eyes were cold. The thought of women being tortured to the point of death triggered his killing intent.

“Haha, alright. I’ll make way. Make way. Let them investigate!” The elder laughed, causing the old servant’s expression to change.

At this moment...

A person walked out from a distant corridor.

His back hunched, but he remained tall. His hair was disheveled, and he walked over with a smile as he looked at Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Liu Qiyue, and the old servant.

Upon seeing this person’s aura limited to an ordinary person’s, Meng Chuan could vaguely sense an extremely terrifying threat approaching! It was as though a terrifying monster was approaching him.

“I heard that you are going to investigate this place?” The hunchbacked man smiled. “So many paths lead to life, but you had to choose the one that leads to death.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a rich green aura suddenly erupted from his body as his eyes glowed green. His entire body became larger and muscular; his fingernails grew longer as well. Reaching out his hand, he sent pebbles on the ground flying into the air and into his hands.

“I’ll send you on your way.” The hunchbacked man waved his sharp claws.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Dozens of stones flew out. A green aura enveloped every stone, and their speed was terrifying.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Easily causing large holes, some stones passed through the wooden pillars while others passed through the rockery.

“Ahhh!” Following the stone trajectories, three gang members and two innocent women were pierced through by stones. Blood splattered everywhere as they died on the spot.

“Be careful.” Meng Chuan jolted to attention as he stepped in front of Qiyue and instantly unsheathed his saber at his waist. Liu Qiyue immediately pulled the siblings behind her.

“Skydemon Sect? Release of demonic aura?” The old servant’s expression drastically changed as he brandished a soft sword. “Young Master, be careful.”

Yan Jin pulled out both his swords from his back. He immediately tried his best to block the attacks with both blades.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Dozens of terrifying rocks enveloped with green aura instantly struck them. Meng Chuan, the old servant, and Yan Jin used their full strength to block the lethal stones. Every stone felt extremely heavy. They were stronger than arrows shot by an expert at the Mortal Shedding realm. The stones were even more terrifying than 100 Mortal Shedding realm warriors shooting arrows simultaneously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: Call for Help
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Boom! The white-robed Yan Jin wielded a sword in each hand. He stood in front as his two swords transformed into the symbol for Yin and Yang—forming a vortex to block the stones.

Yan Jin blocked almost half of the stones covered in the green aura.

Flanking Yan Jin, the old servant—who was at the Seamless realm—and Meng Chuan blocked the remaining stones.

We blocked them! Meng Chuan cultivated a Lightning Divine Body, and his speed was extraordinarily fast. His saber instantly transformed into a blur as he blocked multiple rocks, but he still found it extremely demanding on his body. The old servant who used a soft sword had power at the Seamless realm, but even he was struggling as well. In contrast, Yan Jin’s every single strike was incomparably powerful, and he hadn’t seemed to use any effort to block half the stones alone.

Liu Qiyue—who was protected in the rear—did not hesitate to take out a distress flare and quickly activated it.

Boom!

With a loud bang, the flare flew into the sky with great speed.

“Quick, retreat!” Meng Chuan hurriedly roared because the hunchbacked man—who had casually tossed the stones—had already charged over.

Liu Qiyue held Ironborn with one hand and carried the other girl with the other as she charged out.

“Hahaha, to have such strength at the Mortal Shedding realm? It looks like I’ve caught a big one!” The hunchbacked man’s laughter echoed in Idle Stone Garden. He had already charged straight for Yan Jin! He was clearly the strongest, considering how he had blocked dozens of stones.

“Young Master!” The old servant slashed his sword forward, the soft sword curved and stabbed at the hunched man’s eyes.

The hunched man’s body blurred slightly. The strike only hit the hunchbacked man’s back. It barely pierced his skin before his muscles blocked it.

Whoosh. The hunchbacked man struck out with his claw that was covered with a thick green demonic aura. Unable to dodge in time, Yan Jin had no choice but to hold up both swords to block.

The claw struck the two swords.

Boom!

A terrifying power Yan Jin had no way of withstanding, surged into him from his swords.

Even though he was good at redirecting power and had the Icefire Divine Body—which was good at using the Yin-Yang Deflection—the strength difference was too great! He was sent flying backward by the strike, slamming into the wall behind him. The Idle Stone Garden walls were instantly smashed apart, causing Yan Jin to fall onto the streets. He was covered in rubble. One of his swords was flung into the air.

The hunchbacked man didn’t care about the others as he only stared at Yan Jin in a bid to kill him.

Yan Jin felt pain all over his body. His bones were fractured in several areas, and he had lost feeling in his arms. He wanted to get up, but he couldn’t control his body.

Too powerful! The difference was too great!

“Hahaha...” The hunchbacked man gave an ear-piercing laugh and charged over.

“Young Master.” The old servant wanted to catch up, but his speed was ultimately slower. His eyes couldn’t help but show anger.

“Cough, cough.” Yan Jin coughed out blood.

Am I going to die here? I really can’t accept this. Yan Jin’s vision was a little blurry. As he watched the hunchbacked man charge over, an even faster blur shot out from the side. A saber formed a beautiful arc, and the hunchbacked man was unable to dodge.

Saber technique—Swaying Moonfall!

In terms of Godfiend foundations, Yan Jin’s foundation was just on par with Meng Chuan’s even though he was born with tremendous strength, and had consumed rare, treasured herbs while cultivating his Godfiend body. They were simply skilled in different aspects.

Meng Chuan, who cultivated a Lightning Divine Body, focused on his movement techniques and swift saber. His advantage was in speed! He was faster than most Seamless realm experts, and he was even faster than the hunchbacked man.

Human traitor from the Skydemon Sect! A murderous look flashed in Meng Chuan’s eyes. His blood boiled as lightning flowed through his body, increasing his astonishing speed even further. Meng Chuan knew very well that he was unable to deal with this terrifying Skydemon Sect expert! Therefore, he had slashed at his opponent’s leg. He wanted to injure his opponent’s leg to slow him down. Only then would they have a chance of escaping.

“Swift saber arts and ingenious moves. As expected of a genius from the Meng family.” The hunchbacked man finally slowed down as his left hand swiped out.

Clang!

His strike was bizarre and fast, easily blocking the saber beam.

Seeing the situation turning south, Meng Chuan immediately retreated—an arc beam streaking out from his saber as he did so. There was a cold look in the hunchbacked man’s eyes. “You are even more dangerous than that white-robed youth. Have a taste of my Finger of Extermination.” He suddenly flicked his right hand. One of his fingernails blasted out and shot towards the fleeing Meng Chuan.

“Commendable movement techniques, but you will still die.” The hunchbacked man was very confident. His fingernails were his most powerful weapon. It would take a month for him to regenerate one of them. However, once he unleashed his full power, it would be extremely terrifying. This move was enough to kill ordinary Seamless realm experts.

No good.

The black fingernail—covered with green mist—was simply too fast.

Meng Chuan could only use his sword to block it by instinct—honed from blocking arrows every day. When facing death, the unity of his body, mind, and technique allowed him to use more of his potential.

His saber blocked the black fingernail. The moment they collided, a terrifying demonic aura contained within the black fingernail exploded out! This exquisite saber move had shifted the black fingernail’s trajectory, diverting most of the demonic aura away.

However, some of the demonic aura traveled down the saber and into Meng Chuan’s body.

Boom!

He felt his body spasm as he was flung away. He instantly lost feeling in his right hand that had held his saber. Blood sprayed from his mouth as he fell to the ground.

The impact was one thing. What was even more frightening was the thick demon aura that had invaded Meng Chuan’s body. It was excruciating painful.

“Ah Chuan.” The distant Liu Qiyue had already pulled out her bow and arrow from the quiver on her back. Gritting her teeth, she immediately drew her bow and shot at the hunchbacked man.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Arrows shot out one after another.

“None of you can escape. All of you have to die.” The hunchbacked man completely ignored the arrows. No matter how the arrows landed on him, they were unable to pierce his skin! Liu Qiyue’s arrows were too weak. After all, she had just stepped into the Mortal Shedding realm and had yet to reach the Unity realm. Her Godfiend foundation wasn’t strong enough either. If it were an ordinary Seamless realm expert, they might have to be careful when dealing with her. However, the Skydemon Sect expert completely ignored her.

Oh? The hunchbacked man’s expression suddenly changed, and his body blurred.

Swoosh.

A sword beam passed through the spot where he was. It was the old servant.

At that moment, a stream of water swirled around the old servant’s body like tiny snakes. The old servant’s aura was much stronger, but his skin and eyes were red.

“Godblood Pills?” The hunchbacked man was rather surprised. He looked at the elder. “The Eastcalm Prefecture actually has Godblood Pills? It seems like you and your young master have powerful backgrounds.”

“Miss Liu, take my young master and Young Master Meng Chuan with you,” shouted the old servant angrily. “I will hold him back.”

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue immediately ran over. She first slung Meng Chuan over her back and dashed to Yan Jin.

Yan Jin had a very high recovery rate, and he had already stood up. “I can walk by myself.”

“Seek help first.” Meng Chuan used all his strength to expel the demonic aura in his body. At the same time, he spoke in a hoarse voice as he took out a distress flare.

Boom!

Yan Jin received the flare and activated it, sending the flare into the sky. He then sent his own distress flare into the sky.

“Both of you hurry up and leave!” Liu Qiyue bellowed angrily at the nearby Red Rain and Ironborn. The two siblings were worried about their saviors, but they nodded and immediately ran off into the distance. As for the other women and Black Wolf Gang, they had long fled in terror. The further they were from this terrifying battle, the better. Even so, over ten of them had been implicated—they were either dead or crippled.

Meanwhile.

After consuming the Godblood Pill, the old servant’s strength multiplied by several times and had already begun clashing with the hunchbacked man. The hunchbacked man had immense strength, and his body was seemingly invulnerable. Every move he made was abnormally terrifying. The old servant was at a complete disadvantage, but he was extremely resilient and continued to hold the hunchbacked man back.

Booms ensued from the exchange of blows, and the surrounding walls were reduced to rubble.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

“Uncle Wang can’t hold him for long. Let’s go, quick,” said Yan Jin. Liu Qiyue also ran off with Meng Chuan on her back.

“Let’s go.” Meng Chuan that they would only be burdens if they stayed behind. Only after they had escaped, could the loyal servant flee.

...

When Liu Qiyue sent out the distress flare, it had attracted the attention of many people in Eastcalm Prefecture. It stood out at night.

Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai were eating in a private room at a restaurant. Through the window, they saw the flare’s trail in the sky and the explosion.

“It’s Qiyue.” The two immediately recognized the flare. These distress flares were specially created for juniors. Just by looking at the shape of the fireworks, one could discern who had sent out the distress signal.

“Qiyue is requesting help?” Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai were both shocked.

Swoosh!

Liu Yebai immediately morphed into black mist and jumped out of the window.

Meng Dajiang’s blood boiled as he transformed into a black beam of light, and shot out the restaurant.

However, just seconds after they rushed out—

Bang! Bang!

Another two flares.

“It’s Chuan’er!” Meng Dajiang shouted anxiously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: Thorough Investigation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Outside Idle Stone Garden.

A terrifying battle ensued between the Skydemon Sect expert—who had released demonic aura—and the old Seamless realm servant who had consumed the Godblood Pill.

They have released distress signals. It won’t take long for experts from the five Godfiend family clans and the Jadesun Palace to arrive. The hunchbacked man had the upper hand. He completely suppressed the old Seamless realm servant and was busy considering other matters. He looked at the crazy old servant in front of him with some disgust. Godblood Pills are indeed extraordinary. Most of my strength has been obstructed by the flowing water. The Godblood Pill is providing him endless energy. As long as the Godblood Pills’ effects haven’t finished, I can’t escape him.

I have no hope of escaping within thirty seconds. Forget it. I’ll leave. I will be in danger if this drags on for over 30 seconds. The hunchbacked man made up his mind and turned to leave.

Thirty seconds was his safety period.

The longer he dragged on, the more likely it was for the experts from the five Godfiend family clans and Jadesun Palace to arrive. Although the Eastcalm Prefecture City was very large and Idle Stone Garden was quite remote, it would perhaps take experts thirty seconds to arrive. He didn’t dare take the gamble! From his point of view, it was a good thing to kill Meng Chuan and company in passing. Otherwise, his life was naturally of utmost importance.

Skydemon Sect experts lurked in every corner of the human world. They were careful and kept a low profile. This was an instinct!

Whoosh.

The hunchbacked man quickly turned around and left. His figure blurred, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared into the night after traversing all of Idle Stone Garden.

Oh? The old servant didn’t continue pestering the man after he no longer pursued his young master and the rest, and instead left in the opposite direction. If he could live, he would take the chance.

“Young Master.” The old servant immediately rushed towards Yan Jin and the others.

“He’s gone?” Yan Jin, Meng Chuan, and Liu Qiyue heaved a sigh of relief.

“With me obstructing him, he didn’t have the confidence to catch up to you.” The old servant forcefully restrained his strength as he hurriedly said, “Although he’s powerful, he’s afraid of the five Godfiend family clans and Jadesun Palace arriving.”

“Qiyue, put me down,” Meng Chuan said hoarsely.

“Ah Chuan, are you feeling better?” Liu Qiyue put him down and asked immediately.

“The injuries to my muscles and bones are nothing. However, it’s a bit troublesome to expel the demonic aura. I can barely suppress it now. It will probably take me a few days to completely expel it.” The demonic aura was faintly swirling around his body.

Yan Jin’s was covered in blood, and his face was pale. However, he still said, “Young Master Meng, Miss Liu, this matter was all because of me. If we had done as Young Master Meng said—to get our men to do it—the Black Wolf Gang would have likely obediently handed Red Rain over. It wouldn’t have created all these problems! It was also because I wanted to search Idle Stone Garden the Skydemon Sect expert appeared. This was all because of me.”

“I also wanted to save the pitiful women. Brother Yan Jin, don’t think too much about it.”

By the side, the old servant immediately said, “It was all thanks to you, Young Master Meng. The Skydemon Sect expert was just too swift at attacking Young Master that I couldn’t save him in time. It’s all thanks to that saber strike of yours my young master was saved.”

“Thank you,” said Yan Jin. He remembered the strike that Meng Chuan delivered in his moment of despair—one that saved him.

“What’s there to thank me for when we were joining forces against an enemy?” Meng Chuan laughed, but he couldn’t help but cough twice as he laughed. This affected his injuries, and he couldn’t help but grimace.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two figures instantly descended, their speed terrifying. This caused the old servant to feel nervous.

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Yan Jin turned their heads.

“Dad!” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue shouted immediately.

“Qiyue.” Liu Yebai hurriedly looked at his daughter.

“Chuan’er.” Seeing the demonic aura and blood-stained clothes on his son, Meng Dajiang couldn’t help but panic. He hurriedly grabbed his son’s arm and sent a surge of Quintessential Energy into his son’s body.

“Dad, I’m fine. Nothing happened. It was Ah Chuan and Young Master Yan Jin who fought the Skydemon Sect expert,” said Liu Qiyue.

Only then did Liu Yebai relax. His daughter was indeed unharmed.

“How is Meng Chuan?” inquired Liu Yebai.

“After that Skydemon Sect expert injured Chuan’er, he was unable to deal a killing blow. Therefore, he’s still alright. He should be able to completely expel the demonic aura from his body within three days. As for his tendons and bones, he will recover within ten days.” Meng Dajiang relaxed. He had been quite afraid when he sensed the demonic aura inside his son.

An expert who could release demonic aura could probably kill his son in two or three moves. From how they looked now, the outcome was still acceptable.

“What about the man from the Skydemon Sect?” inquired Meng Dajiang.

“He was held back by me. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to kill Young Master and the rest, so he immediately left,” said the old servant. “If he were to continue fighting, the two of you would be able to restrain him.”

Although the old servant tried his best to contain his strength, his aura was still surging.

Godblood Pill? Liu Yebai and Meng Dajiang came to a conclusion and couldn’t help but glance at Yan Jin.

For a servant to have a Godblood Pill? What sort of background does this Yan Jin have? The two of them were somewhat surprised, but they didn’t think too much about it. Since the other party had never publicly announced it, there was no need for them to investigate. In truth, if Jadesun Palace Lord was willing to protect them, it already indirectly proved that this youth named Yan Jin had an extraordinary background.

“How did you encounter someone from the Skydemon Sect?” Liu Yebai asked.

“We came here to rescue a woman abducted by the Black Wolf Gang. We believed that there were more pitiful women in Idle Stone Garden. We were just about to search when that Skydemon Sect expert appeared,” said Liu Qiyue.

Liu Yebai said coldly, “This Black Wolf Gang’s stronghold is actually a Skydemon Sect expert’s lair? It looks like we have to investigate the Black Wolf Gang properly.”

“Don’t worry.” Meng Dajiang’s eyes were cold. “All of the Black Wolf Gang’s strongholds will be investigated thoroughly. None of them can escape investigation!”

...

The Black Wolf Gang’s headquarters was heavily guarded.

Gang Leader Liu Chang was drinking as he listened to music.

“Master.” A figure rushed into the building.

“Oh?” Liu Chang frowned as he looked at the young man rushing in. “Ah Quan, why are you in such a frenzy?”

The young man glanced at the singer beside them.

“Leave first,” instructed Liu Chang. The singer obediently retreated, leaving only the master and disciple inside.

Only then did the youth speak respectfully, “Master, something big has happened at Idle Stone Garden. Didn’t I report to you that there’s something wrong with Guardian Chou? Women will occasionally disappear from Idle Stone Garden, but they don’t appear in the brothels and whorehouses controlled by our Black Wolf Gang. The women that disappeared were virgins, ones that can be sold at a high price.”

“Yes. I’ve instructed you to turn a blind eye to it. Why? What happened?” asked Liu Chang.

“Today, Young Master Meng Chuan and a scion from Jadesun Palace came with a group of people. They wanted to search the entire Idle Stone Garden! A terrifying expert actually appeared,” the youth said. “His entire body was covered in green mist, and his fingernails grew very long while his eyes turned green. It was very terrifying. He directly attacked Young Master Meng Chuan and the others.”

“Green mist? His fingernails grew long, and his eyes turned green?” Liu Chang’s expression changed. “And then?”

“The battle was terrifying. Many of our brothers and Idle Stone Garden women were casualties. We fled in every direction,” the youth said hurriedly. “Master, I came to report to you at the fastest speed possible. If Young Master Meng Chuan and the others were to die, we’d be in grave trouble.”

“Is Young Master Meng Chuan still alive?” pressed Liu Chang.

“I don’t know. I immediately fled when I sensed something amiss. I didn’t dare stay any longer,” said the youth immediately.

“Oh.”

Liu Chang asked, “You didn’t tell anyone that you had suspected Guardian Chou, right?”

“No, I did what you instructed me to do. Master, what should we do now?” the young man asked.

“You are, after all, stationed in Idle Stone Garden often. If the five Godfiend family clans and Jadesun Palace investigate this matter, they might investigate you,” said Liu Chang. “It’s now 7:45 p.m. and the city gates close at 8:15. There’s still time for you to leave the city! Go to East Mountain’s Flying Horse Bandits and hide. If they don’t investigate you, I’ll ask for your return. Remember... go to Flying Horse Bandit’s and keep it a secret.”

“I understand.” The youth nodded.

“Leave quickly. The sooner, the better,” said Liu Chang. “Once the city gate is closed, it won’t be long before Jadesun Palace, and the five Godfiend family clans begin their investigations. You won’t be able to leave tomorrow.

“Yes.”

The youth also felt that it would be safer for him to leave the city for now. He immediately left the gang headquarters and headed for the city gates.

After he ran half a kilometer from the gang headquarters—

Swish! A hidden projectile flashed and pierced the youth’s body.

The young man’s eyes widened, and he quickly collapsed to the ground.

At this moment, a masked Liu Chang appeared beside him.

“Ah Quan, Master doesn’t dare to associate himself with the Skydemon Sect. I’ll be doomed if the Godfiend family clans were to find out that I had discovered something amiss in Idle Stone Garden but chose to turn a blind eye to it. Only those who die will shut up forever. Don’t blame me.” Liu Chang quickly left with the youth’s corpse.

...

Moments later, Liu Chang returned to the Black Wolf Gang headquarters without anyone knowing.

He leisurely drew in his study.

“Liu Chang!” A furious bellow sounded.

Liu Chang immediately walked out of the study. When he saw a white-robed middle-aged man outside, he immediately said with a smile, “Ah, Lord Third. May I know what’s the matter?”

“You are asking what the matter is? You useless piece of trash!” the white-robed middle-aged man said through gritted teeth. “You actually brought big trouble to me running a Black Wolf Gang! A Skydemon Sect expert appeared in Idle Stone Garden.”

“What? Skydemon Sect? It has nothing to do with me. It has nothing to do with me.” Liu Chang nearly cried from fright. He immediately said, “Lord Third, you know I don’t have the guts.”

“The two young masters, Meng Chuan and that Yan Jin from Jadesun Palace, were seriously injured. Fairy Meng is on the verge of madness. She has already begun to mobilize the Meng family. Jadesun Palace Lord has also given orders to conduct a joint investigation with the Meng family. Tonight, the entire city will not be at peace.” The white-robed middle-aged man gritted his teeth. “You trash, quickly follow me, and meet my elder brother.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: The Zhou Family’s Fate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The entire Eastcalm Prefecture City was currently in a state of panic. Groups of men were sent out to carry out investigations.

The Red Rain siblings had managed to flee to their master’s house.

Zhou Manor.

Zhou He sat in the seat of honor with a livid expression. Young Master Zhou Qian’s face was pale.

“Miss Liu told us to flee quickly, so we fled with all our might.” Red Rain pulled her brother, Ironborn, and said hurriedly, “Back then, several people died. Some of the Black Wolf Gang members died. The two of us fled in terror, and we came to tell you, Master.”

“You did the right thing! If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have known that this little brat had caused such a huge mess.” Zhou He looked at his son coldly. “How bold of you to get Young Master Meng Chuan’s help. How dare you not tell me about such a huge matter?”

Zhou Qian trembled slightly. “I never expected this. I really never expected it. Red Rain, are Senior Brother Meng and the rest still alive?”

“I don’t know.” Red Rain immediately shook her head. “Back then, he and that scion from Jadesun Palace were already heavily injured. We don’t know what happened to them after we fled.”

“I hope they’re safe and sound,” Zhou He said coldly. “Otherwise, our Zhou family will be finished. There won’t be any hope at all.”

“Dad...” Zhou Qian said immediately.

“It’s up to luck now. Otherwise, whether it’s the Black Wolf Gang, the Bai family, or the Meng family, we’ll all be finished if any of them wants to deal with us.” Zhou He stood up and said, “Zhou Qian, follow me to Meng Manor immediately!”

“Yes,” Zhou Qian said immediately. He was somewhat dazed.

“And the two of you,” Zhou He instructed. “If anyone from the Imperial Court asks you about what happened today, just do as I say...”

“Yes.” The siblings obediently listened.

...

Zhou He brought his son to the Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

On the way there, they saw troops of soldiers.

“Brother Zhang, Brother Zhang, what happened?” Zhou He immediately asked the leader of a troop that he was familiar with.

“Someone from the Skydemon Sect appeared, and Young Master Meng Chuan from the Meng family is still heavily injured. Now, we are searching the entire city,” said the leader simply. “Alright, let’s not talk further. I’m in a rush.”

“Brother Zhang, do what you need to do.” Zhou He smiled.

“Dad?” Zhou Qian whispered.

“Young Master Meng Chuan is alive. This is good news. So that person is from the Skydemon Sect?” Zhou He pondered. “Let’s go. Let’s hurry to Meng Manor.”

...

Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Meng Chuan leaned against the bed. Although his face was pale, he was in good spirits.

“Meng Chuan, if you meet a strong opponent that you can’t fend off in the future, protect your life first.” Fairy Meng sat to his side, leaning on her walking stick as she said, “It’s nice that you saved Yan Jin, but if you were to sacrifice yourself, it’s not worth it. You should know that you are the hope of the entire Meng family. You can’t afford the loss, and our Meng family can’t afford it either.”

“Grandaunt, the Skydemon Sect’s expert had a powerful body, but he wasn’t that fast. I originally had the confidence to escape after saving Yan Jin. Who knew his broken fingernail would be so powerful? It severely injured me with one strike.” Meng Chuan felt ashamed as well.

“How many opponents have you really fought? In addition, your opponent’s strength far exceeded yours. It’s fine even if his attacks fail ten times because none of you can hurt him. But if you get hit once, you’ll be finished. When faced with such a powerful opponent, you shouldn’t be hoping to get lucky.”

Fairy Meng shook her head. “Furthermore, the people from the Skydemon Sect are all human traitors. They cultivate with formulas created by the demon race. Their combat tactics are also similar to demons. Their bodies can be cultivated into weapons! In the future, you must be careful. Immediately avoid the Skydemon sect if you encounter them. Put as much distance between you and them unless you have the confidence to kill them.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “Yes.”

At that moment, Meng Dajiang walked in from outside.

“Dad, how’s the situation?” asked Meng Chuan.

“The Skydemon Sect disciple fled too quickly. They are now interrogating the Black Wolf Gang,” said Meng Dajiang.

“What about the innocent women in Idle Stone Garden?” pressed Meng Chuan.

“In the battle, five Black Wolf Gang members died, and three were injured. Six of the women in Idle Stone Garden were killed, and two were injured. By the way... we discovered thirty-eight women locked up in the backyard. Chuan’er, you saved quite a number of people,” said Meng Dajiang. “The Idle Stone Garden has an underground hall. There were many female remains left there. The man from the Skydemon Sect must have spent a long time cultivating his demonic arts there.”

Hearing this, Meng Chuan fell silent. He pitied the women who had been killed. His killing intent towards the Skydemon Sect grew.

“Master.” A servant’s voice came from outside. “Zhou He brought his son, Zhou Qian, here. He claims he’s here to seek forgiveness.”

“Seek forgiveness?” Meng Dajiang was puzzled. “I’ll go take a look.”

...

His grandaunt left after staying a while.

Meng Chuan rested in bed. His grandaunt had easily removed the demonic aura within him. To Godfiends, expelling this bit of demonic aura was a piece of cake. Instead, he required a few days to recover from his physical injuries. This was also thanks to his Godfiend body being strong enough. If it were a normal person, it would take several months to recover.

“Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang pushed open the door and walked in. “That child who came to you for help had been instructed by a young lad named Zhou Qian.”

“Zhou Qian?” Meng Chuan was puzzled. “I know him. He’s a disciple of our Mirror Lake Dao Academy. I even gave him some sword art pointers today.”

Meng Dajiang said, “Red Rain is his personal maid, and he has a very good relationship with her. He originally wanted to save her but was stopped by his father, Zhou He. That’s why he secretly sent that child, Ironborn, to the restaurant to seek your help. That is how everything started. I didn’t expect that it was all because of your junior brother from the Dao Academy. I will definitely not let him go off so easily for making my son experience such a disaster.”

“Dad,” said Meng Chuan immediately. “I’m quite familiar with Zhou Qian. He’s quite talented. He didn’t intend to harm me. From his point of view, this was trivial to me. The resolution to the Black Wolf Gang incident was indeed straightforward. We encountered the Skydemon Sect disciple because our luck was terrible. You can’t blame Junior Brother Zhou Qian.

“You”—Meng Dajiang shook his head—”what can I do about you?”

He had been terrified today!

If the old servant hadn’t consumed the Godblood Pill to hold back the Skydemon Sect expert, his son would have died with Qiyue. How could Meng Dajiang not be angry with the Zhou family?

“For every grievance, there is someone responsible for it,” urged Meng Chuan immediately. “This is a principle you taught me.”

“Alright, alright. I can let them off, but I can’t let them off easily. After all, he made use of you and didn’t even tell you.” Meng Dajiang nodded. “Zhou He sent a treasure, a thousand-year-old ginseng. It’s a treasure worth ten thousand taels, and I accepted it. It can be considered that I’ve already let the matter rest. That little fellow, Zhou Qian, needs some punishment too.”

Previously, when Zhou He knelt and apologized, Meng Dajiang couldn’t even be bothered to accept it. The Zhou family’s business combined was only tens of thousands of taels of silver, and the amount of liquid cash they had was even less.

Due to a lucky chance, Zhou He had bought the thousand-year-old ginseng for his son’s Mortal Shedding realm cultivation.

Now that he was using it as an apology gift, Zhou He was afraid that it was not enough.

...

What should I do? What should I do? Zhou He knelt on the ground, with the gift box in front of him. He was covered in a cold sweat. Zhou Qian looked at his father guiltily. “Dad, it’s all my fault.”

“It’s too late to say anything now. He doesn’t even accept the apology gift. Young Master Meng’s father is clearly still angry at our Zhou family,” Zhou He said.

At that moment, Meng Dajiang walked into the hall.

“Elder Meng,” Zhou He knelt on the ground and begged. “It’s my fault for not teaching my son well. You can punish him however you want. My Zhou family will have zero complaints. Please spare my Zhou family.”

“Since my son has pleaded on your behalf,” said Meng Dajiang indifferently, “leave that gift. Take your son back and whip him a hundred times. Whip him until he bleeds. Let him lie in bed and reflect on himself.”

“Yes, yes.” Zhou He was overjoyed. “I would have done so even without you saying that. Zhou Qian, thank Elder Meng for sparing your life.”

“Thank you, Elder Meng.” Zhou Qian knelt and kowtowed.

“Leave quickly.” Meng Dajiang frowned and waved his hand.

Zhou He smiled obsequiously and left with Zhou Qian. Zhou He heaved a sigh of relief when he left Meng Manor.

“Dad, is our Zhou family alright?” Zhou Qian asked.

“It should be fine. He said he wanted you whipped, but to do it ourselves. Clearly, he doesn’t want your life.” Zhou He said coldly, “You have to thank Senior Brother Meng a lot. If he hadn’t pleaded on your behalf, his father wouldn’t have let the matter rest so easily.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: People Resonance (1\/2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Eight days later.

Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

“Young Master, Jadesun Palace sent us a copy of the dossier after they closed the case.” Qian Fang carried twelve thick dossiers over. “I’ve brought all of them here.”

“Uncle Qian, tend to your matters. Just leave the dossier here.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Alright.” Qian Fang placed the thick dossiers there and left.

Meng Chuan picked up the dossier on top and started to read it. It was a brief description of the entire development.

The eight-year-old Ironborn wanted to save his sister, so he begged Zhou Qian. Zhou Qian was stopped by his father, Zhou He, and was unable to rescue her in person. Thus, he sent Ironborn to beg his eldest senior brother, Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan, who had a good relationship with Zhou Qian, interfered in this matter. Yan Jin, on the other hand, had intervened out of anger...

...

After Zhou He learned of the matter, he brought his son to Meng Manor to seek forgiveness. Meng Dajiang was furious, but Meng Chuan pleaded on behalf of his junior brother, thus sparing him...

...

In these few sentences, it describes how close my relationship with Zhou Qian is. It’s as if it was because of him that I went to save Red Rain. I even pleaded for mercy on his behalf so that Father would spare them. Meng Chuan chuckled softly. Zhou He is really smart. He tried his best to hook up with my Meng family, probably because he’s afraid that the Bai family would seek revenge.

He could completely understand.

An ordinary family clan would be terrified when pitted against a Godfiend family like the Bai family. Therefore, they thought up ways to guide the narrative, such as using the siblings’ statement, such as Zhou He’s answers when interrogated by the Jadesun Palace... There was no need to lie. As long as the main points changed slightly, outsiders would believe Meng Chuan’s relationship with Zhou Qian to be extraordinary.

The Bai family would also be fearful, because the person most furious about the situation was Fairy Meng! The Bai family was unwilling to anger the Meng family.

No one wished to really fight a Godfiend who only had six or seven years of life left.

When they found out that Meng Chuan and Zhou Qian had a close relationship, the Bai family no longer bothered dealing with the Zhou family anymore. Dealing with the Zhou family was not beneficial. It was just to vent their anger. Instead, they might anger Meng Chuan and the Meng family.

Hence, the Zhou family managed to escape disaster.

The Zhou family’s Zhou He does have some tricks up his sleeve. It’s just that he’s a little sad. Meng Chuan could tell that the Zhou family was facing a dangerous situation. Taking a step forward led to a precipitous cliff, and a step backward a bottomless abyss! The Zhou family couldn’t afford to offend any of the parties involved—the Bai family, the Meng family, and the Black Wolf Gang... If they were not careful, they would fall to their deaths.

According to the dossier, investigations on the Black Wolf Gang in Idle Stone Garden revealed five people related to the Skydemon Sect. Three were captured alive, one went missing, and the last committed suicide. According to the three’s separate interrogations, the Black Wolf Gang is innocent.

Meng Chuan didn’t find it odd.

There was no need for the Black Wolf Gang to collude with the Skydemon Sect. They would definitely die if they were found out.

After all the Black Wolf Gang higher-ups were captured, their cultivation was probed. None of them cultivated any demonic arts. After investigations, the Black Wolf Gang was determined to be innocent.

As the Black Wolf Gang had violated the Imperial Court’s laws, Gang Leader Liu Chang was sentenced to serve at Qinyang Pass in a suicide squad for three years. The deputy gang leader, Cong You, was sentenced to ten years of hard labor...

As Meng Chuan read, he shook his head gently. The Black Wolf Gang has nothing to do with the Skydemon Sect, but this thorough investigation discovered several things. The leaders naturally can’t escape.

The Black Wolf Gang was quite unlucky.

There were many hooligans among the lackeys in the gang. Even if the gang strictly abided by the rules, the hooligans under them could still commit all kinds of violations.

This time, they had angered the Meng family and Jadesun Palace. Meng Chuan and Yan Jin were seriously injured and were nearly killed by the Skydemon Sect expert. Therefore, the Black Wolf Gang naturally had to take the blame, but the punishment wasn’t too severe.

...

These Godfiend family clans can turn their backs at a moment’s notice. Even after serving as a loyal dog for so many years, they still threw me under the carriage. Thankfully, I have strength at the Seamless realm. I was only sentenced to join a suicide squad in Qinyang Pass. Liu Chang had been escorted to Qinyang Pass. Qinyang Pass was only ninety kilometers from Eastcalm Prefecture City, and nearly all mortal soldiers from the city came here.

Liu Chang even felt a little relieved. Thankfully, I killed Ah Quan. No one knows that I had long suspected something was wrong with Idle Stone Garden. I managed to escape death.

On the way to Qinyang Pass, he was still feeling rather lucky.

I’ll return in three years. Liu Chang turned to glance at Eastcalm Prefecture City. The soldiers escorting him were rather polite. The Black Wolf Gang’s leader was an expert at the Seamless realm after all.

...

Sitting in the training grounds, Meng Chuan flipped through the dossiers about the Bai family.

If the Black Wolf Gang was innocent, then the Bai family was even more innocent. However, the Bai Family couldn’t be completely forgiven since some of their territory had been a lair of the Skydemon Sect. They were punished severely by Jadesun Palace. The upper echelons of the Black Wolf Gang, as well as the Bai family members in the Black Wolf Gang, were all given sentences. They were also fined 500,000 taels of silver, making the Bai family feel the pinch.

And them. Meng Chuan then flipped through other dossiers. Many people were recorded in the dossiers. It recorded the information of the women in Idle Stone Garden.

So it’s all true. These women already signed indenture contracts. They still have to return to the Black Wolf Gang and receive their training. In the future, they will still have to go to the brothels and whorehouses. Meng Chuan shook his head. The Black Wolf Gang wasn’t dismantled. The Bai family arranged for people to take control of the Black Wolf Gang and continue to manage matters. The law protected the indenture contacts the women had signed.

Meng Chuan’s expression changed as he read. Most of those who were forcefully abducted ended up selling themselves to the gang?

Most of those who were abducted by the gang had reasons just like Red Rain—her father owed a huge amount of debt! She was taken to cover the debt. Now, she was released...

But if the debt was not repaid, what could they do?

If they couldn’t repay their debts, they would only owe more money due to the interest. They would ultimately be forced to “voluntarily sell themselves.” For Red Rain’s case, the Black Wolf Gang felt fear towards it. They took the initiative to tear the promissory note and write it off. Only then did their family temporarily escape this calamity. However, Red Rain’s father was a gambling addict. If a gambler continued gambling, he would eventually end up harming his children.

Sometimes, there’s no way to save them. As Meng Chuan read the dossier, he seemed to see one woman after another walking towards Idle Stone Garden.

How could this be? He felt extremely aggrieved watching this. There was no way to save them, as though they were trapped in a quagmire.

Bam!

Meng Chuan threw the dossier away and walked out.

“Ah Chuan, have you eaten lunch?” Liu Qiyue shouted when she saw his back.

“I’m going out for a walk.”

Heading out even at noon. Liu Qiyue mumbled before returning to the hall. She ate with Liu Yebai and Meng Dajiang. Meng Dajiang smiled. “It’s good to let him go out to relax.”

...

Meng Chuan was indeed aggrieved. Zhou He’s cleverness and cunning earned a smile.

He did not sympathize with the Black Wolf Gang’s gang leader, Liu Chang. However, the women, especially those who had been abducted and rescued, had no choice but to head towards the quagmire again.

How did this world turn out like this? Meng Chuan murmured. Suddenly, he saw a restaurant in front of him. At noon, quite a few guests were sitting inside.

“Here, try it. Doesn’t it smell good?” A couple was carrying a child. His father passed the torn white steamed bun to his child, who took a big bite and nodded. “It smells good.”

The couple looked at their son and smiled happily. Both of them were dirty, and their fingers coarse. They clearly did hard labor, but their smiles were very radiant.

At this moment, Meng Chuan was stunned by the couple’s smiles as they looked at their child.

“Come have a drink.” There were four bare-chested men beside the couple. Their skin was glistening with sweat. They held large bowls of alcohol as they chatted loudly; they had completely forgotten about the hardships of their labor.

“Let’s finish eating quickly. We’ll go look for your father after we’re done eating.” An old man was with a girl as he drank some noodle soup. The girl nodded her head, her eyes sparkling with anticipation. “Yes, let’s find Dad.”

Laughter, chatting voices, and hope in their eyes...

Meng Chuan felt his heart lighten significantly after seeing this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: People Resonance (2\/2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

As Meng Chuan walked, he watched street vendors peddling their wares. There were also disciples from the Dao Academies talking as they walked side by side.

“Look, it’s Senior Brother Meng.”

“Senior Brother Meng.” The disciples from Mirror Lake Dao Academy immediately greeted him respectfully.

Along the way, what he saw made him smile. He suddenly saw a crippled old man sitting by the side of the road, leisurely watching the pedestrians on the riverside. Beside him was a fishing pole. He smiled and occasionally inhaled on his smoke pipe.

As a brilliant painter, Meng Chuan observed everything with great precision. He could sense the happiness and carefreeness of the crippled old man. “Satisfaction” overflowed from his body despite being severely handicapped—he was missing one arm and a leg.

His disability is so serious, but he can still enjoy life so comfortably? He looks the worst on this street, but he looks the happiest? Meng Chuan walked over curiously.

“Sir,” Meng Chuan walked over and greeted politely.

“Mmm?”

This crippled old man held the smoke pipe in his single hand and looked over. He couldn’t help but be overjoyed. “Isn’t this Young Master Meng Chuan? For you to speak to an old man like me, I have to tell my wife when I get back.” The elder’s smile was very infectious.

“Elder, may I know why you’re so happy? Is there a joyous occasion?”

“Look, the youths are cultivating their martial arts. The adults are living their lives.” The crippled old man pointed at the streets. “I’m happy to see all of this.”

Meng Chuan was slightly stunned.

“Once upon a time at Qinyang Pass, the demons amassed an army and stormed us under the lead of demon monarchs,” said the crippled elder. “Once they charged in, the entire Eastcalm Prefecture and the surrounding areas were reduced to a scorched land. No one survived. At that time, I was serving at Qinyang Pass. From the Godfiends to every soldier... every one of them fought to the death.”

“The Godfiends fought the demon monarchs.”

“We also fended off every demon. Corpses were strewn everywhere, and my companions died one after another. Companions who were chatting and laughing just last night had fallen the next day. As long as they had one last breath, they would drag the demons into an internecine outcome.” The old man’s eyes were slightly moist as he said with a smile, “Our eyes turned red from the killing. When you discover no more demons around you, there are also not many of your companions left around you.”

“We managed to survive until the other Godfiends’ reinforcements arrived, and we finally managed to hold Qinyang Pass.” The crippled elder laughed. “We managed to protect the lives of more than ten million people in Eastcalm Prefecture. That time, out of the soldiers which were originally 20,000-strong, only 1633 soldiers survived. Only two of the five Godfiends who were guarding Qinyang Pass survived.”

“Why did we risk our lives and not escape despite the desperate situation? It’s because we don’t want to be slaughtered; we don’t want our family and children to be slaughtered... We hoped for them to peacefully cultivate, have plenty of alcohol to drink, and brag. We hoped that they would be able to marry and have children in the future...” The crippled old man laughed. “I come out every day to take a look at the people on the streets, and it reminds me of my fallen companions. Their deaths were worth it.”

“I’m very lucky. 20,000 brothers and sisters, but only 1,633 survived. With me surviving, I can eat meat buns, drink alcohol, fish, and even smoke... Haha... How delightful.” The crippled elder laughed.

Meng Chuan listened quietly. The confusion in his heart was gone. Some so-called miserable families were laughable when compared to the elderly man.

Take the Red Rain siblings, for example. Red Rain was a maidservant in a large family and could earn money to support her family. Her father was addicted to gambling, and who could be blamed for the debt he owed? To say that he had been deceived? Ignoring the possibility of him lying to his son, who was to be blamed for not reading the promissory note carefully?

There are all kinds of humans. Some people choose to abandon themselves to vice. Some people remain smiling radiantly even though they are in an abyss. And the vast majority of people... Meng Chuan glanced at the peddlers on the street. They are full of anticipation, busying themselves for their livelihood.

...

After returning home, Meng Chuan ate lunch and went to the study.

He spread open a canvas and began painting.

He had too many things he wanted to paint.

He first drew one of the places in Eastcalm Prefecture...

...

From this day onwards, other than cultivating, he spent the rest of his time painting.

He painted every day.

From summer to autumn, the painting continued for more than four months. As the autumn leaves turned yellow, the painting finally reached completion.

This was a long canvas scroll—25 feet long.

On the left side of the long scroll was an ancient city—Eastcalm Prefecture City.

The most eye-catching thing was the luxurious Meng family ancestral mansion. Inside, an old woman holding a walking stick stood still. Her entire body radiated a dazzling light, and her aura was terrifying. Next to her were the clan leader, Third Elder, Meng Dajiang, and a large number of clansmen. Meng Chuan drew dozens of people seriously, while the rest of the clansmen were drawn as shadows.

Outside the Meng family ancestral mansion, there was the Black Wolf Gang leader, Liu Chang, who stood there bowing respectfully. Meng Chuan had never seen Liu Chang before. However, Meng Chuan did some caricature, making Liu Chang appear more robust and fiercer. However, in front of the Meng family ancestral mansion, he was extremely respectful and obsequious.

Behind Liu Chang was Zhou He, who was bowing even higher at a deeper angle. Zhou He even gave Liu Chang a fawning smile. His smile was very detailed. Behind Zhou He was the timid Red Rain and Ironborn siblings. The rest of the Eastcalm Prefecture City was filled with many crowds.

Several pitiful women were forced to sell their bodies for their families and were crying as they walked towards Idle Stone Garden. There were also dozens of workers working hard. Among them, there were even those who were crippled and were working with only one hand.

There were also restaurants, teahouses, noodle shops, and other places. There were street vendors and pedestrians along the road. There were gambling addicts and local ruffians... There was also the crippled one-armed man by the side of the river. Beside him was a fishing rod as he smoked a smoke pipe. He chuckled happily as he looked at the streets beside him. He was situated at the rightmost corner of the scroll, taking in the entire painting.

Meng Chuan drew hundreds of Eastcalm City’s commoners in this picture.

The highlight was the Dao Academy.

In the Dao Academy drawn by Meng Chuan, there were children, youths, and teenagers who were cultivating hard. Dean Ge Yu was drinking and giving pointers. The Dao Academy was located on the leftmost side of Eastcalm City, and there was a sun rising beside it. This group of disciples from the Dao Academy represented the rising sun of Eastcalm City—its hope.

However, on the rightmost side of Eastern City.. Outside the city, a group of young men dressed in Dao Academy clothes... left Eastcalm City under the watch of their parents and family for another area.

On the rightmost side of the entire portrait, was a border stained with blood.

There was a Godfiend and demon monarch fighting. The Godfiend was Fairy Meng, and the demon monarch was a snake demon monarch that flew high in the sky.

Along the border, countless soldiers were fighting the demons. Most of the soldiers were drawn simply, but some faces were drawn carefully.

For example, among the soldiers, there was his father—Meng Dajiang—Dean Ge Yu, Clan Leader, Third Elder, Yun Fu’an, Liu Chang, Zhou He... Although these people had different identities in Eastcalm Prefecture City, they had a common identity here—human soldiers fighting demons!

It’s done. After painting the last character—a one-armed warrior stabbing a sword into a demon’s head—the warrior was the crippled old man. His gaze was fixed on the demon, but it was as if he was looking at the leftmost part of the painting—the peaceful Eastcalm City.

The entire painting conveyed the things Meng Chuan wanted to express.

For instance, the Black Wolf Gang’s leader, Liu Chang, was afraid of the Godfiend families, but he made some wealthy merchants fear him.

Zhou He could amass many servants under him with one domineering command, but he had many fears.

Meng Dajiang and the others had a high status, but they had also engaged in a bloody battle at the border for years.

Godfiends were high and mighty. They were the backbone of humanity. They needed to protect the entire human race.

As for the entire painting, there were many ordinary people who were from all walks of life. The women from Idle Stone Garden were just a small selection of countless commoners. Although these ordinary people were weak, they took up the greatest numbers in the painting. They were protected by Godfiends, but they were also the foundation of the human race. Only countless ordinary people over generations could give rise to Godfiends. As a result, the human race never ceased to exist.

The entire painting showed all the different people. Even though he had only drawn the tip of the iceberg of the human race, he still revealed the reason for humanity’s survival.

On the upper right corner of the painting, Meng Chuan wrote two words: “People Resonance”.

People.

There were many people here: Fairy Meng, Meng Dajiang, Third Elder, Liu Chang, Zhou He, the crippled elder, Ge Yu, and so on... The characters were them, and also not them.

I’m done painting. Meng Chuan sat on the chair, feeling extremely satisfied.

He had always liked painting since he was young.

This was because he liked to observe this world. He liked to use his brush to record down what he could see. In the early days, he drew what was on the surface, and they were very vivid. Later on, when he drew Gallant Steed, he could draw the charm of horses. It was as if the horses were alive. Therefore, even those who didn’t appreciate art would still feel shocked when they saw the painting. They were willing to pay a high price to buy it. At that time, he was the best artist in Eastcalm Prefecture.

And today... he had reached another level.

He drew his “heart!”

He drew out the strong emotions in his heart and fused them into the painting. The moment he finished, a great sense of accomplishment and satisfaction filled his heart.

People. Meng Chuan closed his eyes and smiled.

The immense spiritual satisfaction made his head spin.

But he didn’t know something was happening in the area between his eyebrows, within his consciousness.

A blurry human-shaped soul slowly began to coalesce. In the past four months of painting People Resonance, the human-shaped soul had slowly started emitting a spiritual light, causing the human-shaped soul to constantly condense. When the painting was finished, it caused great perfection in his heart. This human-shaped soul was finally able to reach its limits—and with a boom—it completely turned corporeal, revealing its true appearance.

At this moment, Meng Chuan felt his head spinning.

Following that, he “saw” as though he was cultivating Quintessential Energy inner sight. His consciousness “saw” a vast void between his eyebrows. There was a figure standing in this space. It was himself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: Transformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan was shocked.

What is this? All I know is that three inches below the navel is the dantian. The dantian is where one can nurture Quintessential Energy. Why is there an empty space between my eyebrows? And this little person inside looks exactly the same as me? Meng Chuan was puzzled, but he also had some guesses. Since this little person looks the same as me, could it be the soul of man spoken of in legends? Or is it formed by my mind and will? Or is it something unknown?

The manuals in Mirror Lake Dao Academy are distributed from Archean Mountain. My Meng family’s manuals have been gathered over a thousand years. My knowledge of cultivation is pretty complete.

I’ve read all the manuals consisting of general knowledge a long time ago. I’ve never seen any records about a space between the eyebrows. Meng Chuan was puzzled. He liked to read. And as a child from a Godfiend family clan, he was quite knowledgeable. But even then, he had never heard of a space between the eyebrows. There was even a tiny person hiding inside.

Although he was surprised, Meng Chuan had an inkling that this was a good thing.

He could already feel entirely new changes occurring in his body.

This is such a wonderful feeling. When he closed his eyes, he could still easily avoid the items in the study as he walked. He opened the door with great ease and walked out. He kept his eyes closed and walked to the stone table in the courtyard before sitting on a stone chair.

Even when I close my eyes, I can still see everything within a hundred feet. Meng Chuan opened his eyes. It was already night, and objects around him looked very blurry under the naked eye. However, at this moment, he could sense everything within a hundred feet clearly. He could even “see” the tiny bristles on an ant’s legs while it crawled on a courtyard wall.

In every direction—left, right, up, and down—he could see things clearly. However, things became blurry once he exceeded three feet below the ground.

The naked eye could see ahead, but not behind! If it was pitch black, it would be impossible to see anything.

I can see a hundred feet clearly. Additionally, I can sense up to half a kilometer around me.

Sitting in the yard, he could clearly sense all auras within half a kilometer. The auras of humans and animals—all living beings—could be sensed.

For example, his father and Uncle Liu’s auras were the strongest in the entire Meng Manor. His father, Meng Dajiang, had an extremely strong aura. Uncle Liu Yebai’s aura was more ethereal.

The weaker ones were a group of people at the Mortal Shedding realm. Qiyue’s aura was the purest.

In all of Mirror Lake Meng Manor as well as places outside Meng Manor... The further he went, the more blurry it became.

Just like in broad daylight, without any obstruction, one could see into the distance with the naked eye. However, one could only see a blurry outline if they were far away!

Meng Chuan’s sense was the same! He could sense things nearby very clearly. If it was further away, he could only tell how many people and animals there were, which auras were stronger, and which were weaker. That was all.

If he exceeded half a kilometer... it would be darkness! He couldn’t sense anything.

Now, everything in the world looks different. Meng Chuan opened his eyes and looked at the various plants in the yard. The minute details within a hundred feet were simply breathtaking. He felt like the things he usually looked at were veiled by fog—blurry. Now, everything was a hundred times clearer! The colors he saw were much more vivid. He could now see many tiny, weathered pits on the stone tables that appeared flat and smooth.

Previously, if he were to look at hair, he would have found it very smooth and thin. But now, he could “see” the coarseness of the hair like it was a tree branch, with many rough spots and damaged parts.

Everything felt more real.

Swoosh.

He drew his saber and slashed into the sky. Meng Chuan looked at the strike he delivered and felt excited.

In the past, I couldn’t see any flaws in a strike, finding it perfect... Now, I can actually see so many imperfections? Meng Chuan muttered. In the past, he had used his naked eye to look at the saber flash. Due to the strike’s high speeds, he vaguely caught glimpses of it no matter how strong he was. He thought the saber move was good enough! Now that he could sense it, the saber flash revealed flaws and imperfections. Its trajectory was also a hundred times clearer.

Every single flaw of the saber art was extremely clear. This allowed Meng Chuan to discover the imperfections of his saber art immediately.

As someone obsessed with painting, his pursuit of beauty was instinctual. He was unable to control himself due to the imperfection and disharmony.

I’ll continue training the Saber Drawing Stance. Meng Chuan began to practice the Saber Drawing Stance. His body transformed into a stream of light as he slashed out with his saber.

Only by discovering that it wasn’t perfect could he continue to improve.

One slash after another...

He worked hard to perfect every strike.

Two hours, four hours...

Meng Chuan didn’t feel tired at all. Instead, he was excited. He felt the flaws in his saber art disappearing. Even under his “sense,” the saber art was slowly being perfected.

Swoosh.

Another Saber Drawing Stance. The saber beam was like a crescent moon. It stirred the Heaven and Earth powers slightly, causing the saber beam to flash in a fleeting, dreamlike-manner.

Meng Chuan’s movements were fifty percent faster than usual. He felt like he was flying, almost as if the wind was lifting him. In a blink of an eye, he could travel more than thirty feet. He stopped in his tracks, but his heart was burning. I sense the existence of “Force.” I’m just a tiny step away from it.

Ever since I reached the Unity realm, I’ve been slicing apart arrows eight thousand times a day. I’ve cultivated diligently for more than a year and a half, and today, I finally felt “Force.”

I will definitely make a breakthrough in a few days. Meng Chuan felt that tonight was truly wonderful.

Every day, he cleaved apart eight thousand flying arrows with the Saber Drawing Stance, seeking to cleave apart the flying arrows earlier and moving the marks on the tree higher. With his feelings being infused into his favorite saber art, and an incomparably robust foundation... The effects of Meng Chuan’s cultivation for the 18 months was actually excellent because he had a direction to work towards. It was probably more efficient than the training the ancient Godfiend, Deng Feng, had done back in his day.

In the past year and a half, he wasn’t too far away from comprehending “Force.” Although the closer one was to a bottleneck, the slower one’s growth was, Meng Chuan’s comprehension of “Force” would be a given if he continued diligently cultivating for another year or so.

But tonight’s transformation made his saber arts take another step forward and instantly touch “Force.”

A breakthrough was naturally much closer.

...

It was still pitch-black. It was fifteen minutes past four in the morning.

The Eastcalm Prefecture City morning bell sounded. Many people who came to the city for business were already waiting outside the city gates.

Rumble! The gates to Eastcalm Prefecture City opened. The hawkers who carried their goods entered the city one after another, followed by laborers. At this moment, two figures were amongst the crowd, easily entering the city.

The two entered the city, and a fatty wearing a hat chuckled. “We haven’t been to the prefecture city for half a year. Brother, we must have fun. Living in the mountains was such torture.”

“Alright, alright, let’s get down to business first. Convert those treasures into banknotes! After we’re done with business, we’ll have time to have fun. We’ll return to the fort after ten days of fun,” said another bearded man.

...

After practicing his saber arts the entire night, Meng Chuan finally stopped.

He had cultivated from night to dawn without feeling mentally tired, but he was physically exhausted. He had cultivated for more than eight hours, and his stomach was rumbling.

He first brushed his teeth and washed his face before having breakfast.

Gulp! Gulp! Meng Chuan held a huge bowl of porridge and took a few large mouthfuls before leisurely taking a bite of some pastry.

When he was done eating three large pieces of pastry, his father, Meng Dajiang, walked into the hall and laughed. “Chuan’er, you are having breakfast rather early today.”

“It’s about the same.” Meng Chuan nodded and enjoyed the meal. “Oh yeah, Dad, I have something to tell you later.”

“You aren’t telling me at the meal table? You have to wait till after?” Meng Dajiang laughed. “You’re being mysterious.”

Meng Chuan smiled and said to a maidservant, “Another bowl of porridge.”

“Yes, Young Master.” The maidservant immediately left to fill a bowl with porridge.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: Visiting Grandaunt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“Tell me, what exactly is the matter? Why are you being so secretive?” Meng Dajiang came to the training grounds and sat down. The training grounds were spacious and empty. With nobody near them, there was no fear of eavesdroppers.

“Dad.” Standing there, Meng Chuan pointed at his glabella and asked in a low voice, “Have you heard of an empty space in between the eyebrows?” Meng Chuan really wanted to figure out what the space between his eyebrows was. If he didn’t know a thing, he might one day engage in some sort of forbidden cultivation and suffer.

In terms of trust, there was no doubt that Meng Chuan trusted his father the most!

“There’s space between our eyebrows?” Meng Dajiang was puzzled. “Chuan’er, I don’t quite understand what you mean.”

“Just like our dantian,” said Meng Chuan. “Our dantian is filled with an empty void that can nourish our Quintessential Energy. It’s the same for the space behind the glabella. There’s also a space there, and there’s even a tiny person hiding inside.”

“I don’t know, I’ve never heard of it.” Meng Dajiang shook his head. “Chuan’er, why did you suddenly ask this? Where did you hear it from?”

“It’s not hearsay.” Meng Chuan said solemnly, “It’s because I can inwardly see a space between my eyebrows. The void is vast, and there’s a tiny translucent person inside. That person looks identical to me.”

Meng Dajiang’s pupils constricted. “How do you feel?” Meng Dajiang pressed.

“Very good, very good,” said Meng Chuan. “I feel like I have been reborn. When I close my eyes, I can sense everything within a hundred feet. I can even clearly sense the presence of ants and the bristles on their legs. Within half a kilometer radius, I can sense the auras of all life. I can even sense the auras of those cats and dogs.”

“You can ‘see’ everything within a hundred feet around you even with your eyes closed? You can sense an area of half a kilometer?” Meng Dajiang found it inexplicable. “Chuan’er, did you obtain some special cultivation formula that you are secretly cultivating?”

“No.” Shaking his head, Meng Chuan said, “I’ve never touched any other formulas. After I was done painting yesterday, I felt a little dizzy. Then, I saw the space between my eyebrows through my inner sight.”

“It sounds good, but it might be dangerous. Don’t be careless,” said Meng Dajiang. “Let’s go and meet your grandaunt.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded.

...

Fairy Meng was heavily injured, and she did not have many days left to live. She cared the most about Meng Chuan since he was the Meng family’s hope.

To use all the family clan’s treasures to exchange for a drop of the Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid, and to transfer all the credit she had accumulated to Meng Chuan’s name willingly showed how important he was to her. It could be said that for Meng Chuan’s sake, she could even sacrifice her life.

Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan trusted her deeply.

Inside the ancestral mansion.

“Grandaunt,” greeted Meng Chuan respectfully.

“Meng Chuan, why are you here?” Sitting in the yard, Fairy Meng put down her book and said with a smile, “You practice eight thousand repetitions of the Saber Drawing Stance every day. It’s rare for you to come to me so early in the morning.”

Meng Dajiang immediately said, “Something special happened to Chuan’er.”

“Special?” Fairy Meng’s heart tightened as she asked, “What is it?”

“Grandaunt, I looked at myself inwardly last night and discovered a space between my eyebrows. It’s similar to the space in the dantian. There’s a space between my eyebrows, and there’s a tiny person inside. It looks exactly like me.”

Fairy Meng’s expression changed slightly. “A space between your brows? I’ve never heard of it before either.”

“Aunt, you haven’t heard of it before either?” Meng Dajiang was shocked.

Fairy Meng had been a Godfiend for about eighty years. She had quite a number of Godfiend friends, so her knowledge was naturally much comprehensive. Yet, Fairy Meng had never heard of the matter regarding the glabella space. It was unbelievable.

This meant that it was very rare! Extremely rare!

“Don’t be anxious. Meng Chuan, what changes did you experience after you discovered the space between your eyebrows?” inquired Fairy Meng.

“Chuan’er said that when he closes his eyes, he can clearly see the surrounding hundred feet. Even an ant’s legs and the bristles on them can be seen clearly. Furthermore, he can sense all living creatures’ auras within half a kilometer.” Meng Dajiang explained as Meng Chuan nodded.

“Close your eyes and see a hundred feet? You can sense half a kilometer?” Fairy Meng was puzzled. “Have you released your Quintessential Energy?”

“I haven’t figured out ‘Force’ yet, so I can’t release my Quintessential Energy,” said Meng Chuan.

“I know you are unable to release your Quintessential Energy.” Fairy Meng shook her head. “I’m also good at reconnaissance. I can probe five kilometers with a thought, but that’s because of my Godfiend body. Furthermore, I can only probe five kilometers through a special formula that depends on releasing Quintessential Energy. As for you, you didn’t use any methods to sense aura within half a kilometer of you. I’ve never seen or heard of it before.”

Meng Chuan was confused.

“You can detect my aura?” inquired Fairy Meng.

“Grandaunt...” Meng Chuan could see Fairy Meng’s clothes on the surface with his naked eyes, but when he closed his eyes, he felt like Fairy Meng had become a humanoid sun. The terrifying aura made it difficult for him to see her clearly.

“Grandaunt, your aura is too strong. I can’t see it clearly,” said Meng Chuan. “However, your aura is stronger than all other living beings’ aura within half a kilometer combined. I can sense it, and it’s as dazzling as the sun. It’s hard to look directly at it, but it’s extremely eye-catching.”

Fairy Meng thought for a moment and softly said, “I have never heard of the glabella space, but I’ve heard of something.”

Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan listened carefully.

“Humans have souls. You should have heard of them,” said Fairy Meng.

“Yes,” Meng Chuan and his father tersely answered. The soul’s existence was common knowledge.

“But do you know where the soul is?” asked Fairy Meng.

The two shook their heads.

“I heard from a good friend that a soul is located in the sea of consciousness,” said Fairy Meng. “A soul takes human form and is identical to one’s physical body. Back then, I asked about the whereabouts of the sea of consciousness. Back then, he only pointed at his head and said that he didn’t know much about it either. He only knew that this is related to more powerful Godfiend cultivation.”

“The soul is related to even more powerful Godfiend cultivation?” Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan were deep in thought.

“The space between the eyebrows sounds very similar to the sea of consciousness,” said Fairy Meng. “It just so happens that this tiny person is also in human form, and identical to your physical body. It might be your soul.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

“Of course, this is just my guess,” said Fairy Meng. “It might be true, or it might be wrong. You can’t fully trust me on that.”

Meng Chuan nodded, but he already felt like he had gained a lot. It turned out that people had seas of consciousness and souls within the sea of consciousness. This was related to more powerful Godfiend cultivation.

“Both of you have to keep this matter a secret. If it’s truly a joyous matter, that will be great. If it’s exposed... there might be trouble,” said Fairy Meng.

“That’s right,” said Meng Dajiang. “If there are truly supreme geniuses, the Skydemon Sect would think of ways to assassinate them.”

The Skydemon Sect was selfish and was only concerned about their own interests.

However, if a peerless, earthshaking genius appeared, the demons would reward them if a successful assassination was carried out. This was enough to prompt the Skydemon Sect into risking their lives to assassinate him.

There were ultimately too few geniuses who could be considered earthshaking, ones that could influence the overall situation between the humans and demons. For people like Mei Yuanzhi, the Skydemon Sect didn’t even care... He hadn’t even succeeded in passing the initial entrance assessment at Archean Mountain, spelling out clearly what Mei Yuanzhi’s threat was. If his luck was a little bad, he might die on the battlefield and not even become a Godfiend. A so-called genius like Meng Chuan, who hadn’t figured out “Force,” could only be considered dazzling in Eastcalm Prefecture. The demons didn’t pay him any attention.

“All you need to do is keep it a secret and continue your cultivation as per normal. Then, you can enter Archean Mountain,” said Fairy Meng. “Archean Mountain is the most ancient land of cultivation. Once you enter Archean Mountain and read the books it has, I believe you will know the secrets about the glabella space.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“That’s right. Keep it a secret. Cultivate well,” said Meng Dajiang.

“You should figure out ‘Force’ as soon as possible,” said Fairy Meng. “The sooner you figure it out, the better. It’s best if you can succeed in Core Condensation. The deeper one’s accumulation, the greater the chances of entering Archean Mountain. That Mei Yuanzhi gained insight into ‘Force’ at 20. Although he took a gamble... the chances of success were slim. In the end, he failed. You will need to figure out ‘Force’ by the age of nineteen. Your chances of entering Archean Mountain will increase with an additional year of preparation and robust Godfiend foundation.

Meng Chuan really wanted to say that he was confident that he could achieve “Force” within the next few days. But having not achieved it yet, he felt that it would appear as though he was bragging.

I’ll tell Dad and Grandaunt after I figure out “Force.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: Blood Cloud Bandits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“Don’t randomly experiment with the glabella space,” said Fairy Meng. “A random attempt might allow you to discover all sorts of benefits, but it might also bring about an irreversible problem. Leave everything to nature.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

“Let nature take its course. In your cultivation, you will naturally be able to grasp a portion of its uses,” said Fairy Meng with a smile. “This is the safest method. Once you enter Archean Mountain and find manuals regarding it, you will understand how to use it completely.”

“Yes, Grandaunt,” Meng Chuan replied respectfully. This was also the reason why he asked his father and grandaunt about this. It was an unknown power. Without the experiences of his predecessors, experimenting on his own would be too dangerous!

Now that he had the confidence to grasp Force in a short period, there was no need to take the risk.

“Also, you have to keep the glabella space a secret.” Fairy Meng swept her gaze across the father and son. “We definitely can’t tell anyone else.”

“Yes,” the father and son replied.

...

After visiting his grandaunt, Meng Chuan returned to Mirror Lake Meng Manor and continued with his eight thousand repetitions of the Saber Drawing Stance.

In the training grounds.

A guard with a crossbow stood on the tree branch and aimed at the ground.

As he stood dozens of feet away, Meng Chuan’s saber remained inside the scabbard.

This feeling is completely different from the past. Meng Chuan could clearly sense the movements of the guard on the tree. The guard first looked at his young master, and the muscles in his hands began to tense up. Then, he pulled the trigger with his finger. During the process of pulling the trigger, Meng Chuan clearly sensed the moment the arrow inside the crossbow was fired.

Whoosh.

The moment the guard’s fingers moved, Meng Chuan’s figure flashed.

When the flying arrow flew out, a blade beam streaked across the air, hitting the red dot on the arrow shaft.

“Ah!” The guard jumped in fright as the saber beam flew at him. It came very close to the repeating crossbow in his hand.

“This, this...” The guard was frightened. Even the other guards and servants who were watching were shocked.

Had the arrow been sliced the moment it was fired? The distance was too close.

Warriors also had reaction times. Average reaction times allowed a flying arrow to fly some distance.

“This is a prediction.” Seeing how shocked the guards were, Meng Chuan casually made up a reason. “Ma San shot this crossbow countless times. When I predicted that he would fire the arrow, I immediately attacked... Indeed, the moment the flying arrow flew out, I immediately hit it.”

“Young Master, that’s amazing.”

“Young Master, your prediction is really accurate.” Everyone praised him.

Meng Chuan smiled.

Predictions required rich experience and also some luck. This was because a powerful warrior’s actions were blurry under the naked eye. For example, how long would a Marrow Cleansing guard take to pull the trigger? Besides, with the robe and tree branches concealing him, even if one could vaguely see the guard’s actions with the naked eye, it would be too late to act.

Meng Chuan was different.

He was able to “sense” everything in an extremely detailed manner. The changes in the guard’s gaze and how he prepared to pull the trigger... everything was extremely clear.

There was no need to predict; he could attack the moment he “saw” it.

If that’s the case, I’ll be able to hit an arrow every time it flies out. It’ll be hard for me to train my saber arts. Hmm, I have to set rules for myself. I have to wait until the arrow is released before attacking. He made up his mind. He had always pursued speed and accuracy when it came to the Saber Drawing Stance!

“Again,” Meng Chuan instructed.

“Yes.” Ma San immediately composed himself. It had been terrifying to see the saber beam fly past him.

Swoosh.

He fired another flying arrow. Meng Chuan still saw the entire process clearly. However, he only drew his saber and attacked when the arrow was shot out.

With his movement technique, the ethereal saber beam had already sliced through the red spot on the arrow shaft. The saber beam landed on the tree trunk wrapped in metal and left a mark.

Young Master didn’t make any predictions. Only then did the guards and servants calm down. This was normal! This was how their young master had attacked in the past when he did eight thousand daily repetitions of the Saber Drawing Stance.

He had started his daily repetitions of the Saber Drawing Stance a little later today because he had gone to the ancestral mansion. It would probably be afternoon by the time he finished.

...

Eastcalm Prefecture. At an ordinary residence.

A fat man wearing a hat and a bearded man came to the door and knocked on it.

The door opened, and a simian-looking man glanced outside. He immediately smiled and said, “Second Lord Zhao, please come in.”

“Mm.” The bearded man responded tersely. With a smile, the fat man followed behind his second brother.

The simian-looking man led the two into the residence and arrived at a hall.

“Brother Zhao.” A silver-haired elder in the hall smiled as he cupped his hands together. A subordinate stood behind him.

“Have the stewards received all my goods?” The bearded man sat down casually, while the fat man sat to his side.

“We received them. I received the goods in three batches. According to the 50% discount, it will be 16,800 taels of silver. Rounding up, it’ll be 17,000 taels of silver,” said the silver-haired elder with a smile. “Brother Zhao, are you satisfied?”

The bearded man nodded slightly. “Those are ordinary goods. I still have a few valuable goods.”

“Please, do tell.” The silver-haired elder’s eyes lit up.

“The first one is a jade horse.” The bearded man took out a wooden box. When the wooden box was opened, a jade horse placed on its side could be seen. The jade horse was slightly bigger than his palm and was milky-white and warm. However, the white jade horse’s surface strangely emitted a red luster.

“This is an ornament that’s carved from top-grade jade. It should be something that a Godfiend treasured. It might have been placed on a Godfiend’s desk. After spending a long time together, the aura of a Godfiend has already been infused into it.” The silver-haired elder nodded slightly. “It’s not very helpful for cultivation, but it’s indeed a rare item. I can give you 5,000 taels of silver for it.”

“5,500 taels,” said the bearded man.

“Alright, as you wish, Brother Zhao. 5,500 taels.” The silver-haired elder laughed.

Following that were the second, third, and fourth treasures. Together, they cost a total of 20,000 taels of silver. Each item was rare.

“This is the last item. This is a real treasure,” said the bearded man seriously. As he spoke, he took off his coat and robe. He then took out the mysterious item wrapped in cotton cloth.

The silver-haired elder observed carefully.

The bearded man unwrapped the cotton cloth, and immediately, a rich, domineering aura emanated.

“A Godfiend aura? Could it be a Godfiend legacy?” The silver-haired elder had some guesses, but when he saw the item within, he frowned. “It’s so small? Why aren’t there any words?”

This was a broken piece of black metal. It was only the size of a palm. Even an ordinary page of a Godfiend legacy would be the size of normal paper.

“What is this?” asked the silver-haired elder.

“I don’t know.”

The big-bearded man said, “This black metal piece doesn’t have any words on its surface. It doesn’t have any moves. At the same time, it’s damaged as well. However... the Godfiend aura it emanates is extremely domineering. It’s much stronger than the remnant pages of ordinary Godfiend legacies.”

“Perhaps it’s a tiny fragment of a Godfiend weapon,” said the silver-haired elder with a smile. “I’m willing to offer 3,000 taels.”

“It can’t be a weapon.” The bearded man shook his head. “It’s very flat, like a piece of paper. I can’t imagine any weapon to have such a fragment.”

“Have you tried accepting the legacy?” asked the silver-haired elder.

Godfiend legacies allowed one to immerse themselves within to see the moves of Godfiends. It passed on the legacy through intent.

For example, the remnant page of the Godfiend saber art Third Elder had given Meng Chuan was a legacy passed down through intent.

“No.” The bearded man shook his head. “The few Seamless realm experts in our fort have tried all methods, but none have worked.”

“Then this isn’t a Godfiend legacy,” said the silver-haired elder with a smile. “Although the Godfiend aura is extremely dense, I won’t offer more than 5,000 taels for an item that doesn’t have any use—even if it’s related to Godfiends.”

“100,000 taels of silver,” said the bearded man. “Not one penny less.”

“100,000 taels?” The silver-haired elder widened his eyes. “A true Godfiend legacy’s fragmentary page does cost more than 100,000 taels. However, you are unable to accept the legacy at all. You don’t even know what it is. Why would you ask for such a high price?”

“Firstly, the Blood Cloud Bandits paid quite a sizable price for this black metal piece. Secondly, given its extremely powerful Godfiend aura, it must be extraordinary,” the bearded man said. “100,000 taels was a price set by my elder brother. If you want it, you have to pay 100,000 taels.”

“Wait here. Let me ask my master,” said the silver-haired elder as he nodded at his subordinate.

“Alright.” The bearded man and the fat man waited patiently.

Soon—

An elegant man walked over.

“Brother Zhao.” The elegant man smiled as he nodded. At the same time, he glanced at the black metal piece and hesitated. “Can I take a look?”

“Sure.” The bearded man nodded.

The elegant man gently stroked the black metal piece after he held it in hand. After looking at it for a long time, he said, “Indeed, the aura of a Godfiend is extremely strong, but it’s very likely a fragment of a powerful Godfiend’s personal belongings. It might not be of any use at all. I can offer 20,000 taels of silver at most for the gamble.”

“I’ve already said that it’s 100,000 taels, nothing less,” said the bearded man.

“Then there’s nothing we can do about that.” The elegant man shook his head gently.

“Sure.”

The big-bearded man nodded with a smile. “We will stay in Eastcalm Prefecture for a few days. If you change your mind, you can find us again. You know very well how to find us.”

“Alright.” The elegant man nodded.

“This is the 38,000 taels of silver in banknotes that we previously agreed on.” The silver-haired elder placed a stack of silver notes there. The bearded man flipped through them after taking them. Each note had a face value of 1000 taels of silver, so there were a total of 38 notes.

“It’s time for us to leave. There’s no need to send us off.” The bearded man led the fat man away.

The elegant man watched them leave before he frowned, and said, “Butler Fang, quickly draw the black metal piece and make it look identical. After you’re done, we’ll visit the Branch Master.”

“Yes,” the silver-haired elder replied respectfully.

The elegant man pondered. The Branch Master might be able to identify what that treasure is.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: Power of the Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

At the Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Meng Chuan only finished his 8000 Saber Drawing Stance repetitions in the afternoon due to his visit to his grandaunt in the morning.

After lunch, he rested for two hours. Only then did he start his second training in his daily routine: defensive saber arts and movement techniques!

“Fire,” a servant commanded.

Immediately, ten Mortal Shedding realm experts fired simultaneously! Following that was a second unit, then a third unit.

Three units of experts continuously shot arrows.

As Meng Chuan’s Godfiend foundation grew more robust, his strength was rising. The arrows shot out by Marrow Cleansing realm guards were like cotton to him. Therefore, the Meng family spared no expense to gather thirty experts at the Mortal Shedding realm to help in his training. Fortunately, the Meng family had many members, so the thirty experts included Meng family members other than the original guards. Every afternoon, they would come and help him for an hour.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! One arrow after another shot out.

Meng Chuan stood there, finding it very magical. He could clearly see the dark red patterns on each of the Scarletblood Blackiron arrow shafts. Every single arrow’s trajectory and the collisions between them didn’t escape Meng Chuan’s notice.

Nothing could hide from him within a hundred feet.

Meng Chuan took a step to the left and stood still. Nine arrows flew past him, and some arrows flew past the edges of his hair while others flew past his waist. Only one arrow flew towards his chest; he swung his saber and deflected the arrow with ease.

Meng Chuan just needed one step to the left and one deflection to deal with ten arrows.

It’s so easy. Meng Chuan stood in a circle that was about ten feet in diameter and did not move very quickly. However, the arrows flew past him without touching him. He would only wave his saber occasionally.

“What’s going on?”

“Why is Young Master looking so relaxed?” The thirty experts were also shocked.

I know the trajectory of the arrows the moment they are fired. I can immediately figure out which spots are safe. Meng Chuan found this very strange. It was as if everything in a hundred-foot radius was his domain. He could easily predict all the trajectories, making it extremely easy to dodge the arrows.

“Stop,” Meng Chuan suddenly shouted.

The thirty Mortal Shedding realm experts also stopped to look at Meng Chuan.

“Move forward twenty feet.”

“Twenty feet?” One of the Meng family members said hurriedly. “This distance is too close. We are only fifty feet away from you. You won’t have time to react if we shoot at such a close range. In my opinion, we should start by shrinking the distance by ten feet.”

“It’s fine. Let’s try it out first,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Listen to me, shrink the distance by twenty feet.”

Nobody refuted Young Master Meng’s words. After all, there were no arrowheads, and they were wrapped in cloth. Nothing could happen.

Whoosh! The thirty Mortal Shedding realm experts immediately walked forward twenty feet.

“Fire.”

The crossbow triggers were pulled, and arrows pierced through the air.

Their strength was simply too great. The weaker guards could muster up to 2,500 kilograms of strength, and the stronger guards could muster almost 5,000 kilograms of strength. One could imagine how fast their arrows were.

At such a short distance, even though Meng Chuan could sense everything within a hundred feet and his Lightning Divine Body was extremely fast, he instantly felt the pressure!

Previously, he had been so relaxed because he had been able to determine the safer areas. This sort of “determining” happened extremely quickly, but it still required some time. At such a close range, Meng Chuan didn’t have time to determine the safe areas calmly. He had to rely on his instincts and his movement technique to dodge or fend off the arrows with his saber art. Everything relied on instinct.

They were too close! There was no time to think!

Dodge!

Block!

Under this pressure, he relied on his 100-foot domain to dodge with all his might. However, there were still arrows that he couldn’t block or dodge.

An arrow shot towards his lower abdomen.

Block! Meng Chuan wanted to block it, but he was too slow. He watched the arrow about to hit his abdomen.

Whoosh.

Under his intense desire to dodge, an invisible force surged into his saber. His saber instantly moved a little faster. With a “pfft,” he blocked the arrow.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Arrows rained down, fast and furious.

Faster, faster. Meng Chuan tried his best to dodge.

Boom!

The invisible force merged into every part of his body.

Dong! Dong! Dong! His heart beat loudly, and his organs turned extremely clear. Blood flowed like a river, and every muscle in his body was clearly visible.

In an instant, his perception and control over his body had become much greater.

His body, mind, and technique became one! He unleashed the potential of his body.

At that moment, his fusion of body, mind, and technique reached a profound state. His heart pumped blood, and all his organs were operating at their limits. His muscles also erupted with strength as his Quintessential Energy perfectly circulated. In an instant, every operation and circulation in his body was perfect, and his ability to utilize potential was much greater than before.

Swoosh.

He instantly felt his body become much lighter and more agile. He easily dodged the arrows. If he was willing, he could raise his pure speed by a great deal.

This feeling is simply too wonderful. I almost feel omnipotent. The refined control over his body had Meng Chuan slightly entranced. However, the invisible force that was fusing into his entire body was also draining him intensely.

In just a few seconds, he felt dizzy.

“Stop!” Meng Chuan shouted immediately.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

There were still three arrows that hit him. He grimaced in pain.

“Impressive.” The Mortal Shedding experts who had been shooting arrows were dumbfounded. They had fired seven consecutive times at such a close distance. Yet, Meng Chuan had actually blocked all the arrows only to be hit by three arrows at the end.

“Truly impressive.”

“This movement technique is extremely strange. Despite all these arrows, none of them managed to hit you.”

“It did eventually, though.”

“It’s already very impressive that he could dodge them. Meng Chuan must have figured out some powerful movement technique, but it seems like he hasn’t fully figured it out yet. In the end, he was hit in succession.” The Mortal Shedding experts were both impressed and delighted. Most of them were members of the Meng family, while the rest of them had served the Meng family for a long time. The more powerful Meng Chuan was, the prouder they were.

“That’s all for today. I want to reflect on my cultivation,” Meng Chuan said.

“Yes.” Everyone smiled in response.

“Young Master’s movement technique has improved tremendously. He should have gained some insight.”

“Cultivation is very important. It is also very important for one to comprehend it in silence.” They chatted excitedly as they left. The servants were also dismissed. Meng Chuan was the only person left in the training grounds.

What kind of strength was that just now? Meng Chuan was a little excited.

Just now, I was using all my strength to block that arrow since I was in a dire situation. There was actually an invisible force that infused into my saber art, raising its might by 50 percent. Not only that, the invisible force fused with my entire body when I was dodging the rest of the arrows. The feeling of having such control over my body was simply too wonderful. My strength instantly increased to a whole new level.

The fusion of body, mind, and technique provided a surge in strength, speed, and the perfect circulation of Quintessential Energy. Most importantly, he hadn’t suffered any injuries at all. All he did was unleash more of his body’s potential.

This invisible force is invisible to the naked eye, but it appeared due to my intense will. Is it related to the glabella space? Meng Chuan had some guesses. When the invisible force is fused with the saber, the energy expenditure isn’t that great. However, when it merges with my body, the consumption is ten times greater. I could barely last a few seconds.

But this is already very strong. Meng Chuan couldn’t forget the wonderful feeling of having such control over his body. This power is mysterious and unknown. I’ll temporarily call it the “Power of the Soul.”

...

In a deep underground tunnel at night.

The elegant man led the silver-haired elder. Soon, they saw a huge door. Pushing it open revealed an empty hall. There were two maidservants standing inside.

“I want to meet the branch master,” the elegant man said.

“Lord Li, please wait a moment. I’ll send the message right away,” a female attendant said with a smile. She then turned to enter a side door to report.

The elegant man and the silver-haired elder waited silently.

Moments later.

A hunchbacked man walked out from the side door. The maidservant followed behind him respectfully. The hunchbacked man was the Skydemon Sect expert from Idle Stone Garden, who had nearly killed Meng Chuan and Yan Jin.

“Greetings, Vice Branch Master Gao,” the elegant man and the silver-haired elder greeted respectfully.

The person with the highest standing in the Skydemon Sect Eastcalm branch was the branch master, followed by the two vice branch masters.

The vice branch master was a Seamless realm expert who had long comprehended the concept of Force. Furthermore, due to his cultivation of various demonic arts, his techniques were also sinister and challenging to deal with.

“Branch Master and Second Brother Tu are both cultivating in seclusion. I’ve been in charge of the branch matters for the past half-year.” The hunchbacked man walked into the hall and sat down casually. He glanced down at the two people and said, “Speak, what can’t you settle by yourselves?”

“The Bloody Cloud Bandits want to sell us a treasure.” The elegant man took out a scroll and passed it to the maidservant beside him. The maidservant then gave it to the hunched-back man. “It’s the black metal piece as depicted in the painting.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: Force
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The hunchbacked man took the scroll and unfurled it. He frowned as he looked at the black metal piece painting.

The elegant man continued, “This black metal piece doesn’t have any illustrations or text, but it possesses a mighty Godfiend aura. It’s much stronger than the remnant auras of a typical Godfiend legacy. We are ultimately mortals and limited in our knowledge. I’m afraid we might miss out on a treasure.”

“Then buy it.” The hunchbacked man frowned as he looked at the picture.

“The Blood Cloud Bandits want 100,000 taels of silver, not one tael less,” said the elegant man respectfully.

“What the heck? One hundred thousand taels for something we have no idea about? The Blood Cloud Bandits have really gone crazy.” The hunched man shook his head. “Alright, I’m aware of this matter. You may leave.”

“Then, do we buy it?” the elegant man asked.

“Are you paying for it?” The hunchbacked man glared.

“I understand,” said the elegant man respectfully. “I won’t make decisions on my own.” He immediately led the silver-haired elder away.

The two vice branch masters of the Eastcalm Branch had strange tempers, and their subordinates were quite afraid of them. On the contrary, the branch master was a lot more worthy of respect.

What the hell? So what if it’s a Godfiend legacy? We can’t accept a Godfiend legacy if we cultivate the Skydemon Dao. The hunchbacked man looked at the scroll in his hand and scoffed. He then threw it to the maidservant beside him. “When Second Brother Tu and Branch Master exit seclusion, let them take a look.”

“Yes,” said the maid respectfully.

...

Night.

After completing his cultivation and taking a medicinal bath, Meng Chuan’s spirit and body were restored to their peak states.

He came to his small courtyard and began the fourth part of his daily cultivation—Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance! Over the past year, he had pushed his Quintessential Energy to its limits every day, allowing his meridians to adapt slowly. His Godfiend body was very adaptable, and his meridians were very resilient as well. He could instantly unleash twelve times the amount of Quintessential Energy now that his meridians were wider and stronger.

The might of his attacks came from the combination of his technique, physical body, and his Quintessential Energy, and body potential to ultimately release tremendous might.

The strength of his saber art only doubled despite using twelve times the Quintessential Energy. In the past, this could be considered a killer move under the premise of not damaging one’s body! Meng Chuan was unwilling to use certain forbidden Godfiend arts. For example, the eldest son of the Yun family—Yun Fucheng—had used a forbidden technique without any preparation. Thus, damaging his foundation and leaving him with no hope of becoming a Godfiend.

Now that I have the Power of the Soul, I can try to push the limits of the Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance even further. His eyes lit up.

Following that, he focused his mind. With a powerful will, the invisible Power of the Soul immediately fused with his entire body. Quintessential Energy began to slowly flow through his meridians, organs, bones, and blood. All his senses heightened, and his control over his body immediately rose to an inconceivable level.

He was shocked by this feeling every time.

When would he be able to control his body to such extents without the aid of his Power of the Soul?

Boom!

In an instant, fifteen times his Quintessential Energy erupted. Under the guidance of his Power of the Soul, the Quintessential Energy remained tolerable to his meridians. His body began to form large amounts of lightning, several times more than the usual density. When the lightning formed within his body, Meng Chuan’s speed reached an unimaginable level. Speed was the strength of his Lightning Divine Body. As he dug deeper into his body’s potential, his speed increased to a ludicrous degree.

Even his strength—which was one of his weaker traits—had increased several times.

Whoosh.

A resplendent saber beam streaked across the sky as it tore through the air. The saber beam flew dozens of feet and struck the stone wall, leaving behind a mark.

He stopped.

The Power of the Soul disappeared, immediately stopping its insane expenditure. By only using the Power of the Soul when delivering an attack, he would use less of it up.

This attack expended about twenty percent of my Power of the Soul. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. It looks like five killer moves are my limit. Let’s try again.

He wanted to familiarize himself with his strongest killer move. He stared ahead, as though there was a demon in front of him. He wanted to slay this demon and to do so needed strong killing intent. Only by uniting his body and mind would the fusion be deeper.

“Kill!”

He unleashed another terrifying saber beam.

“Kill!”

He pursued the limits and perfection. When the Power of the Soul fused with his entire body, he tried to find a way to dig out more of his body’s potential. He felt like his body was like a massive iceberg, and what he dug out so far was just the tip of the iceberg. According to the Godfiend biographies, even the most powerful Godfiends wouldn’t dare say that they had already excavated their body’s potential to the limits.

As cultivation continued, one’s physical body would grow stronger.

“Kill!”

He found the joy of not holding back absolutely delightful. With the addition of his Power of the Soul, he was even more absorbed with his training.

His strength converged as he prepared to strike. When he delivered a strike, all his strength would be unleashed under the Power of the Soul’s guidance. His will was like a blade, and the moment he struck out, he could kill all demons!

Boom! A terrifying aura coalesced around Meng Chuan’s body. His entire body seemed to become a saber. His body and Quintessential Energy united perfectly under the guidance of the “Force,” resulting in an even more terrifying eruption.

The saber flashed, leaving behind a crescent moon in the air. It was soul-stirring.

The saber beam was too fast, and the high-pressure slash formed a very sharp saber beam. It tore through the yard wall that was dozens of feet away, causing the wall to collapse.

Following that, he sheathed his saber and stood upright.

This is Force? Meng Chuan was rather surprised. He had predicted that he would be able to gain insights into Force within days, but he hadn’t expected to achieve Force as he was fusing the Power of the Soul with the Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance today. He had achieved Force with his fourth strike.

There were many descriptions regarding Force in the books. However, no matter how descriptive, he would only be able to understand Force the moment he grasped it.

Everything in the world had Force—mountains, water, earth, wind, fire, and sky. Even the entire world... had a Force! A truly powerful saber art required a Saber Force. With Saber Force, one would be like a saber. Under the control of the Saber Force, one’s body’s potential would be excavated deeper. One would even be able to use the Heaven and Earth powers to augment themselves.

Under the command of Force, one’s mastery of Quintessential Energy would become more exquisite. This allowed one to release Quintessential Energy outside their bodies when fighting.

What’s going on? This is Force?

Inside the Mirror Lake Meng Manor, Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai rushed out of their rooms in shock. They all felt a Force appear within their manor. This made them panic because they knew that they were the only ones in the manor that had achieved Force. For a third person to suddenly use Force in the middle of the night? There was a high chance that the person was an intruder.

An enemy sneaked in? Or did he figure out Force? It’s from Chuan’er’s residence. Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai were both anxious as they rushed over.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them rushed into Meng Chuan’s courtyard and saw him standing still dazedly with his saber sheathed. One of the walls of the courtyard had collapsed, and rubble was everywhere.

“Might I know which friend has come to my Meng Manor? Please show yourself!” Meng Dajiang immediately shouted when he saw this.

“I didn’t notice him; he’s quite good at hiding.” Liu Yebai secretly sent a voice transmission. “But he didn’t hurt Meng Chuan, so he probably isn’t hostile.”

Both of them were very cautious.

“Dad, Uncle Liu, there’s no one else.” After regaining his senses from embracing his achievement of Saber Force, Meng Chuan hurriedly informed Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai.

“There’s no one else?” Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai were both stunned.

“That unfamiliar Force just now was...?” Meng Dajiang looked at his son and had a bold guess in his heart! No, no, no. I must be overthinking things.

Meng Chuan nodded in acknowledgment. “I figured out the Saber Force.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: Azure Cloud Brothel
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Everybody fell silent. Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai stared at Meng Chuan blankly, speechless.

A 16-year-old had comprehended the Force? A legendary genius was right in front of them?

Five patrolling guards also rushed to the small courtyard. They had also heard the wall collapsing, but their speed was clearly much slower than Meng Dajiang’s and Liu Yebai’s.

“Master,” said all five guards respectfully. The guard captain looked at the collapsed wall and couldn’t help but say, “This wall...”

“I was sparring with Chuan’er and accidentally damaged it.” Meng Dajiang returned to his senses and immediately instructed, “Arrange for someone to mend the walls tomorrow morning. Hurry up and leave.”

“Yes.”

The five guards bowed respectfully and left. At the same time, they were rather perplexed. To destroy a wall in a sparring match? Master and Young Master sure are good at causing trouble.

Silence returned to the courtyard again. Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai continued to stare at Meng Chuan.

“Dad, Uncle Liu.” Meng Chuan couldn’t help but say, “The two of you...”

“Dajiang, your son is extraordinary,” Liu Yebai whispered. “He figured out Force at the age of sixteen. Heavens, entering Archean Mountain is almost a certainty. If I had such a powerful son, I would wake up from my dreams in laughter!”

At this moment, Meng Dajiang suddenly thought of many things. His wife had instructed him to teach Meng Chuan personally while he practiced the saber. He had taught him every day since he was young, and the young Meng Chuan had trained seriously as well. His foundation was very solid, and he had taken one step at a time. When he was fifteen, he finally began to shine.

He had become the most outstanding member of the five Godfiend family clans.

At the age of sixteen, he had comprehended Force. This put him at the top of Eastcalm Prefecture.

Meng Dajiang’s eyes couldn’t help but redden. He knew very well how hardworking his son was. He smiled, and his eyes turned moist. “Very good, very good.”

“That’s all you can say?” Liu Yebai asked.

“Dad.” Meng Chuan looked at his father as well. He had been diligent in his cultivation. Apart from his oath to become a Godfiend to slay demons, he also wanted his father to feel proud. As a son, making his father proud was one of his desires.

Meng Dajiang smiled and immediately took out a flare. He triggered it, and the flare shot into the sky. It was very eye-catching in the dark.

...

The Meng family ancestral mansion.

“Oh?” Fairy Meng walked out of her building with her walking stick. She stared at the flare in the distant sky. She had personally given the distress flare to Meng Dajiang. It had her Quintessential Essence branding in it, allowing her to sense it once it was activated within fifty kilometers.

“Why would Dajiang suddenly request for help?” Although Fairy Meng was puzzled, she vanished from the yard.

...

In about half a minute, Fairy Meng arrived at Mirror Lake Meng Manor. She came to the small courtyard and saw the collapsed wall. She saw the father and son duo, as well as Liu Yebai.

“What happened?” Fairy Meng looked at the collapsed wall and felt a little puzzled. “Dajiang, you don’t seem to be suffering any injuries. Why did you suddenly request for help?”

She had only given only five people the distress flares; two people were Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang.

“Aunt.” Meng Dajiang’s face was filled with uncontrollable joy. He whispered, “Chuan’er has figured out Saber Force.”

Fairy Meng was stunned for a moment before her eyes lit up. She looked at Meng Chuan and asked, “You have figured out Saber Force?”

“Yes, Grandaunt,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

“Can you show it to me?” asked Fairy Meng.

Meng Chuan nodded his head and struck out with his palm. With the fusion of Saber Force, his Quintessential Energy cleaved out from his palm. A blurry saber beam that spanned ten feet in length sliced through the ground.

“Quintessential Energy Release.” Fairy Meng’s body trembled as she watched. Her eyes filled with excitement as she mumbled, “Great, great! Wonderful, just wonderful.”

Quintessential Energy was formless in the first place, so it couldn’t leave the body without a medium. But once Force guided it, it would be like a gentle stream of water forming a sharp “saber,” causing a qualitative change.

More potential could be excavated if the body was fused with Saber Force.

Fairy Meng put down her walking stick and closed her eyes, muttering softly. “The ancestors have blessed us.”

Meng Chuan, Meng Dajiang, and Liu Yebai fell silent. They didn’t disturb Fairy Meng.

“Meng Chuan.” Fairy Meng opened her eyes and sat down on a stone bench. She smiled and said, “Come, have a seat.”

Meng Chuan sat down on the stone bench obediently.

Fairy Meng looked at Meng Chuan, her eyes filled with love. She said with a smile, “I wasn’t wrong about you. You figured out the Force at the age of sixteen. Even in the capital of the Great Zhou Dynasty, you will be considered a genius. As long as you don’t slack off for the next few years, you will definitely be able to enter Archean Mountain.”

“I definitely won’t slack off,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

“However, don’t be too proud. You must understand that there’s always someone better than you!” Fairy Meng said with a smile. “For example, the Fifth Young Master of King Calm Sea’s family. He is famous throughout the world. He reached the Unity realm at the age of ten. He comprehended Force at the age of thirteen and became a Godfiend when he was fifteen. Even the demons were afraid of his talent and offered a bounty for his assassination. Archean Mountain also placed great importance on him. When Fifth Young Master comprehended Force at the age of thirteen, he was immediately recruited into Archean Mountain.”

“I’ve read many Godfiend biographies.” Meng Chuan nodded. “But compared to those invincible Godfiends who left their names in history, my talent is ordinary. I won’t be proud.”

“Haha, good ambition. You actually compare yourself to those powerful Godfiends who left their names in history,” said Fairy Meng with a smile. “It’s good to have ambition, but it’s best to keep the news about you comprehending Force a secret for now. Let’s wait until next year to announce it. It will be much less shocking for a seventeen-year-old to comprehend Force.”

“Understood.” Meng Chuan nodded.

To comprehend Force at the age of sixteen made him a genius even in the capital. To comprehend Force at seventeen-years-old would make him more inferior. He could still be considered a genius in a prefecture—comparable to Patriarch Zhang.

If he only comprehended Force when he was eighteen or nineteen? It was already a question whether he could enter Archean Mountain or not. If he had comprehended Force when he was twenty years old? He would be at the level of Mei Yuanzhi—barely qualified to participate in the entrance examination—the chances of entering Archean Mountain were really slim.

“From today onwards, I will be staying here,” said Fairy Meng with a smile. “I will often come to train Chuan’er.”

“Aunt, your body...” Meng Dajiang was a little worried.

“Don’t worry. Sparring with you wouldn’t aggravate my injuries.” Fairy Meng smiled.

“Thank you, Grandaunt,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

Fairy Meng glanced at Liu Yebai beside her and said, “Liu Yebai, you must keep Meng Chuan’s matter a secret.”

“I can vouch for Yebai with my life,” Meng Dajiang said.

“Fairy, don’t worry. I watched Chuan’er grow up. He’s like my own child. It will naturally be kept a secret,” said Liu Yebai.

Only then did Fairy Meng nod.

...

Days passed.

Meng Chuan continued to cultivate hard. True experts never stopped climbing higher. Decades were like days.

Seven days after Meng Chuan comprehended Force.

“Hmm, I sure had a good time eating.” Liu Qiyue was very pleased as she strolled around with Meng Chuan at night.

“It was my treat. How could you not be happy?” Meng Chuan pouted.

“What’s wrong with you, great Young Master Meng? Are two meals too much for you?” Liu Qiyue harrumphed.

“My family’s Cloud River Restaurant is the number one restaurant in Eastcalm Prefecture. Yet, you refused to eat there and chose other restaurants. I had to spend a lot of money at those restaurants.”

“No matter how delicious the Cloud River Restaurant is, you can’t always eat at that one restaurant, right?” Liu Qiyue said, “Alright, alright. I’ll treat you tomorrow. Will that do?”

“That’s more like it,” Meng Chuan said in satisfaction. Suddenly, his eyebrows rose, and he stared into the distance.

“What’s wrong?” Liu Qiyue was puzzled.

“Qiyue, you head back first. I saw a friend,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ll be back later.”

“Oh, sure. Don’t stay out too late.” Liu Qiyue nodded and left.

Meng Chuan looked into the distance. He could sense all life aura within half a kilometer. About a quarter kilometer away, he could sense two vicious and bloody auras. These auras were stained with many lives! Meng Chuan had once scrutinized the hands of an executioner. Even the bloody aura on those hands wasn’t as thick as these two auras.

This sort of bloody aura seemed to be filled with the screams of countless living beings. It was extremely unique in his senses, making him feel even more disgusted.

How many people have they killed to have such bloody auras? But these two auras aren’t too strong.

Meng Chuan strode forward.

He soon arrived outside a brothel.

Azure Cloud Brothel? Meng Chuan stared at the brothel in front of him. The lights inside were splendid, and there were many people inside. There was also pleasant laughter from women. Many wealthy businessmen were being led inside.

This is my first time entering a brothel. Meng Chuan walked in.

“Young Master, please,” the gigolo at the door said obsequiously.

Suddenly, the old procuress’s eyes widened. “Young Master Meng?”

“Young Master Meng?” Immediately, some of the brothel girls who were soliciting the guests turned their heads and saw Meng Chuan walking in.

“It’s Young Master Meng Chuan?” The atmosphere in the brothel instantly boiled. The women in the brothels were all infatuated with him as they passionately approached him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: The Blood Cloud Bandits’ Second Head
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

When he saw the women in the brothel approach, Meng Chuan couldn’t help but panic. He had never been this nervous even when facing demons.

“Don’t disturb me.” Meng Chuan remained expressionless as he spoke.

“You grasping girls, move aside. Don’t disturb Young Master Meng,” said the old procuress immediately. “Young Master Meng, please come upstairs. Please come upstairs.”

The old procuress had sharp eyes. She could tell that Young Master Meng didn’t think much of these ordinary courtesans. After all, the ones in charge of solicitation were the ordinary ones. The ones that were genuinely ranked within the Azure Cloud Brothel didn’t easily show their faces.

A scion of a Godfiend family—who had extreme talent and chances of becoming a Godfiend—would usually be surrounded by servants and maids. Without sufficient looks, they probably couldn’t attract Young Master Meng at all.

This genius from the Meng family has never been to a brothel before. This should be his first time. If he becomes infatuated with a lady from our Azure Cloud Brothel... If news of this spreads, my Azure Cloud Brothel’s reputation will definitely increase greatly, right? The old procuress led Meng Chuan to the best room on the second floor.

“Young Master Meng, this room is the best. You can see the performing girls the closest here,” said the old procuress with a smile.

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly and sat down. He was only twenty feet away from the stage below the window, and there was a direct view of the stage.

At this moment, two young ladies came in from outside the door, holding trays of drinks, fruit, and snacks.

“Serve Young Master Meng well,” instructed the old procuress.

“Yes.” They were twins who had yet to develop fully. They were very delicate, and their eyes were bright. Their faces were slightly red as they looked nervously at Young Master Meng Chuan.

The old procuress smiled and said, “Young Master Meng, these two young girls are only 16. They have always been learning the trade from their teacher, and have never served guests. Today is the first time they are serving guests.”

Meng Chuan’s status was just too high. A pair of twins that had yet to finish their studies could only serve him as maids. If Meng Chuan were to take a liking to the twins and wanted to take them away, Azure Cloud Brothel would be very happy. No matter what kind of status Young Master Meng Chuan had, he would never dine and dash.

“Young Master.” The two girls sat down next to Meng Chuan and helped him pour wine.

“Young Master Meng, if there’s anything you need, just instruct them.” With that said, the procuress left the private room with a smile and closed the door silently.

...

At this moment, in another private room on the second floor of Azure Cloud Brothel.

Only the fat man and the bearded man were drinking in this room. Neither of them wanted anyone to serve them.

“With that Young Master Meng Chuan coming, all the women below went crazy.” Inside the private room, the fat man scoffed. “We wanted to use the most central private room, but Azure Cloud Brothel wouldn’t allow us to enter! Once this Young Master Meng came, they immediately gave him the best room. Also, look at that pair of twins. Tsk, tsk... they are truly excellent. I’ve been having fun the past two days, but I’ve never seen these twins before. It looks like Azure Cloud Brothel has hidden some good stuff. It’s just not for us.”

“I’ve heard of Meng Chuan before.” The bearded man leisurely sat there. “He is a genius of one of the five great Godfiend clans, the Meng family. He reached the Unity realm at fifteen. He is a famous figure in the entire Eastcalm Prefecture. You have to behave yourself and not provoke him.”

“I understand. You said that we should keep a low profile in Eastcalm Prefecture and not cause trouble.” The fat man chuckled. “Actually, a soft-skinned person like Meng Chuan will be quite a pleasure.”

“Shut up.” The bearded man frowned.

The fat man shut his mouth and only smiled.

“It seems we won’t be able to sell the item,” the bearded man said calmly. “Let’s have two more days of fun before leaving Eastcalm Prefecture.”

“Back to the mountains again? It’s so boring there,” the fat man muttered. “I’m going to have fun tonight.”

...

Meng Chuan drank as he watched the performance below.

On the stage below, a blue-dressed woman was wearing a thin face veil. She carried a lute in her arms. The sound of the lute could be heard flowing through the brothel. The surrounding wealthy merchants and distinguished guests’ voices were soft.

Although Meng Chuan seemed to be listening to the lute, he was actually using his hundred-foot perception to observe the other private room on the second floor.

Within this domain, everything was extremely clear.

He could even “hear” the sound of mosquitoes, not to mention the conversation between the bearded man and the fat man. Although they had lowered their voices and the private room had soundproofing, Meng Chuan could still “hear” them.

Leave Eastcalm Prefecture and enter the mountains? Meng Chuan fell deep in thought. Are they bandits?

“Sister Guan’s lute performance is one of the best in our Azure Cloud Brothel.” One of the girls who was serving Meng Chuan spoke in a clear voice. “Her teacher is Old Mister Wang of our Eastcalm Prefecture.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Just like artists, there weren’t many people who were focused on music in this era. A few years ago, Meng Chuan had become the number one expert in painting. Not to mention how People Resonance had elevated his skill to a whole new level.

There were slightly more people who learned the lute and other musical instruments, but they were only used for entertainment. In this era, cultivation was ultimately ranked first, while entertainment enjoyed a very limited status.

“The two of us study the zither. We also learned it from a master,” said the other girl with a softer voice.

“The zither is not bad.” Meng Chuan casually commented as he continued observing the two men.

Bearded man, fat man...

He could see the bristles on an ant’s leg within a hundred feet, so he could naturally observe the two very carefully. Every single strand of facial hair was extremely clear.

Oh? Meng Chuan noticed that the fat man didn’t disguise himself, but the bearded man had disguised himself.

Fake beard? A wig? Artificial skin is plastered across his face? Without the hair and beard, he would look like... Meng Chuan’s heart stirred. As a member of a Godfiend family clan, he was familiar with the wanted fugitives in Eastcalm Prefecture.

He immediately thought of someone. Blood Hand Zhao Can.

The bald, skinny savage man had a black mole on his left cheek. However, the fake skin covered the black mole.

This was considered an impressive disguise technique. Even from a close distance, one couldn’t tell that it was fake skin. Only with Meng Chuan’s “senses” could he clearly identify the wig and fake skin. Under his perception, he could see the damage and flaws of what appeared to be a smooth strand of hair to the naked eye. This made him a natural enemy of disguise techniques.

It’s him? The killing intent in his heart soared.

Blood Hand Zhao Can.

He was from Eastcalm Prefecture’s Qin County. To cultivate the Blood Fiend Hand, he had killed over three hundred people in a few years, causing everyone in Qin County to panic. Later on, he successfully escaped when this was made known. After being placed on the wanted list by the imperial government, he joined the infamous Blood Cloud Bandits. The weakest of the Blood Cloud Bandits was said to be at the Mortal Shedding realm.

Their numbers weren’t high, but they were all considered powerful bandits. They were crafty and intelligent. They hid in the mountains at the border of three prefectures, making it difficult for them to capture them.

Blood Hand Zhao Can. Meng Chuan narrowed his eyes and stood up.

“Young Master Meng?” The two girls stood up in puzzlement.

“Something cropped up.” As he spoke, he took out a banknote worth a hundred taels of silver and placed it on the table. Although he had never been to this place before, he had heard of it before. Such a famous brothel would cost at least twenty taels of silver for a private room. This was the best private room, and they had arranged for two girls to serve him... Of course, with him only sitting there for a while, leaving behind a hundred taels of silver was definitely to Azure Cloud Brothel’s benefit.

“This...” The two girls looked at each other in dismay. To be able to accompany this scion of the Meng family, whose name was known throughout Eastcalm Prefecture made them extremely happy. In fact, they even had a bit of hope—they hoped that Young Master Meng would be able to redeem them.

They didn’t expect him to leave so quickly.

Meng Chuan exited the private room.

He headed straight for the private room where the two great bandits were in. Ignoring the sins of the Blood Cloud Bandits, just the 300 lives claimed in the Eastcalm Prefecture’s Qin County alone made Meng Chuan unable to suppress his killing intent. He had witnessed the slaughter committed by demons and how people in despair were killed. After experiencing that, his killing intent for wanted criminals whose hands were stained with blood was no less than that for demons.

Or rather, these serious offenses made them demons in human form.

Both of them deserve to die. He had already reached the entrance of the private room when he pushed open the door.

The two bandits—who were drinking and enjoying the performance in the private room—turned their heads in anger. When they saw the scion walk in, they were somewhat shocked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: Slaying Blood Cloud Bandits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan walked into the private room calmly, his gaze landing on the two bandits.

The fat man and the bearded man stood up. They were somewhat wary, but they still welcomed him with a smile on their faces. They didn’t wish to cause any trouble in Eastcalm Prefecture. The bearded man cupped his hands and said with a smile, “Greetings, Young Master Meng. For you to come to our room, I wonder if you have any instructions for these brothers?”

“I’m here to kill!” When the calm voice rang out, a saber beam lit up.

This strike was too fast!

Now that he was already at the late-stage of the Mortal Shedding realm and had a robust Godfiend foundation, his Godfiend Body was no weaker than an ordinary Seamless realm cultivator. Furthermore, having already figured out Saber Force, even if he didn’t use it, the fusion of body, mind, and technique was enough for him to unleash even greater amounts of his body’s potential. Being most adept at speed, that single slash caused the two bandits in the room to instantly feel their hearts chill.

Not good. Both of them knew that something was amiss, but the slightly weaker fat man failed to react in time as the saber beam sliced through his throat.

Gasp! Gasp! Gasp! The fat man clasped his throat, but the blood kept spewing out. His face became awash with terror and despair as he felt his life slipping away rapidly.

“What?” The bearded man was a Seamless realm expert. His reaction was much faster, having leaped out of the window the moment Meng Chuan struck out with his saber. He knew very well that exchanging blows with Meng Chuan was meaningless. He needed to flee as fast as he could once his identity was exposed in Eastcalm Prefecture.

The more time passed, the more powerful experts would arrive. His chances of survival would become slim.

Meng Chuan killed the fat man with a single slash. His figure phased away as he dashed out of the window in pursuit of Blood Hand Zhao Can. These two bandits could forget about escaping today!

“What happened?”

Many guests and women in Azure Cloud Brothel’s main hall watched as a figure flew out from a private room on the second floor. A faster figure soon followed the first. A saber beam streaked across the air, heading towards the first figure..

Before he landed, Blood Hand Zhao Can had worn a black glove. His hands suddenly grew in size as though they were fans. With palms that were twice the size of a normal person’s, he struck out with a mystical move and blocked the strike.

Clang!

Zhao Can felt a powerful force pass through his arm into his body. His body involuntarily slammed onto the floor of Azure Cloud Brothel, causing a huge crater to form on the wooden floor. He sent splinters flying into the air.

The other guests had already quickly retreated. Cultivation was a very common thing. It was very common for people to engage in brawls in places like brothels. Battles normally happened because of jealousy, meaning physical injuries the worst outcome. However, it seemed like this battle was different.

“It’s Young Master Meng.” The guests and courtesans watched from afar as they saw the scion land on the ground.

The usually modest young scion was now filled with killing intent. The killing intent in his eyes caused everybody to tremble in fear.

“Young Master Meng, don’t go too far. If you push me into a corner, I’ll make sure you die with me,” said Zhao Can with a ferocious expression as he stood up.

“You want me to die with you?” Meng Chuan walked over. “Do you think you have what it takes?”

“Humph.” Zhao Can charged towards the crowd to capture hostages.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan turned into a phantom the moment his Lightning Divine Body erupted. He became much faster than Zhao Can. Before the latter could hold someone hostage, another slash came cleaving right at him.

Pfft. Zhao Can blocked with both fan-like hands. A perfect defense that continued for Meng Chuan’s next two strikes.

But following that was the third strike.

He seems to be a bit stronger than me? I can’t be held back by him. I have to think of a way to escape. It’s night time now... as long as I can escape from him in the darkness, I’ll have a chance to escape from Eastcalm Prefecture.

Whoosh.

The third strike remained as fast as before.

Just as Zhao Can was about to block the attack, he realized that the saber beam had turned faint. His combat instincts honed over the years made him instinctively retreat, but the faint saber beam slashed him horizontally! It almost sliced across his neck.

Pfft!

One of his arms flew up.

My arm. Zhao Can’s eyes turned red. Although he had managed to dodge the terrifying saber strike, Meng Chuan had still managed to slice off his arm.

Escape! Escape! Escape! Zhao Can suppressed his hatred. At this moment, he didn’t hesitate to unleash a forbidden Godfiend technique. Instantly, his skin reddened, and he began to release his Quintessential Energy to his limits. Instantly, his speed and strength increased by a great deal, but the longer this state persisted, the more danger he would be in. The damage ranged from injuries to his meridians that would take a year or so to recover to heavily damaging his organs and dantian. Such injuries might cripple him.

However, if he didn’t use a forbidden Godfiend technique, certain death awaited him.

Boom! He completely unleashed the forbidden technique. Zhao Can frantically slammed into the nearest wall. Tables and chairs along the path shattered, and a huge hole opened up in the thick wooden wall. He immediately charged outside.

In order to survive, he didn’t even have time to go through the door or the windows. Instead, he charged into the wall.

“Humph!” Unstained by any blood, the saber-wielding Meng Chuan moved, transforming into a blur as he pursued Zhao Can through the gaping hole.

Many of the customers in Azure Cloud Brothel heaved sighs of relief and looked outside through the windows. Many of them stared at the gloved arm on the ground in amazement.

“The person who was being pursued earlier on seems to have the strength at the Seamless realm.”

“Yet, his strength is still inferior to Young Master Meng Chuan.”

“Young Master Meng is from a Godfiend family clan. His Godfiend foundation is naturally much stronger. Furthermore, from the looks of it, Young Master Meng’s saber arts are exquisite.”

“Indeed... Young Master Meng’s saber arts have probably reached the peak of the Unity realm. In another year or two, there’s a chance he will comprehend Force. How can an ordinary Seamless realm compare with him?” As the guests discussed, some people boldly came to the severed arm and carefully took off the black glove. They saw the blood-red palm that was twice as large as an ordinary person’s.

“Blood Fiend Hand?”

“There are still people who cultivate such evil martial arts? Could it be Blood Hand Zhao Can?”

“Blood Hand Zhao Can, he’s the second-in-command of the Blood Cloud Bandits. He’s an expert at the Seamless realm. Yet, he’s being pursued by Young Master Meng Chuan. Young Master Meng’s saber arts are truly formidable. He might really be able to comprehend Saber Force in another year or two.”

“How can such an ordinary Seamless realm expert compare with geniuses like Young Master Meng?”

There was a flurry of discussion in the brothel. There were quite a few daring people who went out to chase after the duo, but clearly, they were not as fast as Meng Chuan or Zhao Can—who had cast a forbidden technique.

How did I expose myself? Eleventh Sister’s disguising techniques are already superb. No one can see through me. Could it be a slip of the tongue by that idiot or those courtesans? Zhao Can was filled with hatred and anxiety as he ran as fast as he could.

Meng Chuan chased after him.

After chasing for half a kilometer, the surroundings became quiet.

Swoosh! Meng Chuan’s speed suddenly increased dramatically.

What a joke.

Having cultivated the Lightning Divine Body and comprehending Force, the speed he could unleash far exceeded Zhao Can’s. Zhao Can remained inferior despite using the forbidden Godfiend technique. Many people had been watching in Azure Cloud Brothel, so Meng Chuan had only used 30% of his strength, making him appear slightly stronger than Zhao Can. He had used 50% of his strength when cleaving off Zhao Can’s arm. His grandaunt had instructed him to wait until next year to reveal that he had comprehended Force.

In front of others, he naturally had to keep a low profile.

What? Realizing that Meng Chuan’s speed had suddenly increased, Zhao Can was driven to the brink of insanity. How can this be?

The rapidly approaching Meng Chuan was a blur. Even the Seamless realm Zhao Can couldn’t make his figure out. He suddenly realized that a saber beam was coming towards him, so he raised his left hand to block it.

The saber beam changed direction. It was extremely ghostly.

The beam passed through one of his legs, and a leg flew up.

Without using Saber Force, Meng Chuan could only use 50% of his strength. This strike contained 50% of his strength, but he had also imbued Power of the Soul into it, causing the saber beam to speed up by 30% as it approached Zhao Can. This caused Zhao Can to lose a leg despite casting the forbidden Godfiend technique.

Zhao Can fell to the ground. He had already lost an arm and leg. He revealed a look of despair. His control over his body as a Seamless realm expert allowed him to reduce the bleeding from his leg and arm stumps.

“Young Master Meng, I don’t have any enmity with you. There’s no need for you to kill me,” said Zhao Can immediately. There was no way for him to dodge with one leg missing. He had also lost an arm. Killing him was too easy. However, Zhao Can still wanted to live!

He was an expert at the Seamless realm. Even if he lost an arm and leg, he could still live comfortably.

“Oh? Didn’t you also take the lives of over three hundred people when you had no enmity with them?” Meng Chuan walked towards Zhao Can.

“I have silver and treasures.” Zhao Can immediately took out a thick stack of silver notes with his left hand. “There’s nearly 40,000 silvers worth of banknotes here. Also, this is a Godfiend treasure.”

Zhao Can took out the black metal piece wrapped in cloth. “This Godfiend treasure is worth 100,000 taels.”

He didn’t say that the Blood Cloud Bandits had wanted to sell it for 100,000 taels but had failed to obtain a buyer.

“These are yours. All yours, Young Master Meng,” said Zhao Can immediately. “As long as you spare my wretched life.”

“Using something on you to beg for mercy?” Meng Chuan continued walking over.

“I’m the second-in-command of the Blood Cloud Bandits. I know the location of one of its treasure troves,” said Zhao Can immediately. “As long as you spare me and let me go, I’ll tell you.”

Pfft.

A saber beam flashed.

When Meng Chuan came close, he imbued his saber with the Power of the Soul and easily cut Zhao Can’s neck.

“You, you...” Zhao Can’s eyes widened. Why didn’t he give him a chance to live?

“I don’t care about the treasures of you bandits,” said Meng Chuan calmly as he watched Zhao Can die.

The Blood Cloud Bandits were powerful, with eight Seamless realm bandits, and a leader who grasped Force among them. However, that leader’s strength was barely on par with Meng Chuan’s. How could a bandit’s wealth be worth anything compared to the Meng family’s? Meng Chuan thought nothing of it. The valuable treasures he had used to build his Godfiend foundation was worth countless times more than the Blood Cloud Bandits’ entire wealth.

Meng Chuan reached out to pick up the stack of banknotes and looked at the black metal piece that had been exposed. A Godfiend item? It seems to be very damaged. He did not think much of it and temporarily put it away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: News Spreading Across the City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan glanced at Zhao Can’s corpse before taking out a small whistle from his belt and blowing it.

As his Quintessential Energy flowed into the whistle, the whistling became ear-piercing. It spread out in all directions and could be heard for several miles. This whistle was used to gather the surrounding members of the Meng family. Only a hundred people with relatively higher status in the family clan possessed this whistle. Ordinary clansmen only had the standard-issue distress flares. They could activate the distress flare at critical moments, a signal that caused clansmen nearby to rush over and provide assistance.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! One figure after another arrived.

“Young Master Meng Chuan?” Most of the figures who arrived were experts working for the Meng family. A small number of them were members of the Meng family. The Meng family was large and powerful, so it employed many experts.

“This is the corpse of the Blood Cloud Bandits’ second-in-command, Blood Hand Zhao Can.” Meng Chuan pointed at the corpse in front of him. “There’s also a Blood Cloud Bandit’s corpse in Azure Cloud Brothel. Take care of it.”

“Yes,” everyone replied in unison.

Meng Chuan nodded and left.

At this moment, the group of gathered people started discussing.

“Brother Wang, take some men to the Azure Cloud Brothel and deal with the Blood Cloud Bandit corpse. Also, find out what Young Master Meng Chuan did in the Azure Cloud Brothel,” an elder instructed. This elder was one of the nine exterior stewards of the Meng family. He enjoyed a rather high status in the Meng family, and his family had served the Meng family for three generations. Those who were placed in important positions despite not sharing the Meng surname were naturally talented.

On the contrary, if the members of the Meng clan were mediocre, they would at best not starve to death. Their status was far inferior to that of the exterior chief steward.

“Yes.” Immediately, over ten people headed to the Azure Cloud Brothel.

“Blood Hand Zhao Can, a Seamless realm expert.” The elder looked at the corpse on the ground and exclaimed in surprise, “Young Master Meng Chuan is really becoming more powerful.”

“Young Master Meng Chuan is still at the Mortal Shedding realm. To be able to kill someone of a higher cultivation realm, he must have reached the peak of Unity. He isn’t too far from comprehending Saber Force.” The others around him exclaimed in amazement as well.

...

News of Meng Chuan killing two Blood Cloud bandits—with one of the deceased being Blood Hand Zhao Can—spread quickly. Azure Cloud Brothel was a place where people came and went, so many people paid attention to it. There were even some people who tried to follow the pursuit to watch “Meng Chuan vs. Blood Hand Zhao Can,” but they were just unable to keep up.

When Meng Chuan later blew the whistle, he had attracted many curious bystanders apart from the Meng family personnel. Many people personally saw Zhao Can’s corpse.

...

Inside a private room in another brothel.

Yun Fu’an was chatting with a friend, and there was also a beautiful courtesan waiting by his side. At this moment, the door opened, and another middle-aged man walked in with a smile.

“Brother Zhang, we’ve been waiting for you for almost an hour,” Yun Fu’an said with a smile. “You need to drink as a forfeit!”

“You all know about my tigress wife at home. There’s nothing I could do about it. I only managed to sneak out until now.” The middle-aged man smiled as he sat down. He raised his head and downed a cup of alcohol. Next to him, a beautiful courtesan immediately filled his cup. The middle-aged man excitedly continued, “There’s a big piece of news I want to share with the two of you.”

“What big news?” asked another rich-looking man casually as he embraced a courtesan.

“About two hours ago, something big happened at Azure Cloud Brothel,” the middle-aged man said. “That Meng family’s Meng Chuan went to the Azure Cloud Brothel...” As he spoke, he even glanced at Yun Fu’an.

Yun Fu’an’s eyelids twitched.

“What’s the big deal with him going to Azure Cloud Brothel?” the wealthy-looking man said with a smile. “Only half of those serving in the military manage to return alive. And most of them return with disabilities. It’s common to go to a brothel before they serve the military.”

“He didn’t go to Azure Cloud Brothel for the women, but for two men,” the middle-aged man said smugly. This stunned Yun Fu’an and the wealthy-looking man.

The middle-aged man continued, “They were two senior Blood Cloud Bandits. Meng Chuan went to the Azure Cloud Brothel and killed one bandit first. Then, he pursued another infamous bandit—Blood Hand Zhao Can.”

“Blood Hand Zhao Can?” Yun Fu’an and the wealthy-looking man were alarmed.

Zhao Can had one arm sliced off at the scene. He then immediately fled in panic. Meng Chuan chased after him for about half a kilometer and killed him,” the middle-aged man said in amazement. “He’s impressive. Really impressive.”

Yun Fu’an couldn’t help but say, “He can kill Blood Hand Zhao Can? That’s an expert at the Seamless realm. I estimate Meng Chuan to at most be at the late-stage of the Mortal Shedding realm.”

“Could he have comprehended Force?” the middle-aged man guessed.

“Impossible.” Yun Fu’an immediately said, “If he had comprehended Force, all those people at Azure Cloud Brothel would have identified it. The news would have already spread throughout the city by now if that were the case.”

“That’s right. It’s impossible for him to have comprehended Force.” The wealthy-looking man added, “He only reached the Unity realm last year. How can he be that fast? If he really did... he should be able to kill Blood Hand Zhao Can in the Azure Cloud Brothel. And in fact, since he’s adept at speed, for him to kill Zhao Can only after half a kilometer means that the difference between them isn’t too great.”

“What Brother Bai says makes sense.” Yun Fu’an nodded.

“Both your families know that Fairy Meng’s severe injuries means that she can only live for a few more years,” said the wealthy-looking man with a smile. “With him achieving the secret technique at fifteen, she will definitely try her best to groom him. With Fairy Meng’s eighty years of experience as a Godfiend and all her grooming, Meng Chuan’s Godfiend foundation must be very robust. Although he is at the late-stages of the Mortal Shedding realm, the gap between his physical body and Blood Hand Zhao Can’s is probably not that great. Him being capable of suppressing Zhao Can is clearly because he’s at a higher realm in saber arts. He should have reached the peak of the Unity realm. Perhaps he will be able to comprehend Saber Force in two to three years.”

“Comprehend Force within two or three years?” Yun Fu’an snickered. “Brother Bai, I admit that he’s a genius, but it won’t be that easy for his saber art to breakthrough. Perhaps he will only achieve Force after he’s twenty.”

“Don’t underestimate him.” The wealthy-looking man shook his head. “Our Bai family has been keeping tabs. Meng Chuan draws his saber and strikes crossbow arrows daily, doing it eight thousand times a day. It’s said that he also cultivates in other ways... He’s indeed extraordinarily diligent.”

“Yes, yes, yes. He’s diligent. But if diligence is useful, there won’t be so few Godfiends,” Yun Fu’an continued. If the engagement hadn’t been annulled, he would naturally be happy to see Meng Chuan grow stronger. However, after annulling the engagement, he hoped that Meng Chuan would become as unpromising as possible. Most people were like that. If Yun Fu’an could still compose himself under such circumstances, the Three Heroes of the Yun Family would have become the Four Heroes of the Yun family.

...

The news caused an uproar in the outside world, and the Meng family clan was in an even more agitated, ebullient mood. There were heated discussions everywhere.

At the Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

“Chuan’er, you went out to have dinner with Qiyue. When you were on the way back, you scurried off to kill two Blood Cloud Bandits?” Meng Dajiang looked at his son, not knowing what to say.

“Dad, you know that I can sense auras within half a kilometer,” said Meng Chuan. “I sensed the two bloody auras from a distance. The auras were thicker than executioners’ who specialize in beheading others at the government court. That’s why I proceeded to carry out investigations. I heard their conversations from a hundred feet away and identified the disguised Zhao Can. Two Blood Cloud Bandits already deserve death, much less Blood Hand Zhao Can.”

Meng Dajiang nodded slightly.

“Dad, don’t worry. I didn’t use Saber Force. All I used was strength slightly greater than Blood Hand Zhao Can’s. I only killed him when there was no one around,” said Meng Chuan. He could sense the surroundings of half a kilometer, so he knew very well if there was anyone else around.

“Alright.”

Meng Dajiang nodded with a smile. “Now, people are saying that your saber arts have reached the peak of the Unity realm and that you aren’t far from comprehending Saber Force. Sometime in the middle of next year, we can announce that you have achieved Saber Force. It will be considered quite natural. By the way, the government court has verified that it’s indeed Blood Hand Zhao Can. The other deceased was checked for tattoos and has been identified as a Blood Cloud Bandit.”

“The cash and treasures they have on them—as well as weapons when converted to silver— together with the Imperial Court’s bounty amounts to a total of 160,000 taels.” Meng Dajiang took out a stack of banknotes. “This is a gift from the family clan. Your spoils of war.”

“Zhao Can took out plenty of money to beg for mercy before he died,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Dad, you don’t have to give it to me.”

“Your spoils of war will naturally be yours. You’ve grown up, so you should deal with them yourself.” Meng Dajiang the cash over.

Meng Chuan had no choice but to accept it.

Tens of thousands of silver taels... That was equivalent to the total wealth of wealthy families like the Zhou family. Even for the Blood Cloud Bandits, that was a huge sum of money.

But to a Godfiend family like the Meng family, they thought nothing of it.

...

He returned to his room and leaned against the bed. Under the night light, Meng Chuan flipped through the thick stack of notes. Including the money he had received from Zhao Can, there was a total of 50,000 taels of silver.

Even at my age, the most I’ve ever had on me was five thousand taels of silver. Meng Chuan sighed. Although he was famous and highly valued by the family, he didn’t earn any money. The family gave him a small monthly allowance, and his father gave him some pocket money. He didn’t spend much money, and over time, he had only accumulated five thousand taels of silver after all this while. He was far inferior to many wealthy businessmen.

Yet, he had received so much in one day.

After taking a look, he casually put the money aside, and his gaze fell on the black metal piece wrapped in cotton cloth.

Compared to the banknotes, he was even more curious about the Godfiend item. However, he didn’t have many expectations. After all, it was too damaged.

This damaged piece of black metal. Meng Chuan picked up the piece of black metal, and an incomparably domineering Godfiend aura spread out from the black metal piece. This prompted Meng Chuan to take a more careful look. Although his room was only lit by the moonlight, Meng Chuan didn’t need to rely on his eyes to “look” at things. His senses penetrated every inch of the black metal piece.

As he examined it, the piece of black metal had an invisible attraction that affected him.

In an instant, he felt his consciousness being pulled into the black metal piece.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: Lightning Devastator Saber
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As his consciousness was drawn in, he saw a stalwart man with disheveled hair standing at the top of a mountain. The surrounding mountains stretched out afar as a river ran through the valley. The sun hung high in the sky.

However, even those mountains, rivers, and sun seemed lacking in front of that man.

From afar, the stalwart man looked in Meng Chuan’s direction and finally picked up a rough black saber beside him. It was also very long.

Boom!

He looked coldly at Meng Chuan and swung his saber.

A terrifying saber beam rapidly expanded in front of his “eyes.” In the face of this terrifying saber strike that could tear the world asunder, there was no way Meng Chuan could stop himself from feeling fear. It was the same fear that mortals had of being struck by lightning! This was a strike that was even more terrifying than heavenly lightning... but there was no way for Meng Chuan’s consciousness to dodge. He could only endure it.

Rumble... The saber beam struck his consciousness.

“Ah.” Meng Chuan suddenly extricated himself from the black metal piece. He clutched his head in pain, and blood flowed out from his nose. He let out an instinctive, painful grunt before losing consciousness.

The night was very quiet.

People in Mirror Lake Meng Manor didn’t know that the Young Master Meng Chuan, who they were so proud of, had lost consciousness.

Time slowly passed.

Several hours later, Meng Chuan—who had squirmed into a bunch—slowly opened his eyes after his eyelids twitched.

It hurts. Meng Chuan felt a splitting headache, and his memories were a mess. He didn’t know who he was or where he was.

Meng Chuan only snapped awake completely quite some time after he woke up. Last night, I investigated that black metal piece. My consciousness was pulled into it, and it hurt my head. Meng Chuan’s headache was excruciating. He lay on the bed for a while before slowly getting up. However, when he sat up, he felt dizzy. He looked out the window. The sky had just become a little bright, and the moon could still be seen in the sky.

It hurts so badly. Meng Chuan tried his best to stand up, but his body swayed before falling back into bed. He was unable to maintain his balance, and there was a throbbing pain in his head. He tried his best to focus, and thanks to the hard efforts of his will, he finally managed to stand up and walk.

This black metal piece has really made me suffer. Right now, Meng Chuan didn’t even want to obtain the legacy from the black metal piece. Just thinking was enough to make his head feel stabbing pain. It was clearly not the time to study the legacy.

Gulp! Gulp! Gulp!

After drinking two large bowls of cold water that he had kept through the night, he washed his face with cold water to snap himself awake.

He pushed open the door and stood in the corridor, shouting, “Servants.”

A maidservant rushed to the yard’s entrance. After entering, she respectfully said, “Young Master.”

“Prepare some hot water. I want to take a bath.”

Bathing in the morning? The maidservant was a little puzzled, but she didn’t dare ask further. She respectfully said, “Yes, Young Master.”

Soon—

Several buckets of hot water filled a bathtub. After Meng Chuan dismissed his servants, he took off his clothes and soaked himself in the bathtub. He felt much better.

Lying down was comfortable as his head hurt. In a daze, he fell asleep for a short moment. He felt much better once he woke up again.

I’m feeling much better. Only then did he look at his glabella space. He saw that the tiny translucent person standing there was much dimmer than before. It seems the damage was quite significant.

He trembled slightly. The water in the bathtub had turned cold, so he immediately stood up and wiped his body before putting on clothes.

When he came out, he instructed his servants, “For the next three days, I’ll be stopping my cultivating. I need to meditate.”

...

“Young Master isn’t cultivating?”

“Young Master splits eight thousand repeater crossbow arrows every day. He’s actually stopping for three days?”

“He’s been cultivating all this while. Meditating at times might bring about better effects. Moreover, he had killed two Blood Cloud Bandits last night.”

“That’s right. One of them was Blood Hand Zhao Can. I believe that the battle must have given the Young Master some insight. That’s probably why he wants to meditate.” The servants and guards were chatting.

...

Killing two Blood Cloud Bandit members was easy; on the contrary, he was heavily injured by the black metal piece. However, Meng Chuan wasn’t in a hurry. He realized his headache slowly subsiding as time went by. His control over his body gradually recovered.

For the next three days, he spent his days in a relaxed manner. He read Godfiend biographies as he lay on a reclining chair and leisurely drew in the study.

Completely relaxing sped up his recovery! He could tell with his inner sight that the translucent figure between his glabella was gradually regaining its former luster.

On the third day, Meng Chuan began to study the information he received from the damaged black metal piece.

The legacy I received was the seventeenth stance of the Lightning Devastator Saber, the Five Lightning Descent. It’s not even a complete move? I didn’t even manage to withstand a complete strike before I passed out? Meng Chuan laughed self-deprecatingly. He recalled that when his consciousness was brought into the black metal piece, a large amount of information had entered his consciousness when he was struck by that saber.

However, his consciousness was only able to withstand a portion of it before falling into a coma. This was an instinctive form of protection.

However, Meng Chuan still carefully studied the legacy’s information. The information contained partial secrets to the seventeenth stance of the Lightning Devastator Saber.

Every single word, every single diagram, and description contained boundless information, causing Meng Chuan to feel a sense of oppression.

The strike of the Five Lightning Descent is actually a series of five strikes. The first strike is extremely terrifying, while the second one is even more powerful. Five consecutive strikes would result in a qualitative change in potency. The power is simply unimaginable.

The legacy I received was only the first two strikes of the Five Lightning Descent; yet, that’s already the most complicated saber art I have ever seen. Meng Chuan shook his head. The requirements for the physical body and Quintessential Energy were too high.

...

His injuries were not completely healed, but he was no longer affected in his normal cultivation of the Saber Drawing Stance and movement techniques.

Meng Chuan fully recovered two months after receiving the black metal piece’s legacy. Only then could he activate the Power of the Soul again.

He also made up his mind.

Unless I have a qualitative change in my glabella’s soul, I will not investigate the black metal piece again. Only after he had completely recovered did he begin to cultivate the first two strikes of the Five Lightning Descent.

However, when he did so, he realized that he couldn’t use it under normal circumstances. Having comprehended Saber Force, his control over his physical body and Quintessential Energy was considered high among mortals. Still, it was clear that he hadn’t reached the threshold required by the two strikes. Only by using his Power of the Soul to infuse his body and raise his control over his physical body and Quintessential Energy could he barely execute the two saber moves.

With a single slash, the lightning in his body would flash. This technique was a perfect match with the Lightning Divine Body.

When he struck out with the two moves, lightning in his body surged together with his Quintessential Energy.

Unfortunately, he didn’t have the secrets to the third saber move. All he could do was release the accumulated lightning and surging Quintessential Energy in his body as a third move.

...

Time passed. Winter went, and spring came. Another year had passed.

In the Skydemon Sect branch hall.

Boom! A door slowly pushed open. A white-browed man walked out with his hands behind his back.

“Brother.” The hunchbacked man and a muscular man revealed smiles.

“In the past half-year that I’ve been in seclusion, did anything major happen in Eastcalm Prefecture?” the white-browed man asked.

“Brother, Eastcalm Prefecture is still the same as before. If something really major were to happen, we would have woken you up a long time ago.” The muscular man laughed.

“Okay.” The white-browed man nodded.

The burly man seemed to recall something. He immediately took out a scroll and handed it to the white-browed man. “By the way, Brother, the Blood Cloud Bandits wanted to sell us a damaged black metal piece a few months ago. It didn’t catch Brother Gao’s fancy, but I do sense a powerful Godfiend aura from it. Could it be a fragment of the legendary Black Metal Sutra?”

“The Black Metal Sutra refers to Meteorite Metal. Did you check if it’s Meteorite Metal?” pressed the white-browed man.

“When I came out of seclusion, those two Blood Cloud Bandits were long dead. I didn’t even have the chance to come into contact with that black metal piece,” the muscular man said.

The white-browed man nodded. He took the painting and unfurled it to take a look. The painting illustrated the damaged black metal piece, and its damaged appearance was very clear.

“I’ll investigate.” Although the white-browed man said so, he immediately headed towards his residence.

...

In an underground study.

There were many books placed here. The white-browed man took out a stack of paintings and flipped through several of them before finally pulling one out.

In the painting, there were twenty-six pieces of black metal fragments. The white-browed man carefully compared the twenty-six black metal fragments that matched the black metal fragment in the painting.

The traces at the edges are identical. This is indeed a fragment of the Black Metal Sutra’s Lightning Devastator Saber. The white-browed man nodded slightly. If it were a complete Black Metal Sutra, demon monarchs would have long come to fight for it. A small fragment held limited interest to the demon monarchs. Demons also had their own legacies that were even more powerful than the humans’.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: Black Metal Sutra Fragment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the hall, the hunchbacked man and Tu looked at the branch master.

“Brother.” Tu couldn’t help but ask, “Is this really a fragment of the Black Metal Sutra?”

The white-browed man nodded. “In the history of the human race, portions of the Black Metal Sutra had gone missing. It was confirmed to have shattered into eight fragments. The demons have also recorded the appearances of the eight fragments. Back when I flipped through their records, I deliberately recorded it when I saw it.”

“When I cultivate on the mountain, I can enter the library once a month,” said Tu with a smile. “But I usually read cultivation manuals. I don’t even bother to spend time on those useless books. Brother, you’re the best. You actually keep it in mind to memorize such stuff. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to recognize the fragment of the Black Metal Sutra.”

“These intelligence reports are confidential to humans, but the demons do not pay much attention to them. Even if they obtain the Black Metal Sutra... the demons are unable to cultivate it. They are only used for reference,” the white-browed man said. “I’ve identified the fragment that the Blood Cloud Bandits wanted to sell to us is the Lightning Devastator Saber legacy. The complete Black Metal Sutra’s Lightning Devastator Saber legacy is split into twenty-six pieces.”

“According to the reward set by the demons, a complete Black Metal Sutra can be exchanged for a million credits,” said the white-browed man.

“A million credits.” The hunchbacked man and Tu’s eyes lit up.

“It’s impossible to gather all the fragments since some of them have long been collected by Archean Mountain, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, and Two World Island. Some have fallen into the hands of the demons, while some have been scattered all over the world. How can they be gathered? As we are unable to gather all of them, a fragment will give us ten thousand credits,” said the white-browed man. “Ten thousand credits... For just ten thousand credits, the demon monarchs will not be willing to risk their lives to enter human cities. But for us, it’s worth the risk.”

“Let’s risk it.” Tu’s eyes turned red.

“I’ve been in the Skydemon Sect for thirty years. I’ve only accumulated 1200 credits.” The hunchbacked man gritted his teeth. “Let’s take the risk.”

“Same old rules. After we succeed, I’ll get sixty percent. The two of you will each get twenty percent,” said the white-browed man. “Any objections?”

“No.”

“It’s your call,” replied Tu, and the hunchbacked man immediately.

In Skydemon Sect, the strong were supreme. Even if they joined forces, they were no match for the branch master. They were satisfied getting twenty percent each while the branch master took sixty percent.

“If you didn’t tell us, we wouldn’t be certain that it’s the Black Metal Sutra fragment,” said the hunchbacked man immediately.

“In all my years at the Skydemon Sect, I have only accumulated 5000 credits. If I were to receive 6000 credits this time... I would have a chance of entering the Demon Transformation Pool and becoming a Skydemon,” said the white-browed man.

“Brother, you have already condensed a demon core for over a decade. You will definitely become a Skydemon once you enter the Demon Transformation Pool,” said Tu.

Skydemon was the cultivation path the demons created for human traitors. It was equivalent to demon monarchs and human Godfiends.

“Since we have decided to take the risk,” the white-browed man swept the area with his gaze, then said calmly, “you have to understand that this operation is extremely dangerous.”

“Yes.” The hunchbacked man and Tu were extremely solemn.

“Eastcalm Prefecture is a human city. There’s a Godfiend from Jadesun Palace presiding over it! The five Godfiend clans should have two or three Godfiends present. If any Godfiend discovers us, we’ll definitely die,” the white-browed man said. “In fact, if we are held back by human experts, we’ll still die once the human experts swarm us.”

“Understood.” The two vice branch masters nodded.

The Skydemon Sect... could only hide in the shadows.

After all, it was only a sect formed by human traitors. Although the demons had created a unique Skydemon cultivation system for these traitors, the Skydemon Sect’s overall strength was far inferior to humans. Their only advantage was that they were humans. Furthermore, the Skydemon system was adept at concealing their auras, allowing them to hide in human cities. However, once they were exposed, humans could easily kill them.

The hunchbacked man said, “Branch Master, your strength is nearly invincible under Godfiends. As long as we act fast enough, we can quickly escape. It would be too late by the time those Godfiends arrive.”

“Don’t be careless,” said the white-browed man. “Among the mortals in Eastcalm Prefecture, there are three who can restrain me. The Yun family’s Yun Fucheng, the Zhang family’s Zhang Yong, as well as the Bai family’s Bai Shuwan. The three of them are all experts at the Core Condensation realm. Although they aren’t my match, they can still hold me back for a while. Therefore, I have to avoid the three of them as much as possible.”

“Alright.” The duo nodded.

The branch master was practically invincible under the Godfiend realm in Eastcalm Prefecture.

As for the two vice branch masters, they were weaker. Although they had already comprehended Force and knew many demonic spells, they had yet to reach the Core Condensation realm. In Eastcalm Prefecture, there were more than ten people who could match them.

“According to what the two of you’ve said,” the white-browed man said, “those two Blood Cloud Bandits died at the hands of the Meng family’s Meng Chuan. Then, the fragment of the Black Metal Sutra might be in his hands.”

“This is such an important treasure. Blood Hand Zhao Can would definitely carry it with him out of worry,” said Tu. “I’ve also secretly investigated this matter. When the two Blood Cloud Bandit corpses were handled, many people were present. They didn’t find the Black Metal Sutra fragment. There’s a high chance that it’s in the hands of Meng Chuan.”

The white-browed man nodded. “The Black Metal Sutra is mysterious and unfathomable. Ordinary Godfiends would find it difficult to pry into its secrets. Only some powerful Godfiends and demon monarchs are able to pry into the profundity of the legacy. Meng Chuan is only seventeen-years-old, so he won’t be able to discover any secrets from it. At most, he will treat it as a Godfiend fragment. He likely wouldn’t carry it with him daily.”

“Yes.” The hunchbacked man and Tu’s eyes lit up.

“Brother, you mean...” said the hunchbacked man immediately.

“The Black Metal Sutra might very well be somewhere in the Mirror Lake Meng Manor,” the white-browed man said. “It’s very likely to be hidden in Meng Chuan’s residence.”

“Activate our Skydemon Sect assets in Eastcalm Prefecture. Think of a way to infiltrate the Mirror Lake Meng Manor,” said the white-browed man. “Search through Meng Chuan’s residence. If the black metal piece can be stolen, even better.”

“Yes.” The duo nodded.

If it wasn’t necessary, they wouldn’t want to fight the Meng family.

There were a group of Seamless realm experts in the Meng family. Three of them had comprehended Force! Furthermore, Liu Yebai was an expert who had achieved Force as well. Most importantly, there was also the terrifying Godfiend, Fairy Meng. If Fairy Meng discovered them, none of them could escape.

Therefore, they had no choice but to use their wits.

...

The Skydemon Sect members that were lurking in human cities were best at gathering intelligence.

They used demonic spells to control an old servant and a maidservant who frequently cleaned Meng Chuan’s yard. When Meng Chuan practiced his Saber Drawing Stance in the training grounds, the old servant and maidservant would search the residence while they did their daily cleaning chores. They even found the banknotes hidden by Meng Chuan, but since demonic spells controlled them, they obediently left the banknotes in their original spots to prevent the enemy from being alerted.

However, they couldn’t find the black metal piece.

It was because Meng Chuan had long discovered the black metal piece’s wonders. It was even more precious than the remnant Godfiend legacy page given to him by the Third Elder.

Therefore, he hid both the black metal piece and the Godfiend legacy remnant in his father’s secret underground chamber. It was the safest place, and there were many traps. If anyone dared to infiltrate the secret chamber, the entire Mirror Lake Meng Manor would be notified.

Since it was hidden so well, only Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang knew how to activate the chamber’s mechanism.

The Skydemon Sect tried all means to find the black metal piece, but it was to no avail.

...

“What do we do? We haven’t been able to find it.” The three leaders of the Skydemon Sect of the Eastcalm branch sat down in a rather oppressive atmosphere.

“We have to obtain that ten thousand credits.” The white-browed man’s eyes were cold as he said, “Since we can’t find it covertly, there’s only one method—capture Meng Chuan alive! We shall interrogate him first and learn where it’s hidden. That way, we might be able to obtain the black metal piece easily. If he has given it to the family clan and is hidden by the Meng family, we can use Meng Chuan to force the Meng family into exchanging. The Meng family has definitely placed great importance on Meng Chuan since he grasped the secret technique at fifteen-years-old. They will be willing to exchange the black metal piece for his life.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: Assassination at Night
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

th February, night.

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Yan Jin walked out of Cloud River Restaurant.

“I’ll definitely beat you next time,” said Yan Jin.

“But in the past half-year, you’ve already lost three times,” said Meng Chuan with a laugh. Ever since Meng Chuan had saved Yan Jin’s life when they fought side-by-side at Idle Stone Garden, their relationship had blossomed. Yan Jin would occasionally visit Mirror Lake Meng Manor to spar with Meng Chuan. He had a robust Godfiend foundation, and his Yin-Yang dual-sword technique was extremely powerful as well. Unbeknownst to him, Meng Chuan had already comprehended Force a long time ago.

Thus, in the three sparring matches against Meng Chuan, Yan Jin always suffered a narrow defeat.

There was nothing he could do. For now, Meng Chuan had to hide his “Force,” and could only unleash a portion of his power. But even so, defeating Yan Jin—who had yet to gain insights into Force—was quite easy. Withholding his true strength ended up more difficult.

“I’ve already vaguely grasped the threshold to Force while sparring with you today.” Yan Jin looked at Meng Chuan. “Next time, I’ll be much stronger than I am now.”

“Then I’ll be waiting,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“Grasped Force? Stop bragging,” Liu Qiyue said from the side.

“Humph.” Yan Jin was too lazy to argue and turned to leave alone.

However, Meng Chuan could sense a powerful aura hundreds of feet away from Yan Jin. It was silently following him. In fact, whenever Yan Jin visited Mirror Lake Meng Manor to spar with him, the aura had also been waiting outside his residence.

That old servant doesn’t follow him anymore. Instead, there’s a mysterious expert following him in secret. It seems that his family sent stronger guards after he was injured last time.

“Ah Chuan, Yan Jin said he’s about to achieve Force. What about you?” Liu Qiyue asked. “Don’t lose to him.”

“I’ll secretly tell you a secret,” whispered Meng Chuan. “I think I have hope of comprehending Force within a few months.”

“You’ve also sensed the threshold to Saber Force?” Liu Qiyue was surprised, but her ears began to turn red.

“Yes, you have to keep it a secret.”

“Definitely, I’ll definitely keep it a secret.” Liu Qiyue nodded immediately.

Seeing Qiyue like this, Meng Chuan couldn’t help but chuckle inwardly.

They walked alongside each other as they headed home. It was still early spring, and the nights were still cold. The duo walked shoulder-to-shoulder.

Qiyue has grown up too. Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue and sighed. He clearly remembered this snot-nosed little girl being hand-held into the Meng residence by Uncle Liu. In the blink of an eye, she was already sixteen-years-old.

Although he had been diligent in his cultivation all these years, he spent his time with Qiyue every day. He would even be dragged out by Qiyue every few days to have a “feast.” Although his heart ached for the money, he had a great time eating and drinking together.

The cold wind from the early-spring evening was bone-piercing, but Meng Chuan found it pleasant.

Oh? His heart palpitated as he sensed three powerful demonic auras appear within half a kilometer of him. They were rapidly approaching him.

It’s that Skydemon Sect expert from Idle Stone Garden? Meng Chuan immediately recognized one of them. Back then, the hunchbacked man’s demonic aura had invaded his body, causing him to suffer quite a bit. His grandaunt had personally helped him expel the demonic aura. Therefore, when he sensed the three demonic auras, he found one of them very familiar. He was certain that it was the hunchbacked man.

Three auras. The two weaker auras are similar to Father’s and the others’. However, there is an aura that is stronger than Father’s and Uncle Liu’s. This aura is very powerful and very strange. Meng Chuan felt an immense threat.

They are rapidly approaching. Are they targeting me? Or are they targeting someone else? Meng Chuan couldn’t help but guess.

He immediately made up his mind and said to Liu Qiyue, “Qiyue, I just recalled something. I need to go to the ancestral mansion immediately. Head back without me.”

“You’re heading to the ancestral mansion? Alright.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “But don’t let history repeat itself. Throwing me behind and running to Azure Cloud Brothel to kill two Blood Cloud Bandits.”

“Do you think it’s that easy meeting Blood Cloud Bandits?” Meng Chuan laughed. “Alright, I’ll be off to the ancestral mansion.” With that said, he turned around and walked towards the ancestral mansion.

Liu Qiyue didn’t think too much about it and returned to Meng Manor.

...

They didn’t follow Qiyue but continued to follow after me. Meng Chuan walked to a deserted street. Most Eastcalm Prefecture citizens slept early at night. Candles were very costly, and ordinary people needed to be thrifty.

Apart from the restaurants and tea shops, many places were pitch-black.

The cold wind blew.

Meng Chuan walked alone.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The three Skydemon Sect experts silently landed on a roof as they looked at the lonely figure walking in the distance. The white-browed man’s eyes were faintly glowing golden. He could see a distance of almost one kilometer at night, much less during the day.

“Brother, he’s heading towards the Meng family’s ancestral mansion,” the hunchbacked man said softly.

Vice Branch Master Tu immediately said, “We have to act immediately. If we let him continue his journey, we will be too close to the Meng family’s ancestral mansion. If we attack him and he sends a distress signal... Fairy Meng would probably arrive shortly.”

“Yes.” The white-browed man nodded. “I’ll ambush him from behind and capture him alive. The two of you are to ambush him from the front. If we fail our ambush, we’ll surround him from three sides. He will have nowhere to run.”

The hunchbacked man and Vice Branch Master Tu nodded. “Alright.” Both of them trusted their elder brother’s capabilities.

“Move out.” The white-browed man gave the order.

The trio quickly separated. The white-browed man silently closed in from behind, while the hunchbacked man and the other two rushed forward to block Meng Chuan’s path.

...

Here they come. Meng Chuan could sense them very clearly, and he was exceptionally calm right now.

The powerful aura rapidly approached him without making a sound.

Oh? Meng Chuan seemed to sense something as he turned his head to look in the direction where the white-browed man was about 800 feet away. The white-browed man was tall; his eyes were long and narrow, and his pupils were golden. His white eyebrows were so long they drooped. A gray demonic aura enveloped his entire body. Each of his two hands held a scimitar.

Their gazes met.

When Meng Chuan saw the white-eyebrowed, golden-eyed expert emit the demonic aura, his expression changed drastically. With a whoosh, he transformed into a blur as he charged forward.

He discovered me even before I made a move? Murong You was like a giant bird in the darkness, but he was 80 feet away. Yet, he had been discovered. This made him rather astonished.

Unbeknownst to him, as soon as he was 100 feet from Meng Chuan, Meng Chuan was able to “see” him carefully. He had intentionally turned his head to pretend like he had discovered his enemy.

Murong You was adept at sneak attacks and assassination. He often hid behind his enemy without them ever detecting him. Now, he had been discovered in this chilly windy night when he had been 80 feet away. Murong You felt rather aggrieved.

He was lucky. It just so happened that he turned his head.Murong You didn’t have the luxury of time to think.

Swoosh!

The fleeing Meng Chuan took out a distress flare and activated it immediately. The flare shot into the sky, becoming very eye-catching in the darkness.

Murong You coldly shouted, “Block him!”

Run! Meng Chuan fled in a panic, but his speed was extremely fast.

“Young Master Meng, your speed is much faster than before.” A figure flew out from the darkness. It was none other than the hunchbacked man who exuded a green demonic aura. The hunchbacked man’s green eyes stared at him as he lunged forward.

“The improvement of a genius is naturally fast.” Another figure rushed out from the other side. Vice Branch Master Tu—a muscular man who emanated a black demonic aura—chuckled as he wielded a huge axe. He looked like a giant bear.

“What!?” Meng Chuan wore a furious, alarmed look.

Behind him was the terrifying golden-eyed, white-browed expert. He was desperately trying to escape, but there were experts in front of him—each attacking him from the flanks.

“Skydemon Sect! How dare you ambush me! My Meng family will definitely not let you off!” As he roared, he chose to flee towards the hunchbacked man.

“Haha, the Meng family won’t be able to save you in time.” Seeing Meng Chuan coming towards him, the hunchbacked man went to intercept him immediately.

More than half a year ago, the hunchbacked man had exchanged blows with Meng Chuan. At the time, he had sent his fingernails flying, and Meng Chuan had almost lost his life from the severe injuries.

The hunchbacked man was naturally very confident.

“Stop.” The hunched man flicked his finger, sending a fingernail flying out with terrifying might.

At this close distance, Meng Chuan barely dodged the attack, but this greatly reduced his speed.

“Haha.” The hunchbacked man laughed loudly as he stretched out his sharp claws. They turned into vague shadows as he grabbed at Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan—who was escaping desperately—slashed out instantly without any warning.

He infused the Power of the Soul into his whole body. His Quintessential Energy—fifteen times greater than normal—and physical body perfectly fused. After the fusion, he released his Saber Force! Meng Chuan had cultivated the Saber Drawing Stance the most, and it was the fastest attack he could deliver! The 17th stance of the Lightning Devastator Saber had allowed him to discover a brilliant method of fusing his body with his Quintessential Energy. When used, the lightning from his Lightning Divine Body would become denser, making him faster.

Ever since he integrated some of Lightning Devastator Saber’s secrets into the Saber Drawing Stance, its strength by nearly 50%.

Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance! A cold light flashed in his eyes.

Following the Saber Force, a surge of energy erupted from his body as a terrifying strike containing his Quintessential Energy formed. Having stirred up the Heaven and Earth powers, it became a terrifying saber beam that was over 100 feet long.

The saber beam was so dazzling it was hard to see the true body of the saber.

Pfft.

The hunchbacked man was initially confident, but when he suddenly saw a blinding saber beam appear in front of him, he instinctively used both his claws to protect his vitals. Before he could see the saber, his waist was injured.

The hunchbacked man’s lower body was still moving, but his upper body had already fallen to the ground. It tumbled about, covering the ground in blood.

He had been sliced in two with a single strike!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: What Monster is He!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Skydemon Sect’s Eastcalm Branch Master, Murong You, and Vice Branch Master, Tu Shang, were originally filled with confidence. They initially wanted to corner Meng Chuan from three sides and capture him alive.

But who would have thought the fleeing Meng Chuan would suddenly turn around and attack!

That strike was too amazing! The beautiful saber strike even formed a dazzling saber beam that was over 100 feet long! It killed their companion with a single slash.

Brother Gao died just like that? One strike? Tu couldn’t help but feel fear rising in his heart.

That saber strike. The white-browed man—Murong You—was equally alarmed. That strike was too fast and too sudden. Only I will be capable of blocking it. Brother Gao and Brother Tu aren’t able to defend against it. This Meng Chuan is only 17 years old this year! He used one strike to kill Brother Gao, who can release his demonic aura. What kind of monster is he?

This Meng Chuan is too strong. He’s no weaker than the legendary geniuses. Tu was flustered. Meng Chuan was simply too powerful, so powerful that it was inconceivable. Indeed, such terrifying geniuses were only found in legends.

“Meng Chuan, Meng Chuan...” The hunchbacked man, who only had his upper torso left, grabbed the ground with his claws. He was tenacious, and he continued to stare at Meng Chuan. For an expert like him, he could still stay alive for a while despite his body being cut in two.

Instead of fleeing, Meng Chuan stopped and looked at the hunchbacked man.

Pfft.

With a blade flash, a red dot appeared between the hunchbacked man’s eyebrows. Only then did his eyes widen, and pupils dilate. His arms collapsed limply and did not make another sound.

Following which, Meng Chuan’s gaze landed on Tu, and he spoke softly, “It’s your turn.” After speaking, his figure blurred as he dashed towards Tu. Meng Chuan had been acting all along.

It was due to lacking choices.

He determined that the white-browed man was extremely powerful from his aura, much more powerful than his father or Uncle Liu. Even if he used all of his strength and fused the Power of the Soul, he didn’t have the confidence to deal with him at all. Therefore, he decided to kill the weaker enemies one by one! He deliberately fled towards the hunchbacked man and baited him into chasing.

The Saber Drawing Stance’s speed was actually secondary. His plan was a psychological strategy. It was to trick his enemies into believing they could capture him easily. The moment the opponent was about to catch up, he drew his saber!

It was completely unexpected. The enemy would be caught off-guard. And at that defenseless moment—a split-second—the saber beam would slice through the opponent’s neck.

Therefore, psychological strategies were essential to the Saber Drawing Stance. Psychology played a big factor in whether he could unleash this attack well. The other factor was his diligent 8000 repetitions a day.

If they were to engage in direct combat, both sides would be extremely focused and go all out. Even if Meng Chuan used Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance, the hunchbacked man would instinctively defend against it. The threat of this strike would have been halved, lowering Meng Chuan’s chances of killing him. After all, his opponent was a Seamless realm expert who had comprehended Force and could cast demonic spells.

This was how life-and-death battles were. Psychology, environment, condition while in battle. All sorts of factors determined a battle’s outcome.

...

Upon seeing Meng Chuan kill Gao and rush over to him, Tu’s heart skipped a beat. He was afraid! “Brother, save me.” Tu turned around and fled towards Murong You.

Murong You also charged at his companion with all his might. Before Meng Chuan could catch up to Tu, he reached Tu.

“Prepare to die.” Murong You didn’t hesitate in the slightest. He brandished his scimitars and chopped at the charging Meng Chuan.

Oh? Meng Chuan frowned.

The two scimitars struck out with a gray demonic aura, slicing the air apart like tofu. No saber beam was formed. Saber beams were high-pressure airwaves formed by the compressed air due to cleaving the air. At Murong You’s realm, he was able to stir the Heaven and Earth powers, causing air to no longer be an obstruction.

These two strikes were very clear in his “senses” and terrifying. They were in no way inferior to his Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance.

I won’t be able to defend against such a move if I don’t fuse my Power of the Soul with my body. Cognizant of this point, Meng Chuan turned around and swiftly circled the area about sixty feet away.

Whoosh.

Using his movement technique, he was like a hunting wolf as he circled around Murong You and Tu. Occasionally, he would rush forward to deliver a blow.

Tu lacked the confidence to fight him head-on. All he did was dodge time and time again.

“He’s too fast.” Tu immediately asked, “Brother, what do we do?”

“His speed is greater than mine. Even if he has the Lightning Divine Body that’s best at speed, he shouldn’t be this fast. How robust is his Godfiend foundation?” Murong You couldn’t believe it. He had already condensed a demon core. Although he cultivated a formula that didn’t focus on extreme speed, his speed was still quite high.

However, he was actually suppressed by Meng Chuan when it came to speed.

Unbeknownst to him, Meng Chuan’s Godfiend foundation was just one component to his speed. His physical body was comparable to Vice Branch Masters Tu and Gao while he was in the late-stage Mortal Shedding realm. Naturally, the Godfiend Body he cultivated had far surpassed Tu’s.

He had also obtained the Lightning Devastator Saber where he learned some physical body and Quintessential Energy special techniques that increased the density of the lightning in his body. This made him faster.

Thus, even in his normal state, he could move faster than Murong You.

“We can’t continue fighting him,” said Murong You via voice transmission. “If we drag this on for too long, Fairy Meng will probably arrive. Then, both of us will be dead.”

“What do we do?” Tu asked.

“Young Master Meng’s reputation is one of benevolence. We will kill the surrounding residents, forcing him to fight us. As long as we are close enough—with your life-preservation means being stronger than Brother Gao’s—you don’t have to worry. At most, you’ll need to cast a forbidden spell. Besides, I’m by your side,” Murong You said with a voice transmission.

“Alright.” Tu narrowed his eyes. His eyes were glowing red, and the black demonic aura around him became denser. “If I use a forbidden spell, I can hold him back for a short time.”

Boom! Boom! The two charged towards the residences beside them. With a bang, they crashed through walls and rushed in.

“You have a death wish!” Meng Chuan’s eyes instantly turned red. He was indeed not in a hurry just now.

The two Skydemon Sect experts would be finished if he could hold them long enough for his grandaunt to arrive. He had released his flare, and he wasn’t far from the ancestral mansion where Fairy Meng resided. However, despair gives courage even to a coward. The two Skydemon Sect experts began targeting the commoners.

Boom!

Meng Chuan couldn’t care about anything else. The Power of the Soul fused with his body instantly, and his heartbeats could be heard. It was as though a gust of wind was howling in his lungs. The sound of his internal organs operating was extremely clear. Blood gushed like a river, and wisps of Quintessential Energy flowed through every meridian in his body. His control over his body and Quintessential Energy immediately rose to new limits.

His speed rose! He had only been slightly faster than Murong You before this, but now, he was much faster.

Murong You and Tu had just barged into a residence when they discovered a figure behind them.

“What monster is he!” Both of them were so frightened that their hearts palpated with fear.

Meng Chuan had never moved at such speeds.

Previously, he had only fused the Power of the Soul with his saber to unleash Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance, but now that he had pushed himself to his maximum speed—his strongest trait—he truly frightened the two of them.

“Let’s go all out.” In the midst of the crisis, Tu’s black demonic aura turned slightly red, and a bloody aura emanated from him.

Murong You also brandished his scimitars and charged towards Meng Chuan.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan’s speed was simply too fast. He went straight for Tu. He was trying to take another one down.

“Die.” Tu knew that there was no way out. Meng Chuan’s monster-like speed was simply too terrifying. He had no hope of escaping at all. All he could do was swing the axe in his hand with all his might.

“Die.” Murong You’s pair of scimitars moved exquisitely. His scimitars drew out arcs that slashed at Meng Chuan.

Pfft.

Meng Chuan’s blurry figure arrived in front of Tu in an instant. Meng Chuan had dodged one of Murong You’s scimitars with his speed. The other scimitar was redirected by a slight nudge from Meng Chuan’s saber. After fending off arrow volleys for so many years, his swift saber’s defensive and divertive abilities had become exceptional.

The scimitar ended up heading towards Tu thanks to Meng Chuan.

“What?” Murong You and Tu were shocked.

How did it turn into friendly fire? Murong You immediately retracted his saber while Tu dodged.

Swoosh.

It was a gentle slice. This extremely gentle and faint slice silently emerged from the darkness.

As Tu avoided Murong You’s scimitar, he heaved a sigh of relief. He then discovered the faint saber beam had already reached his neck. Before he could react, the saber beam sliced through him.

Tu’s grip on his axe loosened, and the axe fell to the ground with a loud thud. He frantically grabbed at the wound on his throat. He wanted to live, but this strike was too vicious!

Meng Chuan landed to the side and coldly glanced at Tu—who was clasping his throat—before looking at the shocked Murong You.

How is this possible? I ended up helping him? Murong You couldn’t believe it.

Meng Chuan wasn’t surprised at all.

Murong You’s and Tu’s positions, movement speed, and movements were all acutely grasped by Meng Chuan due to his 100 feet domain and inconceivable speed. He only needed to position himself well and redirect the opponent’s full-strength attack to cause friendly fire.

Just that bit of time was enough for him to take out Tu’s life.

“You’re the only one left.” Meng Chuan looked at Murong You.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: Meng Chuan’s Third Saber Strike
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“We underestimated you too much,” Murong You—with his white-brows and golden eyes—spoke in a low voice. Following that, he transformed into a blur and fled east.

“Trying to flee?” Meng Chuan immediately pursued him without using the Power of the Soul. He could keep up with Murong You with his normal speed alone.

They rushed across roofs like ghosts in the night. Only the sound of the howling wind prevailed.

“Hubby, there’s some movement outside.”

“It has quietened down.” Inside the residence—which had its yard wall smashed through by Murong You and Vice Branch Master Tu Shang—a thin man stuck his head out from underneath a fallen roof beam. He looked outside carefully. In the darkness, he vaguely saw a muscular man about ten feet tall on the ground not far away. He was covered in black fur. At first glance, he looked like a large black bear. The thin man’s face turned pale, and he shrank back.

“Let’s not go out. No matter what happens, don’t bother.”

“What happened?”

“I didn’t see clearly, but it looks like a bear demon is lying in our courtyard. It’s about ten feet tall, much taller than our house’s roof beam.”

“What? A demon?”

The couple hid inside, not daring to go out again.

...

Within seconds, Murong You and Meng Chuan arrived close to a large river.

“Oh?” When Meng Chuan saw the river, he immediately understood. He’s unable to escape from me on land, so he wants to escape using the river? I’m not good at fighting underwater.

To experts, normal swimming and diving weren’t considered good enough.

Some water-aligned Godfiend bodies allowed one to be more agile than fishes when in water. They were extremely fast, and they could maintain high combat strength. Some demonic arts from the Skydemon Sect allowed their disciples to maintain relatively high combat strength in the water. The cultivation formula Meng Chuan had cultivated didn’t give him proficiency to fight in the water. He couldn’t even exert 10% of his strength underwater.

Humph! He’s so fast. He should have a Lightning Divine Body. I refuse to believe he still dares to chase me underwater. Murong You rushed towards the river.

At this point, Murong You had given up capturing Meng Chuan alive. All he wanted was to survive. This was because the Meng Chuan was unimaginably fast. Meng Chuan had even used him to kill Tu... It was a blow to his confidence.

As long as I can escape and report this to the higher-ups, I’ll gain plenty of credit. Meng Chuan has really hidden his strength well. He has clearly comprehended Saber Force for quite some time.

Meng Chuan’s saber arts were too exquisite. He didn’t look like a novice that had just comprehended Saber Force.

In truth, it had been more than half a year since Meng Chuan had comprehended Saber Force. Furthermore, he had fused some of the Lightning Devastator Saber’s secrets into his saber arts, making them more exquisite. With his hundred-foot domain, Meng Chuan was very capable in combat, thus giving Murong You the impression that Meng Chuan had comprehended Force for quite some time.

He might’ve comprehended Saber Force when he was sixteen. No. He might have comprehended when he was fifteen. The reported time for when he achieved the secret technique should be fake. He had probably figured out the secret technique when he was eleven or twelve. I was suppressed by him even though my demon core has been condensed for years. His talent is simply terrifying. If I report this to the demons, the demons will probably place a bounty on his head. When that happens, he’ll definitely die.

Oh? Murong You suddenly realized that Meng Chuan had suddenly increased his speed. In the blink of an eye, he was right behind him. He’s going all out. Murong You was alarmed. Back when Meng Chuan killed Tu, Murong You had witnessed the speeds Meng Chuan was capable of. Even so, he was still shocked seeing it a second time.

He was too fast!

Swoosh.

After confirming Murong You wanted to escape via the river, Meng Chuan did not delay any further. He had originally been stalling for time because he was waiting for his grandaunt to arrive. However, if he waited any longer, the other party would jump into the river and escape.

“Kill!” He decided to take one last gamble. He fused the Power of the Soul into his whole body. The absolute control over his physical body and Quintessential Energy made Meng Chuan feel omnipotent. He unleashed his power and chased after Murong You. As he did so, he struck out with his saber.

As his saber struck out, the lightning within his body exploded.

The 17th stance of the Lightning Devastator Saber—the first strike of the Five Lightning Descent!

If the Saber Drawing Stance was Meng Chuan’s go-to for dealing sneak attacks, then the partial Five Lightning Descent move was his strongest killing blow in a frontal assault. Its power was monstrous.

This strike was as fast as lightning, and an oppressive aura of magnificence accompanied it.

It’s so fast. Murong You felt like Meng Chuan’s attack was too fast. The saber strike was even faster and more domineering than Meng Chuan’s previous strikes.

It doesn’t pose a threat to me. Murong You instantly used a forbidden technique. His strength increased by a great deal, and his pair of scimitars perfectly sealed the area in front of him. With the sound of weapons clashing, Murong You perfectly parried the attack.

Boom!

Meng Chuan quickly followed up with a second strike.

His second strike carried the first strike’s might with it. The lightning in his body surged, and his Quintessential Energy gushed like tidal waves. This saber move was even more domineering. Although the saber beam was only ten feet long, it was much stronger than the Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance he had unleashed earlier.

Under the dark sky, Murong You’s vision blurred. He found the saber beam blinding.

Bam! Murong You was indeed skilled with wielding his two scimitars. He was able to block the attack with great difficulty. However, the beam transmitted a heavy force that reached his organs. Murong You’s body jolted, and his nasal cavities were filled with the smell of blood.

Now, the third saber strike! Meng Chuan’s eyes were filled with killing intent. After repeated usage of the Power of the Soul, Meng Chuan could only unleash one final strike. It was a desperate move.

He had obtained a portion of the Black Metal Sutra’s Lightning Devastator Saber 17th stance. He knew only the first two moves; the third move was unknown to him.

However, he used his knowledge of the first two moves to achieve his own version of the third attack. The lightning within his body rampaged. His Quintessential Energy flowed through his meridians, wave after wave. He wasn’t able to suppress the energies. He couldn’t redirect the energy and channel it into a fourth attack. All he could do was completely unleash all his power without any thought.

Whoosh.

The lightning and Quintessential Energy in his body entered his saber as he executed his final strike.

Whoosh.

It was unlike his previous two strikes. The first two strikes were powerful and dominating. Each strike faster and more domineering than the previous. The third strike was extremely soft. It was the Swaying Moonfall he had been cultivating for a very long time! He had used this technique to kill Tu Shang. However, the speed at which he delivered this Swaying Moonfall was far faster. After all, he had fused all energy accumulated from his first two moves, thus allowing him to deliver his most terrifying Swaying Moonfall.

The saber art was gentle and sinister, making its trajectory unpredictable.

This was a combination of moves Meng Chuan had devised by himself. By combining Five Lightning Descent’s first two moves, he could create a three-strike combo with Swaying Moonfall!

A combination of domineering and softness.

Not good. Murong You was used to blocking fast and furious strikes. He was prepared to block the third attack, but who would have thought the third attack would suddenly turn sinister and gentle? Murong You frantically tried to block it.

Murong You’s scimitars collided with the saber beam, but the beam was like moonlight pouring down, detectable but difficult to capture.

When Murong You’s scimitars touched the saber beam, a strange revolving force broke through his defense. The saber beam appeared before him.

This is bad. Murong You’s heart sank when he failed to block the attack. He instinctively used his arms to block.

Pfft!

An ethereal saber beam flashed.

An arm flew up, and a bloody gash appeared on Murong You’s chest.

Am I going to die by Meng Chuan’s hands? Murong You’s heart chilled. Although he survived the terrifying strike, he had lost an arm. The gaping wound on his chest caused his strength to drop drastically. He had half of his strength left.

He had been suppressed at his peak.

With half his peak strength left, Murong You felt disenchanted with the situation.

I didn’t manage to kill him? A chill ran down Meng Chuan’s spine. Using the Power of the Soul had exhausted him. He wasn’t able to unleash his full strength again. Without the Power of the Soul, his strength was the same as the two vice branch masters. Even if Murong You was severely injured, he didn’t have the confidence to keep him here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: Murong You’s Outcome
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whether I survive depends on this very moment. Although Murong You was disheartened, his desire to live strengthened.

He used a forbidden spell and sped towards the raging river. Although losing an arm caused the situation to become dire, the forbidden spell made him much faster than normal.

Faster! Faster! Faster! Murong You frantically ran for his life while watching his back.

Meng Chuan continued to follow him.

He didn’t try to kill me? It seems that unleashing such incredible power is also a type of forbidden technique. He is talented and promising, so he doesn’t dare to use a forbidden technique too frequently. Murong You couldn’t help but feel lucky. For the sake of his life, he used a forbidden spell without hesitating. For peerless geniuses like Meng Chuan, they cherished their bodies and carefully rationed the usage of forbidden techniques—since they were afraid their foundations would be damaged.

Caoyun River. Murong You looked at the raging river in front of him, and couldn’t help but feel delighted. He immediately dived, transforming into a blur as he entered the river.

This pursuit had lasted roughly half a minute.

They had gone past a few streams. For instance, the street where Vice Branch Masters Tu and Gao had died was just beside a 20-foot wide stream.

However, that stream was too narrow. Even if he entered the stream, enemies on the bank could sense the fluctuations in the water. If the tracking continued, he would be doomed once Fairy Meng arrived.

Only a wide and deep river allowed him to escape pursuit.

This is Caoyun River. It’s 800 feet wide. He can’t track me. Murong You dove deeper into the river. The deeper he went, the harder it would be for someone on the bank to find him.

After diving, he quickly swam towards the middle of Caoyun River—which was also the deepest spot.

Oh?

Standing by the riverbank, Meng Chuan could sense Murong You. At first, he could sense Murong You clearly, but as Murong You dove six feet deep, he was unable to “see” clearly. He could only sense the aura heading for deeper depth. Even his aura was rapidly weakening.

Murong You dived deeper and swam further away.

Meng Chuan didn’t dare stand near the water surface. With his current strength, he was able to walk on water. However, if Murong You attacked him, he would be in a dire situation. If he was dragged into the river, he would lose his life.

Soil and rocks are the greatest obstacles to my sensory domain. River water comes second. I can’t sense him once he’s ten feet deep. Meng Chuan frowned.

Murong You had already disappeared from his senses.

At Caoyun River’s middle, the water depth was nearly 60 feet. The depth of the river was 20 feet, even when one was close to the banks. After all, huge ships passed through the river.

He escaped from my senses. In the darkness, Meng Chuan stood by the shore and looked at the sparkling Caoyun River. Many thoughts flashed through his mind.

...

Meanwhile...

Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai had left Eastcalm Prefecture again. They headed out of town for quite some time every year.

However, because of the new year, Fairy Meng had been in the ancestral mansion for the past few days. When Meng Chuan released the distress flare—one that Fairy Meng had personally given him—the Quintessential Energy mark in it allowed her to sense it immediately.

Oh? Fairy Meng held her walking stick and came out of the house. When she looked up, she saw the rising flare.

Meng Chuan is requesting help?

Fairy Meng felt her heart tighten. She gently slammed her walking stick on the ground, and an invisible wave immediately spread out. The wave fluctuations were extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, the wave had spread five kilometers in every direction—including the area where the flare had been lit.

She sensed Meng Chuan fleeing in panic as the white-browed Murong You, the bear-like Vice Branch master Tu, and the smug and confident Vice Branch Gao cornered him.

Murong You? The Skydemon Sect’s Eastcalm branch master and vice branch masters have all appeared. Even the weakest of the trio has comprehended Force and can release demonic aura. That Murong You is nearly invincible underneath the Godfiend Realm. Fairy Meng’s expression changed. Meng Chuan is in danger!

Her figure immediately vanished as she rushed over as fast as she could. She desperately rushed towards him.

She didn’t have time to probe any further. Probing would only waste time. She needed to arrive as soon as possible! In the past, she could join forces with other Godfiends at Calm Sea Pass. All she needed to do was carry out reconnaissance on their surroundings, control a domain, and leave the head-on fighting to her companions.

Whoosh.

About a minute later, Fairy Meng arrived at the area she had seen Meng Chuan fleeing in.

With a single glance, she saw Vice Branch Master Gao’s body split in two. Clearly, a sharp saber had halved his body.

Could it be that an expert saved Meng Chuan? Fairy Meng was taken aback as she slammed her walking stick lightly on the ground, producing invisible ripples.

She immediately discovered a huge bear-like corpse lying in a damaged residence not far away. It was Vice Branch Master Tu’s corpse. The fatal injury he suffered was a strike to the neck.

Invisible waves spread out for five kilometers.

She immediately discovered Murong You being pursued by Meng Chuan. Clearly, the former was fleeing in a panic while Meng Chuan was in hot pursuit.

Meng Chuan is chasing after Murong You? Fairy Meng was somewhat dazed.

When she saw the two vice branch masters’ corpses, she thought an expert had saved Meng Chuan. From the looks of it now, it was very likely that Meng Chuan had killed them. Furthermore, he was pursuing Murong You—who was invincible underneath the Godfiend realm.

Although she was shocked, Fairy Meng still rushed over.

Every step she took covered hundreds of feet. Every step she took, her walking stick would hit the ground, and invisible waves emanated out.

With every step she took, she probed the situation, and it affected her speed. However, Fairy Meng was no longer anxious. As she was very close, she was confident that Murong You would be incapable of escaping.

Meng Chuan has taken action? Fairy Meng could clearly sense that when they approached the Caoyun River, Meng Chuan’s speed suddenly increased dramatically as he slashed at Murong You. The speed of that strike shocked her. The saber art was as fast as lightning and was oppressive and tyrannical. Murong You attempted to block it with a forbidden spell. Three strikes were delivered—with the third strike being soft and bizarre—and Murong You was heavily injured. He even lost an arm.

When did Meng Chuan become this strong? Fairy Meng found it unbelievable.

Meng Chuan usually sparred with his father and Fairy Meng. But those spars were to temper his own abilities. There had been no need for him to use the Power of the Soul!

...

Under the night sky, Murong You jumped into Caoyun River. Soon, there was no movement.

Standing by the shore, Meng Chuan frowned and was clearly in a bad mood. By letting him escape, Murong You will definitely report what happened here to the demons. The demons will most likely send their subordinates to assassinate me.

He knew himself very well. He could only be considered a state’s genius without using the Power of the Soul. Once he used the Power of the Soul, he was considered a top-tier genius in the entire world. Just the fact that he could pursue Murong You—who had condensed a demon core—meant that the demons would definitely place great importance on this little fellow from the Eastcalm Prefecture.

Oh? He sensed a powerful aura rapidly approaching him, much faster than when he was using the Power of the Soul.

Soon, a blurry figure arrived at Caoyun River. It was an old woman holding a walking stick.

Grandaunt. His eyes lit up.

Fairy Meng stood on the river surface as her walking stick gently touched the river surface.

The entire river began to tremble, and ripples spread out in every direction—going deep into the river. At the bottom of the river, Murong You—who was fleeing at high speed—felt threads quickly wrap around him. His expression changed, and he struggled with all his might. However, the seemingly ordinary threads were extremely tough. He was unable to escape them.

A Godfiend. Murong You revealed a look of despair. This despair of powerlessness could only happen when facing a Godfiend.

His demonic energy was sealed away as the threads entered his body. The threads then began dragging Murong You out of the river, sending him flying upwards.

He was thrown out of the water and appeared on the river surface.

Murong You saw an old woman holding a walking stick on the water surface.

Fairy Meng. Murong You felt despair. She managed to catch up after all.

Murong You. Meng Chuan instantly relaxed when he saw Murong You being dragged from the river. He didn’t need to worry about news leaking out. Murong You only took a few seconds to swim 500 feet. His speed is comparable to ordinary Seamless realm experts on land. Many fish aren’t as fast as him.

Fairy Meng held onto her walking stick and walked to the riverbank. Murong You followed in tow. The threads had wrapped around him like a dumpling.

“Grandaunt.” Meng Chuan bowed respectfully.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“If he had escaped, I would’ve needed to bring you to Archean Mountain immediately,” said Fairy Meng with a smile.

“It’s all thanks to you, Grandaunt. Otherwise, I’d really be in big trouble this time,” said Meng Chuan gratefully.

By the side, Murong You—who was tied up like a dumpling—stared at Meng Chuan and said in a deep voice, “Young Master Meng, I’m truly impressed. You actually acted like a Mortal Shedding realm expert who had only grasped the secret technique despite having this much strength. You sure hid the secret well. We lost fair and square. We did the calculations, including Fairy Meng’s reconnaissance skills and Palace Lord Jadesun’s domain. As long as we had a minute, these Godfiends wouldn’t be able to find us. However, I never expected my brothers to die at your hands. Even I was held back by you for so long!”

He had been obstructed for too long. This allowed Fairy Meng to capture him. As long as he had a little more time, he would’ve hidden in an underground tunnel, making it difficult for him to be found.

Dirt and rock were huge obstacles to any sensory means. The river was also very good at obstructing sensory techniques. As soon as Murong You jumped into the canal, Meng Chuan was quickly unable to sense him. If he had five more seconds, even Fairy Meng wouldn’t be able to find him.

“You better shut up.” Fairy Meng glanced at him as invisible threads stabbed into Murong You’s body. Murong You could no longer make any sound. His sense of hearing and vision was gone.

“He can’t hear or see anything now,” whispered Fairy Meng. “When you spar with your father and I... your strength is only close to your father and company. However, I realized you were several times stronger when you had unleashed your full strength earlier. You were even able to suppress Murong You. Even the two Skydemon Sect vice branch masters died by your hands. Is it because of your glabella space?”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “It’s just that I’m only capable of unleashing a few strikes. I killed the two vice branch masters with the first two moves, and the last three strikes could only heavily injure Murong You. I was unable to kill him.”

“To be able to raise your strength this much”—Fairy Meng frowned slightly—”is something unheard of. Remember, this matter has to be kept a secret. Even when you take part in Archean Mountain’s assessment, there’s no need to expose the glabella space as long as you have the confidence to pass. After you enter Archean Mountain, read through Archean Mountain’s manuals and figure out what it represents. By then, you can decide if you want to announce its existence.”

“After all, such a mysterious space might be a good thing. It might also involve some secrets,” said Fairy Meng.

“Understood.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“When do you think you can reach the Seamless realm?” inquired Fairy Meng.

“My Godfiend foundation is extremely deep and robust. I will stay in the Mortal Shedding realm for slightly longer. I estimate that I will reach the Seamless realm by the end of the year or early next year,” said Meng Chuan.

“It’s good to have a longer growth period.” Fairy Meng nodded. “Even if you reach the Seamless realm by the end of the year, you have to consolidate your foundation. It’s best if you can condense your core! You can then participate in Archean Mountain’s assessment at the end of next year. It’ll be appropriate for you to participate in the assessment at the age of 18. Even if you fail, you can participate again when you are 19 or 20.”

According to Fairy Meng’s plan, he had a total of three chances.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“No one discovered this exchange, right?” inquired Fairy Meng.

“It’s late at night, and the Skydemon Sect’s chosen assassination location was rather remote. There were no experts watching.”

“Alright, you can go back first. Don’t tell anyone about today’s matter,” said Fairy Meng. “Just blame their deaths on me.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan felt quite relaxed because of this. Fairy Meng wasn’t greedy. As an existence who had been a Godfiend for nearly 80 years, she didn’t care about the credit. She was doing her best to protect Meng Chuan.

...

The battle on the 6th of February took place silently.

Meng Chuan returned to Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

“Ah Chuan, didn’t you go to the ancestral mansion? You came back rather quickly.” Liu Qiyue had just returned when she realized that Meng Chuan was right behind her.

“I ran at full speed, so of course I was fast,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Liu Qiyue didn’t realize that during the time they had been apart, a secret battle—that had a substantial, long-lasting effect on Eastcalm Prefecture—had occurred.

...

At the Meng family ancestral mansion, inside a torture chamber.

“I’ll tell you everything if you swear that I can leave this place alive!” Murong You—who was chained up—shouted. His body trembled.

Fairy Meng stood there and said indifferently, “Don’t dream about living. Since I caught you, you will die without a doubt. However, if you tell me where the Skydemon Sect Eastcalm Branch Hall is, I’ll let you die quickly. Otherwise, we would be talking about not twenty days, but years! You won’t even be able to die despite wishing so. You have to endure torture day and night, forever stuck in hell, never to receive liberation.”

Fairy Meng had experience torturing these dregs from the Skydemon Sect.

“Eastcalm Branch Hall. No, no...” Murong You wasn’t willing to bow his head so easily. “Let me leave Eastcalm Prefecture alive. Otherwise, don’t even think about knowing anything.”

“Let’s take our time.” Fairy Meng held onto her walking stick as invisible threads entered Murong You’s body. Murong You immediately let out a tragic cry.

In the midst of the pain, time seemed to pass a thousand times slower. Murong You experienced endless torment with no end in sight.

“Let me leave this place alive.” The desire to live allowed Murong You to persist, but Fairy Meng stood there expressionlessly. Threads drilled into Murong You’s body and tortured him.

Two hours, four hours, six hours...

It felt like a very long time had passed for Murong You. He had been tortured to the brink of madness. He wanted liberation. He wanted to escape from this abyss of suffering.

“I’ll speak.” Murong You finally gave up.

Before the sun had even risen, Murong You had given her everything she wanted. And then, he got what he wanted—total release!

Fairy Meng walked out of the torture chamber.

Soon, Fairy Meng led nine Elders, as well as 120 Mortal Shedding realm members from the Meng family that were split into seven teams. They carried out several operations simultaneously.

They removed the headquarters and six important outposts of the Eastcalm branch. The six outposts were pawn shops, a large merchant’s residence, an escort company, et cetera. They were wiped out in two hours by the Meng family.

...

The next afternoon.

Fairy Meng once again temporarily moved to Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

“Grandaunt, these books?” Meng Chuan looked at the box of books in the courtyard. There were also paintings and other items.

“I interrogated Murong You overnight and learned of the Eastcalm branch lairs,” said Fairy Meng. “The other subordinates from the Eastcalm branch weren’t even aware their three leaders were dead. They were caught off-guard, and our Meng family managed to raid them all within two hours. The Eastcalm branch was wiped out. Only one Mortal Shedding realm expert escaped.”

“From this day forth, the Skydemon Sect will become blind in Eastcalm Prefecture. They will not be able to infiltrate Eastcalm Prefecture and establish a complete intelligence network for the next few years.” Fairy Meng smiled. “Meng Chuan, you have done a great deed for Eastcalm Prefecture’s citizens.”

Meng Chuan also smiled, feeling very happy.

Without the Skydemon Sect to stir up trouble behind their backs, Eastcalm Prefecture would be much safer. However, he also knew that with time, the Skydemon Sect would gradually infiltrate Eastcalm Prefecture again.

“These books were found in the Eastcalm Branch’s lairs. They are suitable for you to read,” said Fairy Meng. “Read them and see if you can broaden your horizons.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. Meng Chuan began flipping through the books.

These books mainly described the world’s secrets. The Skydemon Sect was responsible for investigating all kinds of information concerning humans. Many of the books contained knowledge he had never seen before.

The world is split into three. The humans have three great dynasties—the Great Zhou Dynasty, the Black Sand Dynasty, and the Great Yue Dynasty. The Great Zhou Dynasty was established by the oldest sect in the world, Archean Mountain. The Black Sand Dynasty was established by Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. The Great Yue Dynasty was established by Two World Island. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. As for Archean Mountain, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, Two World Island... They are the three supreme sects of the human race.

The three great sects have powerful Godfiends in them. Together, they fend off the demons’ invasion. The demons are really strong.

Meng Chuan read the intelligence records. The demons were more powerful than humans.

The three human sects had been trying their best to defend against them. They were completely on the defensive! Godfiends presided over the various large cities. For instance, famous Godfiends like King Calm Sea presided over important city gates and protected the entire human race.

However, the three sects had not completely lost any territory over the years. Even if they were temporarily occupied by the demons, they would quickly be reoccupied.

These dregs from the Skydemon Sect. The more he read, the angrier he became.

Some people thought there was no hope for humans. Some who wanted the benefits the demons could bring them. In short, they formed a sect—the Skydemon Sect—that had infiltrated the human race. The Skydemon Sect lurked everywhere, providing information on the humans to the demons. They earned immense hatred from humans. This time, the Skydemon Sect branch Meng Chuan had wiped out was but a grain of sand in the grand scheme.

I’m still a mortal. What I can do is still minuscule. I need to become stronger.

...

The destruction of the Skydemon Sect’s Eastcalm branch happened in silence. It was only known by Eastcalm Prefecture’s higher echelons. As for the three Eastcalm Branch leaders’ deaths, the Imperial Court recorded Fairy Meng to be the one responsible.

The days of Eastcalm Prefecture grew increasingly peaceful and serene.

On the 25th of March, the Jadesun Palace announced that Yan Jin had comprehended Sword Force. Once the news spread, it immediately shook all five Godfiend family clans in the Eastcalm Prefecture. After all, he had comprehended Force at the age of seventeen. He was indeed extremely dazzling, a genius that was comparable to Patriarch Zhang.

Three days later, the Meng family announced that Meng Chuan had comprehended Saber Force. When Yun Fu’an of the Yun family learned of the news, he smashed all his favorite porcelain in his study. The Meng family’s status also rose among the five Godfiend family clans. None of the other four Godfiend family clans dared to underestimate them any further. After all, it was almost certain he would be recruited by Archean Mountain after comprehending Force at 17-years-old. Meng Chuan’s promising future was obvious.

Final Chapter of Volume—People Resonance

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: Eighteen Years Old
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A year had passed since the destruction of the Skydemon Sect’s Eastcalm branch.

At the training grounds in Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

The white-robed Yan Jin held a sword in each hand, filling the surrounding area with an icy aura. It turned the area blurry, and he stared solemnly at the distant Meng Chuan.

By now, the eighteen-year-old Yan Jin had also reached the Seamless realm! He had challenged a group of experts who were well-versed with Force in Eastcalm Prefecture. In fact, he had even challenged the three Core Condensation realm experts in Eastcalm Prefecture—Yun Fucheng, Zhang Yong, and Bai Shuwan. He had defeated all of them! In terms of sword arts alone, he was one of the top mortals in Eastcalm Prefecture. In addition, he had a powerful Godfiend foundation, and his strength and speed far surpassed ordinary Core Condensation experts. Thus, he was able to defeat the three of them.

However, there was one person he couldn’t defeat, and that was Meng Chuan!

“Yan Jin, this will be the last move in our sparring match today.” Dressed in a navy-blue robe, Meng Chuan held a saber in one hand while standing in the distance. He attacked the moment he finished speaking.

Swoosh!

Meng Chuan phased away and entered the icy aura. Although the freezing aura affected his speed and vision, the lightning in his body sparked and propelled him forward at incredulous speeds. He still exceeded Yan Jin in every way despite the negative effects on him.

Swish! A saber beam lit up—without the sound of the wind—as he cleaved down. With his saber technique reaching this stage, even the air was no longer an obstacle.

Yan Jin tried his best to block the attack with both swords.

In the blink of an eye, eight Meng Chuans appeared, each slashing out different saber beams. All of them aimed at a weakness in Yan Jin’s dual-wielding sword technique. Meng Chuan didn’t have any clone techniques. The clones resulted from his movement techniques. These eight saber beams flew towards Yan Jin one after another.

Yan Jin could clearly sense Meng Chuan’s eight slashes using his domain of ice and frost. His swords blocked the attacks one after another, but he felt Meng Chuan’s strikes tearing apart his swords in a bid to find his weaknesses. However, Yan Jin used all his strength to block the eight strikes, forcing Meng Chuan’s attacks to fail.

Swoosh.

In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan retreated dozens of feet away. The speed made Yan Jin’s eyelids twitch.

His speed was simply too terrifying. It was said that cultivating a Lightning Divine Body meant speed, but Meng Chuan’s speed was that of a peerless genius’!

“Yan Jin, your Turtle Sword Art is becoming more and more powerful. Even my saber technique is unable to crack it.” Meng Chuan laughed. “Forget it. There’s no need to compete anymore.”

“Thank you.” Yan Jin retracted his swords and looked at Meng Chuan. He said seriously, “I know you are helping me hone my sword technique.”

“Haha, I’m also training my saber techniques.” Meng Chuan walked to a nearby table and drank a cup of tea he poured himself.

Liu Qiyue—who was sitting by the stone table and reading a book—had also matured. However, she was now half a head shorter than Meng Chuan. Mainly because he was 18, making him much taller than before.

“Yan Jin, Ah Chuan’s movement technique and saber arts are fast. He can attack and retreat as he wishes. You can’t hurt him at all. Just give up,” said Liu Qiyue with a pout.

“I know, but as long as my sword techniques can hold him back, there’s a chance of defeating him,” said Yan Jin seriously.

“Qiyue, Yan Jin’s Yin-Yang Icefire Sword Technique is very dangerous. I don’t even dare to fight him,” said Meng Chuan.

His Godfiend foundation was extremely robust, and Yan Jin’s Godfiend foundation wasn’t inferior to his.

In accordance with the nine cultivation commandments he collated, he pursued the extremes and pushed his speed to the limit. As for Yan Jin, he focused on using dual-sword techniques and was more skilled in frontal combat.

He was only a step faster in his cultivation.

He had comprehended Saber Force over half a year faster than Yan Jin. This gained him the upper hand during their matches, but he still had no way of defeating him.

It was different if he used the Power of the Soul, but he needed to keep it a secret. He wouldn’t use it unless it were a dire situation. In a normal sparring match, he would only use the Power of the Soul when sparring with his grandaunt.

“Meng Chuan, you’re going to Archean Mountain this year, right?” asked Yan Jin.

“Of course.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Yan Jin nodded slightly and said, “We’ll compete again in a month.” With that said, he turned around and left.

“This Yan Jin is very arrogant. He doesn’t understand the ways of the world and often comes to our place, but he has never brought us any gifts. His words are also cold. Speaking of which, Ah Chuan, you even saved his life.” Liu Qiyue complained after Yan Jin left.

“With that temper of his, he’s already being very polite to us. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have bothered talking to you. Furthermore, the reason why I’m competing with him is because his sword techniques are indeed able to temper my saber arts.”

If he were to encounter Murong You again—even if he didn’t employ the Power of the Soul—he could easily crush and kill him. However, Meng Chuan didn’t let it get to his head at all.

After reading through the intelligence from the Eastcalm branch, he knew how intense the situation between the humans and demons was. He needed to be stronger. In this era, if he didn’t use the Power of the Soul, he wouldn’t even be ranked in the top twenty amongst all the young geniuses in the world. For instance, his grandaunt had mentioned King Calm Sea’s fifth son—who had comprehended Force at thirteen and became a Godfiend at fifteen. There were many who were more outstanding than him. Of course, most of these famous geniuses had already entered Archean Mountain.

“What? The demons invaded human territory 129 times two years ago?” Liu Qiyue looked at the book and exclaimed, “Ah Chuan, are the books in your study speaking the truth?”

Meng Chuan glanced at her. It was one of the many books his grandaunt had sent over.

“They are.” Meng Chuan nodded. “We have been at a disadvantage in our war with demons! The demons are more powerful, but this is ultimately the human world. The demons live in the Demon Realm. They have to enter through a World Entrance. Humans have constructed large city passes at the permanent and stable World Entrances, and have powerful Godfiends guarding them.

“The demons invaded 129 times two years ago because of the World Entrances that spontaneously appeared. This allowed the demons to storm in. As for World Entrances... the vast majority of them are unstable. Some exist for half a day, while some exist for about two weeks. They will ultimately disappear. The ones that can exist perpetually are few.

“For example, our Eastcalm Prefecture’s Qinyang Pass has been the only permanent World Entrance in the past 800 years.”

Liu Qiyue closed the book. The information in the book made her shudder.

“Too many people have died. Many people die in every invasion.” Liu Qiyue’s voice was a little weak.

“I saw it with my own eyes when I was six,” Meng Chuan said calmly. “That time, one county city after another fell, and more than a hundred thousand humans were slaughtered. Fortunately, Godfiends arrived. Otherwise, I would have died in that monster invasion.”

The reason why every city had a Jadesun Palace built was to protect the large, heavily-populated cities. In dire situations, they could mobilize nearby Godfiends to reinforce a county city’s defenses.

“Oh, right. Ah Chuan, will you be attending this year’s Jadesun Palace Demon-Slaying Meet?” Liu Qiyue asked. “It’s still half a month away.”

“I’ve already promised the dean that I’ll be there when the time comes,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “You’ve also realized the secret technique, and you should be the only sharpshooter in the eight Dao Academies who has done so.”

Liu Qiyue perked up. “Of course. But compared to Ah Chuan and that Yan Jin, I’m still too far from the two of you.”

Meng Chuan smiled.

Time had passed quickly. In a few more days, it would be three months since he reached the Seamless realm. His Quintessential Energy was almost perfected, and he could attempt to condense a core.

I wonder if I can succeed in my first attempt.

In all of Eastcalm Prefecture, there were only three people who had succeeded in condensing a core below the Godfiend level.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: Core Condensation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days later...

In the dead of night, Meng Chuan sat cross-legged on his bed. Moonlight shone onto his body through the window.

My Lightning Divine Body is completely perfected. I can now attempt to condense my core. Meng Chuan was filled with anticipation.

Mortal cultivation had five major realms.

The realm with the slowest progress and expended the most cultivation resources was the Mortal Shedding realm. This was when a person began shedding one’s mortal coils and gradually possessed Godfiend powers. During this process, one would need to consume a large number of supplements like lucidum or ginseng pills to support the expenditure. For instance, even with the Meng family providing him a limitless supply of supplements, it took him nearly three years before he completed the shedding process.

For those who were not wealthy enough—without sufficient supplements to allow their bodies to undergo a mortal shedding—their body’s transformation would be slow. It was normal for them to spend ten to twenty years. Furthermore, they would be “malnourished.” Their physical bodies and Quintessential Energy would also be weaker than experts of the same level.

The Zhou family—the instigator of the Idle Stone Garden battle—had given a thousand-year-old ginseng that was worth ten thousand taels to Meng Chuan as an apology gift. It was meant for their young master when he underwent his Mortal Shedding cultivation. This was a testament to how expensive cultivation was in the Mortal Shedding realm. Many Mortal Shedding experts took up jobs as guards and subordinates to earn resources for their cultivation.

If they were talented, the family clan would view them in a different light.

For example, Meng Chuan and Yan Jin not only had sufficient resources, but they also had all kinds of natural treasures to establish their Godfiend foundation.

For Mei Yuanzhi, he was groomed by the Dao Academy and the Godfiend families, allowing him to complete his Mortal Shedding in three years. However, they couldn’t provide him rare treasures that could establish a strong Godfiend foundation. Mei Yuanzhi’s talent was still a little lacking in the end, and he failed to enter Archean Mountain. If he had the talent of King Calm Sea’s fifth son, he would have been recruited by Archean Mountain and groomed tremendously even if he were a commoner.

On the contrary, the Seamless realm expended the least.

As long as one broke through to the Seamless realm, they just needed a few months of preparation to reach the mortal body’s pinnacle. There was no point in cultivating any further once this happened. If one wished to improve their body further, they had to become a Godfiend!

Using Quintessential Energy to condense a core. That’s the final threshold before the Life-and-Death juncture. Meng Chuan’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

Eastcalm Prefecture only had three Core Condensation experts.

But in the past few decades, almost all of the geniuses who had appeared in Eastcalm Prefecture had fought in wars to accumulate contribution credits. A few of them had succeeded in condensing a core.

For example, Fairy Meng had become an outer sect disciple of Archean Mountain. She had been fighting outside all this while. Her teammates were all equally talented as her, and almost all of them had succeeded in condensing a core. They worked hard together to accumulate credits in exchange for a chance to attempt the Life-and-Death juncture. Fairy Meng had managed to obtain a chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool and attempt a breakthrough after she had enough credits. Failure meant death. She succeeded and absorbed the powers within the Godfiend Blood Pool to become a true Godfiend. But most of her companions—those who had already successfully condensed a core—died in battle while accumulating credit. They didn’t even have the chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool.

There were only two people who made an attempt. Only Fairy Meng succeeded.

Mei Yuanzhi would take a similar path. The path to becoming a Godfiend was that difficult. If he couldn’t enter Archean Mountain, he could only work hard and accumulate credit for a chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool.

The three Core Condensation experts in Eastcalm Prefecture, such as Yun Fucheng stayed in the prefecture to live peaceful lives because they no longer had any hope of becoming Godfiends. Those who still had hope remained on the battlefield.

With the body seamless, Quintessential Energy will condense into a core. That’s just one prerequisite for becoming a Godfiend. The sooner I succeed, the better. Meng Chuan closed his eyes. It’s time.

Inside his dantian, concentrated Quintessential Energy gathered. After a mortal body reached the peak, the Quintessential Energy in one’s dantian would reach maximum concentration.

Arise!

The thick, mist-like Quintessential Energy began to fuse with Meng Chuan’s Force. The wisps of Quintessential Energy fused with Saber Force. It allowed Quintessential Energy to undergo a qualitative change. The prerequisite for condensing a core required the comprehension of Force.

Wisps of Quintessential Energy condensed into saber lights that were much denser than before. They began to revolve and gather in the center like countless small fish.

Condense! Condense!

Meng Chuan put his all into controlling the Quintessential Energy, compressing it with full force. The more compressed it was, the better. Once the density reached a certain level, it would completely change.

As the revolutions and pressure continued, some of the saber light in the innermost region began to wear away and was squeezed into a ball.

Revolution, compression, condensation!

One’s Saber Force had to be strong enough before one had a chance of successfully condensing the core. Otherwise, it would disperse. Many experts who had comprehended Force were unable to condense a core for the rest of their lives.

Meng Chuan had comprehended Saber Force at the age of 16. In the past two years, he had been cultivating arduously every day. He had also cultivated the remnant moves of the Lightning Devastator Saber and had improved tremendously. This was how he could suppress Yan Jin without using his Power of the Soul.

His Saber Force was quite strong.

Boom!

After his Quintessential Energy revolved for over an hour, Meng Chuan heard a rumbling sound from his dantian. Saber lights and Quintessential Energy swirled around for a long time before finally turning into a tiny sphere. This was also known as the Essence Core. The Essence Core was white in color, and his Quintessential Energy had been completely converted into Quintessential Essence. The power of Quintessential Essence was much greater.

The same move, but with Quintessential Essence complementing the body, could unleash greater strength and speed, making it far more powerful.

I succeeded! Meng Chuan opened his eyes and smiled. He extended his finger.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Lightning danced across his finger tips.

“After condensing a core, I can finally release lightning,” Meng Chuan muttered softly. Previously, the lightning within his body could only increase the speed of circulation. Now, he could release it to affect the enemy.

If he were to become a Godfiend, he could blast out lightning with a wave of his hand! It would be normal for him to transform into lightning to travel.

There’s one final step left to becoming a Godfiend—the Life-and-Death Juncture.

Disciples of Archean Mountain didn’t need to risk their lives to accumulate credit, but they had to be absolutely confident before they entered the Godfiend Blood Pool.

As for Fairy Meng, Mei Yuanzhi, and others who were lacking in talent, they needed to accumulate credit to exchange for opportunities. However, even if they were not fully confident, they could still attempt to make a breakthrough. This was because it was an opportunity they had risked their lives for.

From the standpoint of the human race, it was better not to waste precious resources like the Godfiend Blood Pool on those with low hopes of success.

But sometimes, people needed to be given hope!

When breaking through in the Godfiend Blood Pool, I will be struck by lightning because I have a Lightning Divine Body. My Life-and-Death juncture will be extremely difficult. I need to make even more preparations.

Standing in front of the window and staring out at the bright moon, Meng Chuan was still in a good mood.

He had sworn an oath when he was six. Now, he was getting closer and closer to becoming a Godfiend.

...

The days in Eastcalm Prefecture were very peaceful. Many people within the city began to discuss the upcoming Demon-Slaying Meet that was held once every three years! The last time, Meng Chuan and Yan Jin had shone the brightest. Now that both elites had already gained insights into Force, what would happen this time?

“I heard that the Wind Center Dao Academy has a disciple named Zhang Fan. He figured out the secret technique at seventeen. The Zhang family has produced another powerful figure.”

“That’s nothing. The Blazing Sun Dao Academy has a female archer named Liu Qiyue. She’s not from a Godfiend family clan either. She realized the secret technique at sixteen. Her talent is even greater. She should be the most impressive at this Demon-Slaying Meet.”

“Have you forgotten? I heard that this year, both Young Masters Meng Chuan and Yan Jin will be last to go on stage.”

“Young Master Yan Jin is truly formidable. He has defeated three Core Condensation experts. Young Master Meng Chuan also comprehended Force at the same time. He is also quite impressive.”

“I did hear that Young Master Yan Jin has visited Mirror Lake Meng Manor many times, but he has never won.”

In the tea house at night, the people were chatting very excitedly. Some people in Eastcalm Prefecture were drinking in restaurants or having fun at brothels, while ordinary people had gone to bed early.

And at this moment—

Fifty feet beneath Eastcalm Prefecture, land began to twist and distort. Some of the dirt and rocks were reduced to dust. On the other side of the distorted region, there was a mountain, and a giant bird hundreds of feet wide flying in the sky. Soon, a black beam rose up from a distant mountain, landing near this distorted area. It was a black ape carrying a staff.

The black ape looked towards the distorted space, a savage look in its eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: Three Godfiends
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At dawn, a gray-robed man walked in an alley. He turned to look at a residence. With a gentle nudge, he silently obliterated the locked door.

“Oh?” The elder who was sweeping in the yard looked up in puzzlement. He saw that his door had already disappeared. Dust floated around as the gray-robed man walked in.

“Answer me.” The gray-robed man’s voice was hoarse as he looked at the old man with his green eyes. “Which country, state, and city is this?”

A thick demonic aura enveloped the old man.

The old man’s eyes lost their luster as he said in a daze, “This is the Great Zhou Dynasty, Wu State, Eastcalm Prefecture City.”

The gray-robed man continued to walk into the residence, while the old man collapsed to the ground, dead.

Creak. Another door opened, and a middle-aged man stretched his back and walked out. At the same time, he shouted, “Dad, Dad...”

Suddenly, he saw the gray-robed man walking over, as well as his elderly father—who had collapsed in the courtyard. The middle-aged man’s eyes turned dull and lifeless.

“Tell me, which country, state, and city is this?” the gray-robed man asked again.

“This is the Great Zhou Dynasty, Wu State, Eastcalm Prefecture City,” the middle-aged man replied in a daze.

And then, the gray-robed man turned and left.

As for the seven people inside the residence, they died silently.

...

Jadesun Palace.

Palace Lord Jadesun sat in a lotus position, cultivating as his body was covered in a white glow. Suddenly, he felt the jade pendant around his waist burn, causing his heart to palpitate. The white glow around his body immediately converged, and he retrieved the black jade pendant hidden at his waist.

The black jade pendant was currently glowing red.

“East.” Palace Lord Jadesun held the black jade pendant and had an ugly expression. “A demon monarch?”

This Demon Seeking Token was given to him by Archean Mountain, and he carried it with him. It would immediately sense the release of a demon monarch’s demonic aura within a twenty-five-kilometer radius.

Jadesun Palace was situated in the middle of the city; a radius of twenty-five kilometers covered the entire city. Many prefecture cities in the Great Zhou Dynasty ranged from ten kilometers in diameter to forty kilometers in diameter.

Of course, if a demon monarch didn’t use any demonic spells, the token wouldn’t be able to sense a restrained demonic aura. However, as long as a demon monarch wanted to do something, they would eventually have to use some demonic spells.

A demon monarch appeared in Eastcalm Prefecture? Palace Lord Jadesun was alarmed. His figure flashed as he exited the room and stood atop the palace.

“In that direction.” Palace Lord Jadesun followed the direction indicated by the jade pendant and hurried over.

...

The gray-robed man selected three families in a row and asked the same question.

“Time to leave.” The gray-robed man came to a nearby river that was only twenty feet wide. With a single step, he entered the river, then disappeared into it.

...

Swoosh.

Palace Lord Jadesun landed on the roof of a five-storied restaurant. He looked towards the east with a solemn expression, “The demonic aura has completely vanished.”

Swish! Swish! Swish!

However, Palace Lord Jadesun kept following the jade pendant’s directions. In less than a minute, he arrived at the spot where the demonic aura first appeared.

Three families killed. Palace Lord Jadesun stood on the roof and easily determined everything. “The corpses aren’t damaged at all. This demon monarch was very careful and didn’t make a sound.” Palace Lord Jadesun frowned. A demon monarch suddenly appeared in our Eastcalm Prefecture? Could it be that a World Entrance has appeared in Eastcalm Prefecture?

Demon monarchs were extremely cautious.

It was extremely rare for them to enter a human city alone. In a lesser-known city like Eastcalm Prefecture, to have a demon monarch appear without any warning meant a high chance that a new World Entrance had appeared in Eastcalm Prefecture.

If this really is a new World Entrance, the demon invasion of Eastcalm Prefecture can happen at any moment. Palace Lord Jadesun’s heart tightened.

...

Moments later.

Fairy Meng—who was holding onto a walking stick—and Yun Wanhai arrived at Jadesun Palace.

Fairy Meng and Yun Wanhai bowed slightly. “Palace Lord.”

“Please take a seat.” Palace Lord Jadesun sat with a solemn expression. “I have bad news.”

Fairy Meng’s and Yun Wanhai’s expressions changed slightly.

“Just a moment ago, the Demon Seeking Token discovered a demon monarch in Eastcalm,” said Palace Lord Jadesun. “That demon monarch silently used his demonic spells to kill three families before disappearing. I summoned the two of you at the fastest speed possible.”

“Demon monarch?”

“Why would a demon monarch appear in Eastcalm Prefecture? Could it be that there’s a World Entrance?” Fairy Meng’s and Wanhai’s expressions changed.

Palace Lord Jadesun nodded. “I share the same thoughts. It’s highly possible. Currently, there are only three of us in Eastcalm Prefecture. If the demons really do invade, we need to join forces to slay the demon monarchs who are the demon leaders as quickly as possible.”

“Since a demon monarch sneaked in,” said Fairy Meng, leaning on her walking stick, “there’s a high chance that he’s a scout. He wants to confirm which city this is. Once he learns that it’s Eastcalm Prefecture, the demons will know Eastcalm Prefecture’s approximate strength since they have information on every human city. They will only charge in based on their confidence level. It will be very difficult for us to deal with them.”

“I wonder how many demon monarchs will come.” Yun Wanhai felt tremendous pressure.

They had to fight. Only when there was zero hope or if Palace Lord Jadesun gave the order could they choose to flee.

Desertion was a grave sin for Godfiends. The punishments meted out by Archean Mountain were very severe. An execution was normal.

“I haven’t had a real chance to fight in three years,” said Palace Lord Jadesun coldly. “Apart from myself, no one knows how much my strength has increased in the past three years. This time, the two of you only need to assist me. We will kill their strongest demon monarch in one fell swoop. These demons have immense fighting spirit when they gain the upper hand, but once their leader is killed, the demons below them will flee in fright.”

“At the mortal realm, we humans are at a disadvantage.” Fairy Meng nodded. “The only way to survive is to slay the demon monarchs.”

“Fairy Meng, I need your reconnaissance spells,” said Palace Lord Jadesun seriously. “Brother Yun, I need you to help me restrain the other demon monarchs.”

“I will definitely do my best,” said Fairy Meng and Yun Wanhai.

Soon, Fairy Meng and Yun Wanhai came to the entrance of Jadesun Palace and instructed their family members.

“Return to the ancestral mansion and tell the clan leader that there might be demons invading the Eastcalm Prefecture City. Tell them to prepare according to the plans set up by the clan.” Fairy Meng instructed a clan member before instructing another. “Quickly head to Mirror Lake Meng Manor and find Meng Chuan. Tell him that there might be demons invading Eastcalm Prefecture. Let him...”

After giving detailed instructions, the two clan members headed towards the ancestral mansion and Mirror Lake.

Having also instructed his clansmen, Yun Wanhai walked over and said with a smile, “Fairy Meng, I never expected that we would be fighting alongside each other.”

“We can call it fate,” said Fairy Meng with a smile.

Regardless of the conflict between the two families, in the face of a demon invasion, their conflict was considered trivial.

Yun Wanhai and Fairy Meng returned to Jadesun Palace. From this moment onwards, Palace Lord Jadesun, Fairy Meng, and Yun Wanhai had to be together at all times. They were Eastcalm Prefecture’s only hope. They were not to be separated! They would be easily defeated if they were separated.

...

Dawn.

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai sat together to have breakfast.

“Uncle Liu and I have some matters to tend to. We won’t be coming back for lunch today.” Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai stood up.

“Okay.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue tersely responded.

Liu Qiyue also finished her meal very quickly. Then, she stood up and carried the quiver on her back. She smiled and said, “Ah Chuan, I’m done eating too. I’ll be heading to the Dao Academy to practice my archery.”

“Are you coming back for lunch?” Meng Chuan asked.

“I can’t be sure.” Liu Qiyue smiled, waved, and ran out.

She was currently at the late-stages of the Mortal Shedding realm and had figured out the secret technique. Her archery skills were extremely impressive. The training grounds in Mirror Lake Meng Manor were too small for a sharpshooter like herself. Liu Qiyue went to the Dao Academy every day to practice archery. The largest archery range in the Dao Academy let her shoot at dummy targets across the lake. The archery range spanned 3000 feet.

Although Liu Qiyue was the best sharpshooter from the eight Dao Academies, she only trained at distances of 1000 feet. This was the most effective range for her to deliver her prowess.

The Demon-Slaying Meet is in a few days later. Qiyue really is trying her best, hoping to showcase her strength well. Meng Chuan also smiled and finished his meal before heading to the training grounds for his cultivation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: Eruption
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Deep underground Eastcalm Prefecture, on the other side of the distorted region.

Obstreperous demons gathered here. In front of the demon army was a group of demon monarchs. Their auras were different as they looked respectfully at a stocky demon monarch who was about 50 feet tall. This stocky demon king was Mountain Lord Nine Convocation—who commanded a region spanning 250 kilometers. He had over ten demon monarchs and over a hundred thousand demons under his command. His fame was widespread.

The gray-robed man walked out from the distorted region and respectfully came before Mountain Lord Nine Convocation. “Mountain Lord, on the other side of the World Entrance is the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Wu State’s Eastcalm Prefecture City.”

“Eastcalm Prefecture City?” The towering, muscular Mountain Lord Nine Convocation had a gaping mouth and an ugly look on his face. He spoke with a booming voice. “A mere prefecture city wouldn’t be a problem for an invasion.”

Immediately, the eyes of the demon monarchs around him filled with ardor. A prefecture city didn’t pose a tremendous threat.

“This World Entrance is too small.” Mountain Lord Nine Convocation looked down. “It only allows entry to second Firmament demon monarchs.”

“Demon Monarch Ape, Demon Monarch Domineering Roar, Demon Monarch Poison Pool,” said Mountain Lord Nine Convocation.

“Present.” Immediately, the pole-wielding, black-furred Ape, the black mist-enveloped Poison Pool, and Domineering Roar—who was a hundred-feet tall—bowed respectfully.

“The three of you are rather powerful second Firmament demon monarchs.” Mountain Lord Nine Convocation’s gaze landed on a white-haired leopard demon monarch. “Whitesink, you should be able to break through to the third Firmament, right?”

“I still need a few days of preparation,” said the white-furred leopard demon monarch respectfully.

Mountain Lord Nine Convocation flipped his hand. A black bottle appeared, and he threw it at Whitesink.

Demon Monarch Whitesink received it reverently; his eyes lit up when he saw the contents.

“This is a snake blood crystal I obtained when killing that poisonous snake in the north. With your preparations, you will immediately enter the third Firmament upon consuming it,” said Mountain Lord Nine Convocation. “Consume it after you enter the human world. After killing the Godfiends in Eastcalm Prefecture, head to the nearest Qinyang Pass. We will also attack from the outside in concert with you. Even if we can’t storm Qinyang Pass, you will be able to retreat to the Demon Realm.”

The unstable World Entrance only allowed a second Firmament demon monarch to enter and exit.

Once he broke through, Demon Monarch Whitesink wouldn’t be able to return through the unstable World Entrance. The closest return point was through Qinyang Pass.

“Yes,” replied Whitesink reverently.

“Demon Monarch Whitesink, lead Ape, Domineering Roar, and Poison Pool to flatten Eastcalm Prefecture,” said Mountain Lord Nine Convocation.

“Yes.” The four demon monarchs replied respectfully.

Although Mountain Lord Nine Convocation had more than ten demon monarchs under his command, most of them were first Firmament demon monarchs! First Firmament demon monarchs were newly promoted demon monarchs with weak foundations. As long as they cultivated for some time, they had a chance of reaching the second Firmament.

Therefore, the demons wouldn’t let first Firmament demon monarchs take the lead in battle. First Firmament demon monarchs still had great potential. On the contrary, second Firmament demon monarchs were the main force! This was because the vast majority of demon monarchs stopped at the second Firmament. Reaching the third Firmament? It was very difficult. As for cultivating to Mountain Lord Nine Convocation’s level, the difficulty didn’t need elaboration.

“The four of you will lead a total of 18,000-strong troops. Set off now,” instructed Mountain Lord Nine Convocation.

The four demon monarchs immediately turned to look at the demon army behind them.

Mountain Lord Nine Convocation had taken a few hours to summon these 18,000 demons, the maximum he could muster at such short notice. Although he commanded more than a hundred thousand demons, they were scattered across the 250-kilometer region.

In addition, Mountain Lord Nine Convocation had to be careful. The Eastcalm Prefecture was an ordinary human city, but if a powerful human Godfiend happened to pass by, no matter how many subordinates he sent, he would be sending them to their deaths! An army consisting of four demon monarchs and nearly one-score thousand demons was very suitable. Under normal circumstances, such a force was enough to flatten Eastcalm Prefecture. Even if they were wiped out due to unexpected situations, it didn’t significantly weaken their strength.

“Set off.” Demon Monarch Whitesink gave the order.

The four demon monarchs were the first to charge into the distorted region. The largest demon monarch—Domineering Roar—shrank to 30-feet high and passed through the World Entrance. Following them were 18 commanders of the demon army, over 100 lieutenant commanders, over 1000 ordinary greater demons, and more than 10000 lesser demons.

The World Entrance was of limited size. To have such a huge army pass through required ten minutes.

...

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Demon Monarch Whitesink led Demon Monarchs Ape, Domineering Roar, and Poison Pool to the surface. Without any hesitation, Demon Monarch Whitesink swallowed the blood crystal in the black bottle. His entire body reddened instantly as his aura expanded rapidly. As for Domineering Roar, he reverted to his original size—a height over 100 feet. He was even taller than the most luxurious restaurant in Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Human Godfiends are in that direction.” Whitesink pointed into the distance. “Charge.”

Domineering Roar grinned. “Kill the Godfiends, then flatten Eastcalm Prefecture. Kill all the humans. Leave no one alive.”

“Let’s go.” The four demon monarchs immediately flew towards Jadesun Palace.

Ape transformed into a black beam of light, being the fastest and most agile. Poison Pool’s entire body turned into a black fog that floated over the roofs. As for Domineering Roar, he took large strides, causing the land to quake. Every step he took crushed the houses beneath as his towering hundred-foot-tall figure rushed forward. And in the blink of an eye, Whitesink—who had broken through to the third Firmament—released his demonic aura. He was the most domineering. Even the towering Domineering Roar paled in comparison.

“Split up according to your respective squads and kill all the humans.” A large number of demons followed behind closely before scattering and moved out with their respective squads.

Every squad had a lieutenant commander, ten greater demons, and ninety lesser demons.

To be a demon lieutenant commander, they had to be able to release their demonic aura! There were even some lieutenant commanders who had already condensed their demon cores.

“Humans.”

“Puny humans.”

These demons quickly dispersed and began attacking the humans they encountered on the way.

“Seek out the eight Dao Academies in Eastcalm Prefecture and kill the disciples. They are of priority.” A large group of demons began to head to the eight Dao Academies’ positions. They had long obtained a map of Eastcalm Prefecture and knew their locations.

Dao Academies were the hope of a city! The youths and geniuses that came out of the Dao Academies were possible future Godfiends.

When it came to killing humans, demons would attack the Dao Academies first! Slaying all the disciples in the Dao Academies wiped out an entire generation for ten years.

...

“They’re here.”

Palace Lord Jadesun sensed the unconcealed demonic auras. Yun Wanhai wore a solemn expression as Fairy Meng slammed her walking stick on the ground. Invisible waves rippled out as she probed a radius of five kilometers with a thought. What Fairy Meng saw made her face distort uglily. She said, “There are four demon monarchs in total. One of them is a third Firmament demon monarch. The rest are second Firmament demon monarchs.”

“What?” Yun Wanhai’s expression changed. “The unstable World Entrance actually allowed a third Firmament demon monarch to pass through?”

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Suddenly, a bell rang out within the Jadesun Palace. Several Seamless realm experts were striking the bells with hammers repeatedly. The bell-ringing spread throughout the entire city.

In Eastcalm Prefecture City, where many hawkers had set up stalls, everyone—pedestrians, people at home who were cooking breakfast, and disciples who had begun cultivating in the Dao Academies—was stunned when they heard the bells. Their expressions changed. All of the hawkers ran as fast as they could, ignoring their stalls. The pedestrians also ran.

“Quick, hide!”

“Quick!”

Every region had deep tunnels. Over 100 people of all ages and gender ran towards the tunnels.

“Stay here. Don’t come out,” a man and his wife said.

“Dad, Dad...” their daughter shouted.

“Daddy has to fight the demons.” The man smiled as he held his spear and rushed out.

Decree when encountering demons:

Everyone below the Marrow Cleansing realm shall hide in the tunnels.

Those at the Marrow Cleansing realm and above—regardless of gender or age—have to fight the demons.

Reaching the Marrow Cleansing realm means one will serve the military when they are twenty. Most of the men and women who fight have experience battling demons.

...

At Mirror Lake Meng Manor, Meng Chuan had been cultivating his Saber Drawing Stance when he suddenly heard the bells ringing. The guards who had been helping him stopped, while Meng Chuan’s expression changed.

These bells... At this level of urgency... He had heard them once when he was six years old.

“Assemble, head to the nearest Dao Academy,” the guards in the manor immediately shouted. They were veterans. Their peaceful lives in the city hadn’t worn away their fighting spirit. They had long gotten used to this due to their five years of military service. When they encountered demons, it was a fight to the death! Everyone had to fight to the death!

At this moment, the entire Eastcalm Prefecture would become a battlefield. Anyone at or above the Marrow Cleansing realm had to take up arms!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: One Man, One Blade
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Uncle Qian.” Meng Chuan gave orders. “Open the armory and let everyone choose from it. After everyone at and above the Marrow Cleansing realm chooses their armor and weapons, immediately head to Mirror Lake Dao Academy.”

“Yes.” Everyone responded in unison, their eyes filled with fervor and fighting spirit.

The Dao Academies needed to be well-protected. Eastcalm Prefecture City was currently being attacked by the demons. The whole city was in danger. The other Dao Academies were too far to head to. Even the ancestral mansion was over five kilometers away. It was simply too difficult for these guards to cover such a distance. They might perish along the way. As for Mirror Lake Dao Academy, it was very close.

Swoosh. A figure charged into the Meng Manor and arrived at the training grounds.

The figure hurriedly called out, “Meng Chuan!” It was a black-haired elder.

“Fifth Elder.” Meng Chuan immediately recognized the person.

“Fairy’s orders,” said the black-haired elder in a low voice. “Eastcalm Prefecture is in grave danger, so you are allowed to do anything. However, please protect the 3000 clansmen in the ancestral mansion! The five Godfiend family clans will also be the focus of the demons’ attack. Also, if Fairy and the others were to die in battle and the demon monarchs win, countless people in Eastcalm Prefecture will flee. You must also flee, but do so alone. You are the entire Meng family’s hope. Don’t fall into a dire situation.”

“Understood.” Meng Chuan nodded. He knew what his grandaunt’s intentions were.

The demon monarchs were now being held down by the Godfiends. With Meng Chuan’s speed, no one could stop him if he wanted to leave! Thus, he was permitted to take any action. She even hoped that he could protect the 3000 clansmen at the ancestral mansion.

If the Godfiends were defeated, the demon monarchs would be free to massacre the entire prefecture. By then, Meng Chuan would have to flee!

“I’ll be returning to the ancestral mansion immediately. Are you coming with me?” asked the black-haired elder.

“I’ll head over to save Qiyue first. Qiyue is still on the way to Blazing Sun Dao Academy,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ll go to the ancestral mansion after saving Qiyue.”

“Okay.” The black-haired elder turned and left. Time was precious.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan took a step forward and leaped past the yard wall. He was like a wisp of smoke that flew across houses as he headed straight for Blazing Sun Dao Academy. His sensory domain spanned half a kilometer, so he was confident that he could find Liu Qiyue immediately once he was near.

Qiyue is in the Mortal Shedding realm; she’s an archer who’s not good at close combat. It will be troublesome if she encounters a horde of demons. Meng Chuan’s heart burned with anxiety.

They grew up together.

Qiyue was very important to him. He had to protect her. Although his father and Uncle Liu were outside, they had long achieved Force and had years of experience fighting demons on the battlefield. Working together, there were high chances they could deal with dangerous situations. Most importantly, he had no idea where his father had gone. Searching for him would be futile. However, he knew Qiyue had gone to Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Meng Chuan moved very quickly. Suddenly, he saw something a distance away.

From afar, ugly figures were running on the streets. Some were running on the roofs while others were flying in the sky. Demons were generally taller than humans, and it was common for them to be over ten feet tall. Sometimes, one could even see massive demons about 20 to 30 feet tall! All sorts of demons were maniacally advancing, charging towards Meng Chuan.

There are so many demons. Meng Chuan’s heart tightened. From the looks of it, the World Entrance is somewhere in that direction, Meng Chuan guessed. The demons head in different directions once they exit the World Entrance.

There’s no way to avoid demons on the way to Blazing Sun Dao Academy. I can only storm my way through. Meng Chuan didn’t slow down as he rushed into the demon army.

Under normal circumstances, a mortal realm individual’s strength was rather useless against an army. However, Meng Chuan’s abilities bolstered his courage. He could sense everything within half a kilometer. With his extraordinary speed, he feared nothing.

Oh? As he ran, he got closer to the demon army. At a glance, he saw many demons engaged in battle.

Human experts were holding them back.

Roar! A wolf demon was entangled by a net. It let out an angry roar but couldn’t tear the net apart. Following that, three short spears shot out from a house and pierced through the wolf demon’s body. It fell to the ground, devoid of any life.

“Let’s charge in.” Immediately, five demons charged into the house. The room was filled with traps, and three human experts were lying in ambush.

The moment the demons rushed in, two demons were entangled in ropes before short spears killed them!

Ropes were the easiest to obtain and could be quickly set up. Therefore, it was basic knowledge for humans—who had served in the military—to set up rope traps. Clearly, there were many ropes traps set up in the house. However, the demons were no fools. Only two demons succumbed to the traps before the two-storied building was partially destroyed.

If one were to say that the combat skills of the human experts were very brilliant—with them setting up traps and working together—demons only had one skill. All they did was charge forward and kill!

“From the looks of it, the three of us are about to die here,” said an elderly, one-armed man holding a saber as he chuckled.

A single-eyed woman was carrying a short spear sack on her back. She wielded a short spear in each hand and once again threw them at the demons. The threat she posed at short distances—like in the room—was extremely high, but the mantis demon at the very front easily blocked it. The single-eyed woman smiled as well. “The three of us are in the Marrow Cleansing realm. Killing three lesser demons makes our sacrifice worth it.”

“Madam, Uncle Zhang, let’s do it again. Every demon taken down helps,” said a tall man holding a shield and a large axe.

The overall strength of the demons was far greater than that of humans.

For example, in this 18,000-strong demon army that had been deployed, there were more than two hundred demons that could release their demonic aura! As for Eastcalm Prefecture, only about twenty humans had comprehended Force. Although humans could generally single-handedly deal with two or even three demons, the most powerful members of the demon army were the eighteen commanders! These commanders all had top-notch demon monarch bloodlines. They were several times stronger than ordinary Core Condensation humans. These commanders were all capable of crushing the human Core Condensation experts.

The weakest lesser demons among the demons... No matter how brutish they were in battle, they had bodies on par with humans in the Mortal Shedding realm. With the decree in effect, Marrow Cleansing realm experts had to use traps, allowing them to use their cooperative techniques to put up a fight against the demons.

Therefore, even the Godfiends admitted that in the mortal realm, demons could indeed crush humans.

However, Godfiends were no weaker than demon monarchs. As long as the Godfiends won, slaying the ordinary demons would be much easier.

“Kill!” The tall, muscular man, the single-eyed woman, and the one-armed elder went into a frenzy. They braced themselves for a final battle as the three demons lunged forward to tear the three humans apart.

Swoosh.

A saber beam flashed past. The saber beam sliced through the three demons. The three demons were cut in half, and their bodies convulsed on the ground.

Meng Chuan’s figure appeared near the house momentarily before he left quickly.

Looking at the three demons that were instantly killed, the stocky man, the single-eyed woman, and the one-armed elder were stunned to see the distant Meng Chuan.

“It’s Young Master Meng.”

“Young Master Meng saved us.” The three of them felt joy from surviving a calamity. They obviously wanted to live, if possible.

“Why would Young Master Meng take the initiative to attack the demon army?” The one-eyed woman was puzzled.

“Don’t waste time thinking about it. Hurry up, we need to defend Uncle Zhang’s place,” urged the tall man. The three of them immediately abandoned the house and went to the next ambush spot.

During a demon invasion, humans used the terrain to their advantage. They set up traps in the entire city. This was the most efficient method. There was really no way for them to defeat the demons if they fought head-on.

...

“There are humans resisting over there. Head there.” The demon army was advancing. At the same time, some greater demons led the lesser demons to bring hell upon an area.

The demons could afford to lose a lesser demon for the life of a Marrow Cleansing expert. After all, the Marrow Cleansing experts in Eastcalm City only numbered five to six thousand.

Meng Chuan slaughtered demons along the way. When his saber beams killed more than ten demons, he immediately attracted the attention of two demon lieutenant commanders.

“That human is very powerful. He should be a human who has comprehended Force.”

“Surround him and kill him.”

“Kill!”

The two demon lieutenant commanders led over a hundred demons to surround him.

This scene was also noticed by the black bear demon commander, who was half a kilometer away. It was fifty-foot tall, far taller than an ordinary restaurant.

“Deal with that human quickly. Head to Mirror Lake Dao Academy and destroy it.” The black bear demon commander gave the order. It had a Black Mountain demon monarch bloodline. Normal Core Condensation bear demons were about twenty to thirty feet tall. However, this one was fifty feet tall... Its strength was several times greater than the typical Core Condensation bear demon. Its body was much stronger, so it naturally took up the position of a commander.

It had immense strength. It could crush an ordinary house with a single step. Its voice rumbled, echoing about a kilometer away.

“Head to Mirror Lake Dao Academy.”

“Head to Mirror Lake Dao Academy.”

Many demon lieutenant commanders under its command began repeating the order.

“Quickly, kill this human.” The two demon lieutenant commanders who were surrounding him heard the bear commander’s instructions. They were also rather anxious as large groups of demons swarmed Meng Chuan.

Head to Mirror Lake Dao Academy? Meng Chuan’s eyelids twitched as a cold glint flashed in his eyes.

As the eldest senior brother of Mirror Lake Dao Academy, his choice of first rescuing Qiyue before heading to the ancestral mansion made him feel like he had let down Mirror Lake Dao Academy.

At this moment, he saw the thousand-odd demon army heading towards Mirror Lake Dao Academy. His killing intent was cold.

Once I kill the demon commander, the threat of this demon army will be halved.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54: Overwhelming
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Hold him back.”

“As long as we restrain him, he’s dead.” The two demon lieutenant commanders commanded as the demons under them charged forward fearlessly. Five avian demons swooped down from the sky.

Meng Chuan also felt pressure.

These two demon lieutenant commanders. One of them can release their demonic aura while the other has condensed a demon core. Meng Chuan immediately determined his opponents’ strength through his perception. There are also 19 greater demons and 176 lesser demons. As long as a demon restrains me, a horde of demons will immediately rush over. The two lieutenant commanders will then kill me.

Although I’m stronger than the two demon lieutenant commanders, my strength is limited. Once I’m restrained, I will be torn apart.

This was the battlefield. A large group of demons lunged at him. If not for his sensory domain, he would have long dodged the demon army.

“Kill!” Although he felt a little wistful, his speed did not slow down. Compared to experts in the same realm, he was very good at dealing with group attacks. He could even make his enemies hit themselves!

Meng Chuan unleashed terrifying speed, transforming into a blur and charged towards one of the demons in the group.

“He isn’t dodging and instead charged over?”

“Stop him.”

“Quick!”

These two hundred demons were somewhat scattered and had yet to completely surround him before Meng Chuan took the initiative to attack.

You’re too slow. As Meng Chuan rushed forward, he unsheathed his saber, and the blade lit up.

With one saber beam, three demons were sliced apart. The saber beams flashed again and again.

He charged straight towards the black bear demon Commander. Several saber beams flashed, and the 30 demons that barely managed to gather around him were easily culled. A single saber beam was about twenty to thirty feet long. It sliced the demons into two. This left the other demons—who were prepared to pounce over—shuddering in fear. Even their charging speed slowed down.

He sensed the demons charging towards him as he swung his saber repeatedly; his speed could not help but slow down.

“Make way.” Two demon lieutenant commanders charged over. One was a spider demoness, while the other was a goat demon.

The spider demoness was faster. She had six arms that each held a scimitar. She was the first to reach fifty feet within Meng Chuan. Without warning, she opened her mouth, and a white spider web flew out, enveloping Meng Chuan. The distance was too close, and its speed was too fast.

However, having been forged in the crucible of arrow volleys, Meng Chuan’s reaction speed had been honed to new heights. Besides, everything within a hundred feet was within his sensory domain! The moment the spider demoness opened her mouth, Meng Chuan was immediately prepared.

His figure vanished.

The white spider web only covered two unlucky lesser demons. The two lesser demons wailed in pain as they rapidly turned into meat paste as they were pinned to the ground by the spider web. When the spider demoness saw her killer move dodged, she was somewhat indignant.

“Kill!” Meng Chuan used his movement technique and attacked the two demon lieutenant commanders.

The spider demoness brandished her scimitars. and instantly, a slew of saber slashes rained upon Meng Chuan. As for the goat demon, he engaged in close combat.

Pfft. Pfft.

Meng Chuan moved to a spot between the two demon lieutenant commanders. His control of the situation was very fine. He could see the traces of the two demon lieutenant commanders’ attacks clearly. With a saber beam, one of the spider demoness’ scimitars was redirected towards the goat demon.

What’s going on? The spider demoness and the goat demon were alarmed. Why were they attacking each other?

They didn’t know that two of the Skydemon Sect’s Eastcalm branch’s leaders had once encountered a similar situation before. However, Meng Chuan had only managed to do so by using the Power of the Soul previously. Now, he could accomplish it easily.

Clang! The goat demon immediately blocked the spider demoness’s attack.

Pfft.

Following the spider demoness’s attack was a silent and gentle slash from Meng Chuan.

What? The goat demon’s heart jolted. The saber beam had already reached its neck, and soon, its head flew up.

The goat lieutenant commander was dead.

The spider demoness immediately thought something was amiss, but Meng Chuan turned his head and furiously chopped down. This was the first strike of the Five Lightning Descent! It was extremely fast, and lightning was released. The power of the lightning was still very weak, so it would’ve been easily resisted by the spider demoness’s powerful body—not causing any negative effects. However, the terrifying power of that strike made it extremely difficult to block it. Fortunately, the demoness had a total of six arms. The six scimitars were barely able to block it. Even so, an opening was revealed.

The second strike came with even more speed.

When the spider demoness sensed the danger of death, she immediately opened her mouth and attempted to spit out another web. Just as her mouth opened, Meng Chuan sensed it extremely clearly. At this distance, he didn’t want to have a taste of the spider web. He imbued his second strike with the Power of the Soul, causing the saber beam to move faster by 30 percent. Following the opening the spider demoness revealed, the beam sliced across her neck.

Before the spider demoness could spit out the spider web, her head flew up.

The lieutenant commanders—the goat demon and the spider demoness—died in battle one after another.

The surrounding demons were alarmed. These two lieutenant commanders were powerful. One was capable of releasing their demonic aura while the other had condensed a demon core. Yet, they were killed in just one or two moves?

I can’t be caught by them. Meng Chuan knew very well that he had already used a few tricks.

In terms of strength, he was indeed superior to the two demon lieutenant commanders. However, the strength difference wasn’t ridiculously large. In a one-on-one fight, his opponent would use forbidden techniques. He would’ve then needed two to three moves to kill the goat demon. He would’ve needed ten moves to kill the spider demoness.

However, if he were to engage in a drawn-out battle, he would have long been surrounded by more demons. He needed to seize every opportunity to save Qiyue. Therefore, he had to pass through the demons’ obstructions quickly!

He first used his speed and made them hit each other, then taking the opportunity to kill the goat demon with one strike. Afterward, he used his full strength and fused a wisp of his Power of the Soul into his saber art, thus quickly killing the spider demoness.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan rushed towards the black bear demon commander. He felt the pressure and had schemed to finish the two demon lieutenant commanders in quick succession.

However, in the eyes of the surrounding demons, this human was simply too terrifying! First, he wantonly decimated the ordinary demons that surrounded him before killing two demon lieutenant commanders in the blink of an eye. He was so powerful that it was inconceivable for anyone who wasn’t a Godfiend or demon monarch.

“Oh?” The demon lieutenant commanders in the distance noticed the deaths of the goat demon and spider demoness—who had similar strengths as them. They felt threatened.

Furthermore, not only did Meng Chuan not choose to escape, but he also rushed towards the black bear demon commander.

“You killed two of my lieutenant commanders?” The black bear demon commander watched from afar. His fifty-foot tall body was a lot taller than the surrounding buildings. His arms were even thicker than ordinary trees, and he stared coldly at the puny human.

“Since he has a death wish, surround him. Don’t let him escape,” said the black bear demon commander. “I want to crush this ant to death.”

“Surround him.”

“Don’t let him escape.”

“Surround him.”

The army that had been charging towards Mirror Lake Dao Academy with all their might stopped under the lieutenant commanders’ orders and began surrounding Meng Chuan.

Almost a thousand demons—spread across a region that spanned over half a kilometer—began to surround him. The pressure on Meng Chuan was immense.

Meng Chuan’s gaze turned cold.

If they were to reach Mirror Lake Dao Academy, the Dao Academy would really be in big trouble. With the aid of armaments, the Dao Academy can still fend off ordinary demons. However, it would be rather difficult for them to face demon lieutenant commanders. If they encountered a demon commander... they would probably need a large number of people to help with the defense. They would need to rely on numbers to make up for the difference in strength.

“Catch him.” The black bear demon commander pointed at the charging Meng Chuan.

A hundred demons near the commander pounced over.

“Kill!”

At this moment, Meng Chuan drew his saber. He lashed out wildly.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Saber beams that were several dozens of feet long flew out. In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan had swung his saber over a hundred times.

The saber beams surged towards the demons that pounced at him.

After comprehending Force, he could release Quintessential Energy. After condensing his core, Quintessential Energy would undergo a qualitative change and become Quintessential Essence. His foundation was even more robust than an expert in the same realm. His body and Quintessential Essence were several times stronger! The saber beams formed by Quintessential Essence even drew in the Heaven and Earth powers to form beams that were dozens of feet long! Over 100 dense saber beams flew out, scaring the demons.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft—

The saber beams were too fast. Although the large group of demons fled in panic, they were mostly sliced apart. Some demons were cut in half. Some saber beams sliced through three demons at once.

In the blink of an eye, over half of the hundred demons died. Only a dozen demons were lucky enough to survive. They were too frightened to charge forward.

My Quintessential Essence has been depleted by half in an instant. I really can’t do this too often. Meng Chuan felt his dantian become much more empty.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: Black Bear Demon Commander
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The massacre by saber beams left many demons astounded.

“All of you, get lost.” The black bear demon commander stared coldly at the puny human. Then, he let out a guttural roar. The demons around him were so frightened they hurriedly ran far away. They knew how terrifying their commander was. If a battle occurred, those around him might be implicated. Such implications only had one outcome—death.

When he saw demons running away from the black bear demon commander, Meng Chuan immediately became more cautious. Despite his cautiousness, he still charged at the black bear demon commander at maximum speed.

Anybody who wasn’t a Godfiend or demon monarch... None could frighten him!

The black bear demon commander stood still and coldly glared at Meng Chuan. When Meng Chuan was 100-feet away from him, the black bear demon commander suddenly roared.

Growl—

Like thunder, the sound waves produced by the roar blasted forward in a fan-shaped manner. The surrounding houses trembled from the sound wave vibrations and collapsed.

Meng Chuan was shocked by the roar, but he hurriedly sealed his ears with Quintessential Essence. But, even though he had sealed his ears, his entire body turned numb from vibrations. He felt a little dizzy, and his nose started to bleed uncontrollably.

Boom! After roaring, the black bear demon commander took a step forward. It was as though a mountain was charging towards Meng Chuan. His giant foot stomped down on Meng Chuan.

Despite bearing the brunt of the vibrations, Meng Chuan was still able to maintain clarity of his mind. Within his hundred-foot sensory domain, he could sense the black bear commander clearly.

With a whoosh, he dodged the giant foot and slashed at the bear demon’s head. However, Meng Chuan felt his vision turn dark. A giant bear paw brought whistling black wind as it flew towards Meng Chuan.

Not good. Meng Chuan rapidly circulated his Quintessential Essence. Lightning faintly erupted from his body, and he switched directions in midair, dodging to the side. The giant bear’s paw and the whistling black wind swept past him in a harrowing manner.

“Die!” The black bear demon commander roared as he struck out with his paws. The terrifying attack stirred the Heaven and Earth powers.

Black winds howled around Meng Chuan. Using his movement technique amidst the black wind was exhausting.

A pair of giant bear paws struck out at high speed. The strength of the paw strike was simply inconceivable. Meng Chuan’s Godfiend foundation was more robust than peers in his realm, but his strength was still inferior to the black bear demon commander’s.

Yan Jin is good at frontal assaults. His strength is much greater than mine. Perhaps he can withstand the black bear demon commander’s strike. If I’m not using the Power of the Soul, I’ll lose the ability to resist if I get struck, even if I don’t die.

However, he wasn’t flustered. After all, his speed was insane!

Whoosh—

Lightning curled around Meng Chuan’s body. With two blinding flashes, he arrived behind the black bear demon commander.

“Kill!” Meng Chuan attacked the black bear demon commander from behind.

The black bear demon commander immediately turned around and waved his giant bear paws.

Meng Chuan’s lightning-bright figure flashed repeatedly within the black wind generated by the bear demon.

This human is really fast. The black bear demon commander was astonished. In terms of movement techniques, he was far inferior to Meng Chuan. However, his paws had long been trained to be agile and swift. He could produce black wind to suppress his surrounding enemies. He was originally very confident, but he was slightly flustered now. His paws couldn’t touch the human.

Pfft.

The black bear demon commander’s paw missed once again. Meng Chuan seized the opportunity and slashed at the black bear demon commander.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Meng Chuan’s expression changed.

The black bear demon commander’s extremely tough fur was five feet long. By the time Meng Chuan’s saber beams sliced through the fur and bear hide, the attacks lacked power. The thick skin membrane beneath the bear hide blocked the attacks easily.

This strike failed to see blood.

Too thick. Its fur is five feet long, and the bear hide is three feet thick... I can’t damage it at all. Meng Chuan immediately understood his limitations.

This black bear demon commander had immense strength, a strong defense, and a pair of paws containing terrifying might. It even generated strong gusts of wind.

Growl—

After the Meng Chuan’s failed attack, the demon commander’s eyes flashed with a cold glint. With the close distance between the two, the bear demon immediately roared.

Meng Chuan immediately sensed his opponent’s actions using his hundred-foot domain.

Roar— At the close distance, the roar was like a thunderclap, and the sonic waves inundated him.

Boom!

With a thought, Meng Chuan infused the Power of the Soul into his whole body.

Meng Chuan could only hear his beating heart, his breathing, and rushing blood. Every fiber, every bone, and every tendon in his body had Quintessential Essence flowing through them via the meridians. His control over his body soared.

Meng Chuan wasn’t very willing to imbue his body with the Power of the Soul because it would exhaust the Power of the Soul reserves greatly. He could only do this five times! After using it five times, he would take half a day to recover. The entire Eastcalm Prefecture City was currently a battlefield. He had to conserve his Power of the Soul as much as he could to prevent any accidents from occurring.

If he were in a hopeless situation, he could lose his life without the Power of the Soul.

However, the saber strike he delivered earlier showed how ridiculously tough the bear demon’s hide was. He was unable to injure it. He had to use the Power of the Soul to elevate his strength to kill his opponent. As long as he could kill the black bear demon commander, the fight Mirror Lake Dao Academy would face would be much easier.

Swoosh.

His Quintessential Essence fused with his body perfectly. The huge leap in strength and speed multiplied his combat power several-fold. His speed had reached a whole new level. The lightning curling around his body increased in density by ten times. It was as though he had become a lightning god.

Swoosh.

He stepped on the bear demon’s body, leaving behind an afterimage. Following that, he delivered a slash!

Boom!

The saber beam condensed like water. It was a hundred feet long, and it swept past the black bear demon’s neck.

It sliced through the thick fur, bear hide, membrane, muscles...

It completely sliced through the bear.

When speed reached a certain level, a saber beam would become extremely sharp. The sharpness exceeded what the black bear demon commander’s body could handle. The body that the bear demon was proud of could not withstand such a strike.

The black bear demon head—which was much larger than a house—flew up into the air. The black bear demon commander’s eyes were still filled with disbelief. He couldn’t understand why the other party could suddenly kill him with a single strike despite having the upper hand previously. The strike was so fast that he was unable to withstand or block it. Its sharpness was not something his body could defend against.

The black bear demon commander was dead.

Time to leave. Meng Chuan didn’t stop as lightning curled around his body unceasingly. He transformed into a bolt of lightning and rushed towards Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

...

Nearby demons were watching from afar. They had been filled with confidence in their commander.

When they saw Meng Chuan fail to injure the commander with his first strike, many demons laughed.

“This human is truly laughable.”

“Commander has the Black Mountain demon monarch bloodline. His body is like a mountain. In the entire Nine Convocation fief, Commander’s body is the strongest beneath demon monarchs.”

“His blade is scratching an itch for Commander.”

“He has been hit by Commander’s roar at such close distance. He’s dead.”

The demons watched with smiles.

But following that, the figure enveloped by lightning produced a terrifying strike! The aqueous saber beam beheaded the bear demon, causing all the demons to fall silent.

The black bear demon commander was dead? Killed by a single slash?

As they watched the figure rapidly depart, no demons attempted to stop him! They were completely terrified.

Ordinary demons would be sliced apart by saber beams. If a lieutenant commander went over? Even the commander had been killed with one strike, so wouldn’t it be tempting fate if a lieutenant commander went over?

“The commander is dead. What should we do?” The remaining eight lieutenant commanders hesitated.

Immediately, a snake demon commander said, “There are always casualties when attacking a human city. Since the commander is dead, we have to continue heading for our destination. Attack Mirror Lake Dao Academy.”

“A human Dao Academy is the most heavily guarded. All sides will provide reinforcements. With the Commander around, we could invade it, but it’s not ideal to go there now. We should go somewhere else. We can still kill humans this way.”

“To the Dao Academy, that is our most important goal.”

“What’s the point if we can’t kill them? Let’s kill the other humans in the city!” The eight commanders began to squabble.

The demons followed the law of the jungle. None of the eight commanders could completely restrain their peers.

Hence, this demon army began to disperse. Some continued advancing and prepared to head to Mirror Lake Dao Academy to see if any other demon armies were attacking it. If there were, they could then join in. Some had completely given up on attacking Mirror Lake Dao Academy and began to hunt down the humans in Eastcalm Prefecture.

...

I’ve done all I can. Without a commander’s threat, Mirror Lake Dao Academy should be able to hold on. Meng Chuan turned into a blur as he rushed forward. I have to find Qiyue right now.

He had already wasted time due to his skirmish. He couldn’t afford to waste any more time.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

He hurried at full speed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: Blazing Sun Dao Academy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the early morning, Liu Qiyue left Mirror Lake Meng Manor and used her movement technique to flit across the street along the river. Occasionally, she would fly hundreds of feet across the river surface. Occasionally, she would step on a tree branch, moving in an elegant and lithe manner. To Liu Qiyue, the path from home to the Dao Academy was suitable for practicing movement techniques. A sharpshooter had to have brilliant movement techniques.

This way, they could quickly pull away from approaching enemies! Liu Qiyue felt pressured with a genius like Meng Chuan beside her.

In her eyes, Ah Chuan was simply too hardworking! Every day, he trained by carrying out 8000 Saber Drawing Stance repetitions, and he would cultivate for an hour under arrow fire. He also had the Swaying Moonfall and other moves to train. Even after he had comprehended Force, he remained diligent.

This made Liu Qiyue feel like it was a sin to relax. Thus, she put her heart and mind into cultivating. Although she was still inferior to Meng Chuan’s and Yan Jin’s mad cultivating speed, it was much better than before. This was also why she had comprehended the secret technique last year.

As she cultivated her movement technique during her commute, her traveling speed was faster than Meng Chuan had expected.

When the Jadesun Palace alarm bells sounded throughout the entire city, Liu Qiyue was only a kilometer away from Blazing Sun Academy.

A demon invasion? When Liu Qiyue heard the bells, her expression changed drastically. Her speed increased rapidly. She raised her speed to her limits and charged towards Blazing Sun Dao Academy. Hawkers and pedestrians on the streets all rushed to different places.

Whoosh.

Liu Qiyue was at the late-stage of the Mortal Shedding realm, and she had also comprehended the secret technique. Her movement speed was still extremely fast.

When she was 1000 feet away from Blazing Sun Dao Academy, she saw a demon army appear behind her. Demons had appeared everywhere. On the streets, rooftops, and in the sky, all of them headed towards Blazing Sun Dao Academy. This scene made Liu Qiyue’s heart palpitate. It was her first time seeing so many demons.

“Quick, quick.”

“Quickly enter the Dao Academy.” At the entrance of the Dao Academy, there were a group of people, such as the dean, lecturers, and many soldiers. There were eight Dao Academies, and each Dao Academy was next to a military encampment. Therefore, soldiers could immediately come and reinforce their defenses.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Many Dao Academy disciples’ faces flushed red as they rushed to the Dao Academy with their movement techniques.

Most of the disciples from Blazing Sun Dao Academy lived in the Dao Academy. As the forts in the countryside sent many people over, they stayed in the Dao Academy since they didn’t have any other places to live in. There were quite a few locals who lived in the Dao Academy as well. After all, ordinary residences didn’t have cultivation grounds. Only a few disciples commuted to the Dao Academy daily.

However, this small number numbered nearly 1000 disciples.

The dean and the others were extremely anxious. Based on the time, 1000 disciples would be en route. Some had arrived while others were still on their way.

“Liu Qiyue, quickly go in.” When the dean saw Liu Qiyue arrive, he immediately waved his hand.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue rushed into the Dao Academy. She turned around and saw many adults dressed in armor and wielding weapons. They quickly rushed over. Most of them were in the Marrow Cleansing realm, some were in the Mortal Shedding realm, and a few experts were in the Seamless realm. The few Seamless realm experts were each carrying a young man with an arm. There was an especially strong man who carried an additional two youths on his back. His hands were empty as he rushed in with large strides.

“Find me an axe. To run faster while carrying these two punks, I threw away my axe.” The burly man ran at surprisingly fast speeds, and quickly threw the four young men and women he carried with him.

“Brother Wang, don’t worry. There are plenty of weapons in the Dao Academy,” said the dean immediately.

“I’ll head out to save a few more.” The burly man turned around and ran out.

The dean of Blazing Sun Dao Academy and a number of the soldiers were holding bows and arrows. When the demons approached 2000-feet, the dean—who had comprehended Force—would be the first to shoot an arrow.

Swoosh.

The arrow shot through the air, leaving behind an afterimage as it pierced through an enormous elephant demon’s head, causing it to collapse.

“The demon army is here.” Liu Qiyue also retrieved her bow and arrows from her back. She also wanted to help, but with the demon’s speed, she was only confident of killing them within a distance of 1000-feet.

“Quick, quick! Everyone is to enter the Dao Academy!” The dean’s expression changed. “The demon commander is here. Quick!”

“Quick!” All the soldiers, as well as a few Seamless realm experts—who had tried their best to save more people—had a change in expression. All of them rushed towards the Dao Academy.

Having served in the military at Qinyang Pass, they knew how terrifying a demon commander was! Fighting a demon commander head on meant certain death.

...

Meng Chuan traveled at full speed.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

They deserve death. With a single glance, Meng Chuan could see the many human corpses in the distance. When the demon army came through the World Entrance and entered Eastcalm Prefecture, they quickly spread out in all directions. When Jadesun Palace sounded the alarm, quite a few humans had already perished. This was especially true for those who were too close to the demon army. Those weak humans didn’t even have the time to hide in the tunnels.

Many ordinary people—who didn’t have any talent in cultivation—were slaughtered by the demons.

Corpses were everywhere.

After passing by that area, Meng Chuan’s face darkened.

Demons deserve to be killed. They deserve death! Meng Chuan quickly rushed forward, but he couldn’t help but take in the scene around him. Suddenly, he saw something at the corner of the street.

It was a young couple who used their bodies to shield a baby. However, the couple’s and the baby’s bodies had been impaled.

Damn it! Meng Chuan’s eyes turned red. He couldn’t help but think of his parents.

His mother charged towards the demons to fend them off. His father frantically escaped with him on his back. With tears streaming down his face, he fled without turning his head. Back then, he had survived.

But the couple in front of them hadn’t managed to protect their child even with their lives.

I swear that I will kill all demons. I’ll kill them all! Meng Chuan continued to run with red eyes.

“There are humans there.” From afar, ten demons were scattered as they continued pursuing humans. A father and son duo had escaped from a residential compound while three demons chased after them.

Swoosh.

In a flash, Meng Chuan traversed hundreds of feet. With a swing of his saber, the three demons were split into two.

The fleeing father and son turned to look in disbelief.

“Senior Brother Meng.” The youth was overjoyed.

Meng Chuan turned his head to take a look and recognized that it was a junior brother from Mirror Lake Dao Academy. He nodded slightly, and with a flash, he traversed hundreds of feet again. He also passed by seven other demons. His saber glinted in the sunlight as it sliced them apart. Two saber beams pursued the fleeing demons. The seven demons were killed instantly.

Meng Chuan didn’t even turn his head to look and continued to move.

“Dad, it’s Senior Brother Meng. Senior Brother Meng saved us,” the youth said immediately.

“Yes, I know it’s Young Master Meng.” The middle-aged man was filled with excitement from surviving a calamity. He immediately said, “Let’s quickly hide and set up a trap again.”

“Yes.” The youth nodded.

The father and son quickly disappeared from the densely packed housing district.

...

Meng Chuan continued advancing.

Along the way, he saw young men and women dressed in Blazing Sun Dao Academy’s robes. They had all died. Clearly, they were on the way to the Dao Academy and had encountered demons!

Meng Chuan fell silent. At the same time, he was also searching for Liu Qiyue with great concern. Could it be that Qiyue encountered danger and fled elsewhere? Have I missed her?

He felt uneasy.

It’s also possible Qiyue has already arrived at Blazing Sun Dao Academy. Meng Chuan prayed, but the killing intent in his heart grew stronger. He was only a kilometer away from Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

Suddenly, he saw billowing smoke from a fire beacon rise up ahead of him. It was in the direction of Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

It’s smoke from a fire beacon. Blazing Sun Dao Academy has lit up the fire beacon? Meng Chuan’s heart tightened. They can’t hold out any longer?

The entire Eastcalm Prefecture City had been invaded. Unless they were in a desperate situation, the Dao Academy wouldn’t light the fire beacon.

Meng Chuan’s figure flashed twice before reaching the top of a towering tree. Looking in the direction of Blazing Sun Dao Academy, he saw a dense horde of demons surrounding it.

With just a glance, his expression changed. There are about 2000 demons. There should be two demon commanders!

Quick. Meng Chuan reeled in anxiety. With a flash, he dashed towards Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: Liu Qiyue
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Everyone is to enter Blazing Sun Castle,” urged the dean. Everyone in Blazing Sun Dao Academy rushed towards Blazing Sun Castle.

Blazing Sun Castle was a huge fortress in Blazing Sun Dao Academy—it was where the disciples usually lived.

“Everyone below the Marrow Cleansing realm, enter the tunnels.”

“Quick, quick, quick.”

Inside Blazing Sun Castle, a large number of disciples from the Dao Academy were split into dozens of teams and quickly ran into the tunnels.

The construction of Blazing Sun Castle employed the best ideas gleaned from the construction of forts in the countryside, and it was much more extravagant. The Imperial Court spent a lot of money to hire high-level craftsmen to design and build it.

Thousands of Dao Academy disciples entered the tunnels.

Dong! Dong! Dong!

Every tunnel began locking down with their various traps and mechanisms.

Deactivating the traps and mechanisms could only be done from the inside. It was impossible to do so from the outside. Even if demons were to charge in, it would still take some time for them to breach the defenses.

“Prepare the ballistae!” Large ballistae were situated at Blazing Sun Castle’s windows.

One by one, the Dao Academy disciples began to turn the capstan and pinned the bolts down. These Marrow Cleansing realm disciples could exert strength greater than 500 kilograms; yet, they had to use all their strength to turn the capstan. Every single bolt was like a long spear. Walls would crumble under their impact.

“Fire!” a soldier ordered.

The soldiers in charge of launching the ballistae were all experienced soldiers or veteran soldiers who had experience in using ballistae during their military service. As for the disciples in the Marrow Cleansing realm, they were mainly doing manual labor, such as rotating the capstan and delivering ammunition.

With the issued command, large bolts shot out one after another. Any ordinary lesser or greater demon that was hit would have a hole through their bodies.

However, the demons were also dodging frantically. They crossed Blazing Sun Dao Academy’s walls and charged towards the distant Blazing Sun Castle.

“Breach the Blazing Sun Castle.” A two-stories tall ox demon held a trident. It wasn’t eye-catching in the demon army, but it was the strongest. It was the commander of this demon army, Commander Ox.

With Commander Ox’s command, all the lieutenant commanders immediately led the charge as a large number of demons poured towards Blazing Sun Castle.

Swoosh.

An arrow beam streaked across the sky, faster than the ballistae bolts. A demon lieutenant commander tried his best to dodge but still had an arm shot off.

“Eh?” There were only ten lieutenant commanders in this army. Although the power of those ballistae was tremendous, the bolts themselves were extremely large. They were like spears, and their speed wasn’t too exaggerated. At the very least, lieutenant commanders could easily dodge them.

However, the power of this arrow was no less than the ballistae. Its speed was ten times faster, and in an instant, it appeared right in front of them. The lieutenant commanders found it hard to dodge.

“Human sharpshooter.”

“Be careful.” The demon lieutenant commanders noticed the threat.

The person who shot the arrow was none other than Blazing Sun Dao Academy’s dean, Zhong Qianhe. He was the only Seamless realm sharpshooter in Eastcalm Prefecture that had grasped Force.

“Humph.” Commander Ox snorted coldly and charged forward.

“Fire!” Dean Zhong immediately bombarded Commander Ox with arrows and directed thirty percent of the ballistae bolts to be shot at him.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Commander Ox held his trident with both hands as he brandished it to block the arrows, but it was exhausting. At the same level, the relentless attacks of a sharpshooter were terrifying! Dean Zhong’s barrage of arrows was enough to match Meng Chuan’s close-range saber art. As a result, Commander Ox could only try his best to protect himself.

...

With the sharpshooter—Dean Zhong—restraining the commander, Blazing Sun Castle was able to withstand the demon army’s crazy attack.

However, very quickly, everyone’s expression changed.

“More demons!”

“Another demon army!”

Atop Blazing Sun Castle, they could see a dense horde of demons charging towards them from afar. Clearly, it was another demon army.

With the arrival of a new demon army, the demons’ morale was greatly boosted! After all, they had fallen into a stalemate. They had lost many demons.

“Poison Wyrm, quickly help me. Help me kill that sharpshooter,” Commander Ox roared.

“It looks like an ox demon like you still needs my help?” Commander Wyrm moved extremely quickly. He took on a humanoid form. His body was covered with green dragon scales. He had sharp claws and strong legs! He also had a dragon tail.

He was extremely fast as he headed straight for Commander Ox.

“We’re doomed.” When Dean Zhong saw this, his expression changed. It was already impressive that he could barely pin down a commander. But if two demon commanders worked together? And a group of demon lieutenant commanders? Once these demons were to ascend Blazing Sun Castle, the human casualties would be horrific.

“Hold them back.”

“Stall for time.”

“As long as the Godfiends win, we can win.” The soldiers were roaring angrily. They continued to shoot the ballistae with livid expressions. At the same time, they urged the frantic Dao Academy disciples, “Quickly turn the capstan. Don’t just stare blankly.”

As a sharpshooter, Liu Qiyue was together with 12 other sharpshooters.

These 12 archers were either soldiers or veterans who had returned from military service. Most of them were at the Seamless realm. Liu Qiyue was the only Dao Academy disciple. She was at the late-stage Mortal Shedding realm and had comprehended the secret technique. Thus, she was put in their squad.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Liu Qiyue and the 12 sharpshooters were the trump cards. Their arrows were extremely fast and posed a huge threat to the greater demons.

Usually, three sharpshooters needed to work together to kill a greater demon. In the blink of an eye, more than fifty greater demons had died at their hands.

However, their arrows posed little threat to the demon lieutenant commanders, much less the two commanders.

Not good. Liu Qiyue was anxious.

The demon numbers had doubled.

Previously, they were in a stalemate, but now, they were completely overwhelmed. Under the two commanders’ leadership, a large group of demon lieutenant commanders roared angrily as a dense horde of demons charged.

I can’t hold them off any longer. I can’t hold them off any longer. Liu Qiyue shot out arrows crazily. She even attempted to shoot at the demon lieutenant commanders. The weakest among them could release demonic aura. Some had even condensed their demon cores. They easily blocked her arrows.

Liu Qiyue was in despair as the demons got closer and closer to Blazing Sun Castle.

Why are there two armies here? Dean Zhong felt despair as well. His arrows were blocked by Commanders Ox and Wyrm. They continued advancing.

In fact, there were only 18 demon commanders in this invasion. Some had gone to slaughter humans; others attacked the Godfiend family clans. The rest attacked the imperial government’s office. Although the eight Dao Academies were important, most of them were attacked by one demon army. Only three Dao Academies were each attacked by two demon armies. Blazing Sun Dao Academy was one of them.

No. Liu Qiyue’s eyes turned red as she watched the demons approach.

Whoosh.

Flames began to rise in her eyes, literally. Flame-like wisps of Quintessential Energy erupted from her hands. The flaming Quintessential Energy fused with her arrow.

Swish. An arrow shot out. A flaming streak moved at unbelievable speeds.

Boom!

The flames tore through a greater demon and penetrated two greater demons and three lesser demons behind it. After the demons were struck, the flames continued burning until they were reduced to ashes.

That one arrow led to a fiery death. All six demons were reduced to ashes. Many demons noticed this scene, and the two demon commanders noticed it as well.

“A human with a phoenix bloodline?” Commander Wyrm was alarmed.

“Phoenix Divine Body?” Commander Ox glanced at the distant sharpshooter. It was a young girl whose eyes seemed to be burning with flames.

Qiyue has a Phoenix Divine Body bloodline? Dean Zhong was shocked as well.

There were many types of Godfiend bodies for humans. Some Godfiend bodies could be slowly cultivated, while others were very special. They couldn’t be obtained through cultivation. For example, the Phoenix Divine Body was a very special type of Godfiend body. It was passed down by blood.

The demon commanders all had bloodlines of pinnacle demon monarchs. However, Liu Qiyue’s Phoenix Divine Body bloodline was even stronger than theirs.

“Qiyue, quick. Work with me to deal with the two demon commanders. Stop them,” Dean Zhong immediately ordered.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue felt her body heat up as well. A powerful might arose in her body, causing her Quintessential Energy to undergo a qualitative change. With flaming eyes, she shot at the two demon commanders without hesitation.

Swoosh.

Her arrow was like a flaming stream of light. It was in no way inferior to Dean Zhong’s arrow. Dean Zhong also fired arrows at full strength.

Under the barrage of arrows, Commanders Ox and Wyrm could only block.

“Poison Wyrm, our chance is here.” Commander Ox turned rather excited as he sent a voice transmission. “A human with a Phoenix Divine Body bloodline has actually appeared. As long as we capture her alive, we will gain more credit than destroying a handful of Dao Academies.”

“Hehehe, this human girl is still young. Her Phoenix Divine Body bloodline is also very weak. As long as we breach this castle, we can easily capture her alive.” Commander Wyrm was filled with anticipation as well.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: Ah Chuan is Here!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With a flash, Liu Qiyue appeared beside Dean Zhong Qianhe. They joined forces to pin down the two terrifying demon commanders.

“Dean,” Liu Qiyue said in a low voice. “The special flame is very draining on my Quintessential Energy. I can only fire another 80 arrows at most.”

Dean Zhong wasn’t surprised. Liu Qiyue was only at the late-stage of the Mortal Shedding realm. It was difficult for her to maintain the Phoenix Divine Body’s abilities.

“Don’t be anxious. We’ll try our best to stall for time,” said Dean Zhong with a voice transmission. “We will stall them for as long as we can! As long as the Godfiends win, we’ll be saved.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded and shot arrows with all her might.

“You can shoot slower,” said Dean Zhong with a voice transmission. “I’ll use my full strength. Just support me. As long as we can hold back the two commanders, that’s enough.”

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue was extremely solemn.

...

“We can’t delay. Any delay might lead to unforeseen circumstances. Perhaps, a Godfiend might come to save this human woman who has awakened her phoenix bloodline,” said Commander Wyrm with a voice transmission to his companion. “We have to be fast. As long as we capture this human woman alive, we will immediately send her back to Nine Convocation fief and offer her to the Mountain Lord.”

“Yes, you’re right. As long as we capture this woman, sacrificing all the demons under us will be worth it.” Commander Ox agreed as well. The demons followed the law of the jungle and thought nothing of the ordinary demons beneath them. In fact, these brutal and bloody battles were something the demons were pleased to see. A brutal battle would cause many weak demons to die and also temper the powerful demons.

Wasn’t it good to save on food while grooming the strong if more died?

Therefore, the human Godfiends that presided over important city passes would often encounter demon attacks.

“Charge! The two of us will hold back the two sharpshooters. Destroy this Blazing Sun Castle!” Commander Ox roared.

“Charge, destroy Blazing Sun Castle!” Commander Wyrm gave the same order.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

Immediately, a group of demon lieutenant commanders charged forward with a large number of demons. When the two armies gathered, their numbers increased greatly. Liu Qiyue and Dean Zhong were busy holding back the two commanders. This made it easy for the lieutenant commanders. In just a few seconds, they rushed to the bottom of Blazing Sun Castle.

The dense horde of demons immediately leaped up towards the windows.

“Fire!” Large bolts shot out from the windows and penetrated the demons’ bodies. However, there were too many demons. Some managed to jump up to the windows.

“Brothers, charge!” A large group of human experts was inside the castle. They blocked the demons that were flooding in through the windows.

The battle at Blazing Sun Dao Academy had entered a brutal melee fight!

One demon after another charged in. There were even lieutenant commanders leading the charge. The moment the lieutenant commanders struck out with their axes, the ballistae exploded. The soldiers and disciples who were operating the ballistae were sent flying backward as blood splattered everywhere. They were instantly killed.

“Kill!” The human experts held the terrain advantage. Thanks to the windows, they could fight numbers that exceeded theirs. They killed demon after demon. The demons fell to the ground.

When Dean Zhong saw this cruel scene, his eyelids twitched, and he immediately ordered, “Light up the fire beacon and release the smoke.”

“Yes.” Immediately, one of the lecturers responded and went to light the fire beacon.

Lighting the fire beacon meant that a Dao Academy had reached a dire situation. It wouldn’t be long before it was completely destroyed.

Soon, one of the large smoke pipes in Blazing Sun Castle billowed with smoke—which rose into the sky. The entire Eastcalm Prefecture could see it. Whoever had survived in Eastcalm Prefecture knew what this scene meant—Blazing Sun Dao Academy was in a desperate situation and was requesting help!

The bloody battle in Blazing Sun Castle continued.

“Die.” A muscular man wielding a shield and a great-axe chopped down upon a demon lieutenant commander. His body was covered in blood, and his eyes were red. But then, two lieutenant commanders joined forces and charged towards him. “A human expert who has comprehended Force. Join forces and kill him.”

The advantage the demons had with their overall strength was too great.

The lieutenant commanders were all formidable. The greater demons were comparable to those with Seamless realm bodies. Many of them had reached the Unity realm. Even if humans had the advantage of terrain, they were still suppressed and forced to retreat constantly.

As the number of demons that ascended Blazing Sun Castle increased, the humans began to lose their terrain advantage.

“I really can’t hold on any longer.” Dean Zhong looked at the pale-faced Liu Qiyue—who had used up all her Quintessential Energy. Yet, she had begun desperately casting forbidden spells. He then looked at the human warriors—who were forced to retreat—frantically fending off the demons. Be it the experienced soldiers, the retired soldiers, or the young disciples of the Dao Academy, all of them were using forbidden spells to fight for their lives.

There was no way out. They could only give it their all.

“Each one we take down counts. If I can take down two, it will be worth it!” A crippled veteran charged forwards and put himself between the Dao Academy disciples and the demons.

“Senior Sister Yi, if we survive, will you marry me?”

“Yes, I promise you.”

“Dad, I’ve killed demons as well.” The young disciples also went into a frenzy. They had reached the Marrow Cleansing realm and were considered to have great potential among their generation. However, they had already been forced into a corner.

Tears streamed down their faces as they watched their fellow disciples die in battle. They were also going all out.

“Are we still going to lose?” Liu Qiyue—who had used forbidden Godfiend spells—was trembling slightly. “Dad and Ah Chuan... I really want to see them again.”

At that moment, Liu Qiyue missed her father terribly as well as Ah Chuan.

As a sharpshooter, Liu Qiyue often used Quintessential Energy to nourish her eyes. This allowed her to see things that were very far away clearly. As she stared at the two demon commanders—who were located far away from Blazing Sun Castle—while shooting at them, she suddenly noticed a figure clad in lightning charge over.

“That’s...” Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but tear up. They grew up together. Although the figure was very fast, she was certain. “Ah Chuan! Ah Chuan is here!”

“Ah Chuan!” Liu Qiyue suddenly let out a hiss, her voice sounding a little shrill. “Leave! Don’t come here! Leave, do you hear me!?”

The entire Blazing Sun Dao Academy was in a dire situation. Before the Godfiend realm, it was impossible for mortals to rescue them with their individual strength. In the eyes of almost all mortals—including Liu Qiyue and Dean Zhong—the dire situation that Blazing Sun Dao Academy was facing now was only salvageable if a Godfiend came to save them.

“There’s a human.” The demons—who were still charging forward—discovered a lightning-clad figure charging towards them.

“How dare you attack our demon army. You must be tempting fate.”

“Tear him apart.”

These demons wouldn’t dare to defend against such a fast-moving human in a one-on-one fight. But now that they were two armies combined, they were surrounded by a dense cluster of allies! Their numbers bolstered their confidence. They felt that as long as it wasn’t a Godfiend, they would be able to tear anyone apart if they dared to charge in.

“Kill him.”

“Squash him!”

A group of demons threw their flying axes or spat out venom. Others spewed threads, attempting to pin Meng Chuan down.

Swoosh!

The lightning-clad figure blurred as it streaked across the sky. Meng Chuan easily avoided many obstacles and charged into the demon horde.

“This human really has a death wish.” The demons rushed over crazily. Since demons were attacking Blazing Sun Castle, a dense horde of demons surrounded the castle. Instantly, nearly a hundred demons charged towards Meng Chuan with confidence.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

Six dazzling arc-ing saber beams swept across the area. Each beam was dozens of feet long, and their speed terrifying. The demons were packed too close to each other and couldn’t dodge in time.

With just six saber beams, he sliced through nearly a hundred demons that had come charging at him. Instantly, the entire area was filled with dismembered demon bodies. This caused the castle siege to falter slightly as many demons couldn’t help but look over. After all, the two armies combined numbered about two thousand demons. And nearly a hundred had died in the blink of an eye?

The soldiers, retired veterans, and Dao Academy disciples naturally noticed as well.

They saw a bolt of lightning rapidly charge through the demons. Six blinding saber beams whistled through the air. Many demons were culled like wheat being harvested.

“You two deal with the other demons. Leave the two commanders to me.” A voice resounded throughout Blazing Sun Dao Academy as the lightning-clad figure headed straight for the two demon commanders.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: Demoralized
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan had rushed from Mirror Lake Meng Manor to Blazing Sun Dao Academy. Everything he had seen on the way had caused strong killing intent to burn within him.

He did not hold back as he charged through the demons. Wherever he passed, the demons would be slain like swine!

“Quickly, hide away.”

“Is this human a Godfiend?”

The demons avoided him in horror. If there were a chance of killing him, the demons wouldn’t hesitate to charge forward one after another. However, the strength Meng Chuan revealed was too terrifying. Even if a group of demons charged forward, they would be killed. They weren’t capable of stopping his advance or injuring him. It was a matter of tempting fate. These demons were unwilling to do so.

“What big claims. Leave this human to me,” said Commander Wyrm with a voice transmission. “Continue attacking Blazing Sun Castle and capture that human woman with a phoenix bloodline.”

“Alright.” Commander Ox was also confident in his companion.

Clang!

Commander Wyrm stepped on Blazing Sun Dao Academy’s stone pavement. Afterimages were left in his wake as he attacked.

Meng Chuan charged at an even faster speed.

The two clashed.

Phew. Commander Wyrm’s body silently emanated a colorless poisonous gas. He was called Poison Wyrm because he was good at using poison.

This poison of mine can kill demon commanders with extremely powerful bodies after 30 seconds. Commander Wyrm was extremely confident. The human body is much weaker, so he can only last for a short while. Even if I don’t attack, he will be poisoned to death once he breathes it in.

Furthermore, he was quite skilled in close-quarters combat.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan was clad in lightning. When he was close to Commander Wyrm, he immediately sensed small, distorted worms hiding in the air. These twisted worms were too small to be seen with the naked eye. However, Meng Chuan’s sensory domain allowed him to sense every single worm.

The tiny, translucent worms wriggled in the air.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan turned into a streak of light, moved to the edge of the poisonous gas, and gently touched it.

Ever since he had condensed his core, his Quintessential Energy had transformed into Quintessential Essence—which was much more powerful. Quintessential Essence could protect him and also be released as an attack. As for Meng Chuan’s Godfiend foundation, it was several times stronger than that of ordinary experts. His Quintessential Essence was purer and more condensed.

Once the poisonous gas came into contact with the Quintessential Essence protecting his body, his Quintessential Essence began corroding.

This poisonous gas is powerful. If the poisonous gas surrounded me, my protective Quintessential Essence would be depleted in seconds. If the poison gas enters my body, the consequences would be even direr. Meng Chuan immediately concluded that he clearly couldn’t fight Commander Wyrm for a prolonged period! If it dragged on, his Quintessential Essence would be completely drained. When that happened, how would he fight against his enemies?

I have to use the Power of the Soul again. Meng Chuan sighed. Demon commanders are indeed formidable. The two I’ve encountered... required the Power of the Soul to kill them.

Boom!

The Power of the Soul fused with his entire body.

His control over his body and Quintessential Essence had risen to stunning levels. This feeling of control over his body still mesmerized him. The Quintessential Essence protecting his body became denser, and its resistance to the poison increased by ten-fold. He excavated more of his body’s potential. Every muscle and bone came closer to perfection as they worked in concert. This raised his strength several-fold. The speed he was most proud of had reached an unimaginable level.

Swish! Commander Wyrm felt like the human expert—who had already been faster than him—had instantly increased his speed. He couldn’t even see Meng Chuan clearly.

A Godfiend? Commander Wyrm shuddered and instinctively cast a forbidden spell. However, just as he unleashed a forbidden spell, a nigh-indiscernible saber beam appeared in front of it. Following that, he felt himself flying.

“This is...” He saw a headless wyrm. That’s my body? I-I’ve been killed? Commander Wyrm immediately understood that only his head was flying—his body was still standing at its original location. This understanding didn’t last long as Commander Wyrm’s consciousness disappeared.

...

The entire battlefield suddenly fell silent.

Even the demons that had rushed into Blazing Sun Castle retreated a few steps and slowed down their attack. They looked at the beheaded Commander Wyrm dazedly. A commander was the spiritual center of a demon army. Every commander represented an almost invincible expert beneath the demon monarch realm. And now, Commander Wyrm was killed?

“Poison Wyrm?” Commander Ox—who was blocking Dean Zhong’s arrows—was also stunned. Poison Wyrm—who has fought me for more than a century—is dead just like that? He was killed with a single slash?

“He killed a demon commander in one strike?” The humans had completely different reactions from the demons. This was a pleasant surprise! Although ordinary demons could be easily killed, they didn’t have confidence in Meng Chuan’s fight with the demon commander.

All this while, Dean Zhong and the other experts who had served the military knew a hard truth: A demon commander was virtually invincible under the realm of Godfiends and demon monarchs.

It was already impressive if a peerless human genius could fight them to a standstill. But now, he had killed one with a single slash?

“Let’s block these demons and leave the remaining commander to Meng Chuan.” Dean Zhong was the first to shout loudly. His voice was several decibels louder, and the surrounding human experts heaved sighs of relief.

“Liu Qiyue, stop casting forbidden Godfiend spells. Just rest by the side,” shouted Dean Zhong immediately.

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue stopped casting forbidden Godfiend spells. She leaned against a wall with a pale face and stared at the familiar figure through the window.

Ah Chuan is here! He killed Commander Wyrm with a single slash. Everyone is saved! She knew that Meng Chuan came for her.”Ah Chuan,” Liu Qiyue whispered.

When her childhood sweetheart rushed here to save her despite the demon invasion, Liu Qiyue could only feel a sweet warmth in her heart. Many thoughts ran through her mind, but the pain in her body made her aura weaker.

The forbidden Godfiend spells dealt too much damage to her body. Fortunately, she hadn’t used them for too long. If it had been any longer, she wouldn’t just be aching.

“Kill this group of demons.” Dean Zhong attacked the lieutenant commanders inside Blazing Sun Castle, forcing them to dodge immediately. The archers from before couldn’t threaten them, but they didn’t dare to belittle Dean Zhong’s arrows. If they were hit, they would either be severely injured or dead.

“Fire!”

“Kill them!”

The ballistae that were used to pin down the commanders turned and aimed at the demons that were inside Blazing Sun Castle.

The long spear-like bolts fired. At close range, even the lieutenant commanders had to dodge. Many greater and lesser demons were simply penetrated.

Shoo! Shoo! Shoo!

Dean Zhong joined forces with the ballistae and killed a goat demon lieutenant commander.

Directing the forces that had been pinning down the commanders to the lieutenant commanders had better results. Commander Wyrm’s death had greatly affected the demons’ morale. Many demons wondered if they should retreat. If Commander Ox died as well, that terrifying human would probably turn his sights on them.

In Blazing Sun Castle, the humans’ resistance grew stronger, and the morale of the demons fell precipitously. Instantly, the humans held the upper hand.

...

Meng Chuan had been keeping tabs on the situation in Blazing Sun Castle. He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the humans gaining the upper hand. However, the pale and weak Qiyue worried him.

“Human?” Commander Ox looked at him solemnly.

“Are you ready to die?” asked Meng Chuan as he held his saber. He didn’t dare underestimate the commander. When he killed Commander Wyrm, the green dragon scales had been extremely tough. If he hadn’t used the Power of the Soul, he wouldn’t have been able to cleave through them. This made him poignant—demons had great physical advantages over humans.

Ordinary demons were much stronger than humans. The bodies of these demon commanders were even more terrifying.

However, he could still kill them.

“Human, I can sense that your aura is still that of a mortal’s,” Commander Ox said in a deep voice. “But that strike of yours was terrifying. Are you a human Godfiend who has deliberately concealed your aura?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: There Are Other Godfiends?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan arrived at the critical moment and killed Commander Wyrm in one strike. While this was happening, another scene was playing out in Eastcalm Prefecture’s Jadesun Palace.

Jadesun Palace had already been reduced to ruins. The battle between the Godfiends and demon monarchs was simply horrifying. All the buildings in Jadesun Palace had collapsed. Even the prisons that housed demons had been destroyed. The imprisoned demons were reduced to meat paste, before being turned into pools of blood.

There was not a single bone left, only blood.

Boom!

Yun Wanhai was sent flying backward by a blow, and deep ravines appeared on the ground. His body was surrounded by purple flames, making him look like a flame god. However, he couldn’t help but cough out blood as he lay within the ravine. His blood—filled with dying violet flames—sprayed onto the soil.

“Die!” A black beam flashed as a black-furred ape swung its pole at Yun Wanhai.

Fairy Meng—who was standing a distance away—hurriedly waved her hand with a solemn expression. An illusory hand appeared out of nowhere and grabbed the heavily injured Yun Wanhai, pulling him away. It caused the Demon Monarch Ape’s pole to slam into the ground. The ensuing boom was like a thunderclap in spring. It left behind a huge crater over 100-feet wide. As for Yun Wanhai, he was rapidly sent flying thanks to the yank. He had only been a foot away from being hit by the terrifying pole.

When he flew to Fairy Meng’s side, Yun Wanhai whispered, “Fairy, you saved my life.” With that said, he couldn’t help but cough out blood.

Fairy Meng didn’t think too much of it. She looked up into the sky with a solemn expression. Invisible waves constantly emanated from her as she influenced the three demon monarchs in a bid to help Palace Lord Jadesun.

At that moment, Palace Lord Jadesun’s body began glowing. His palms were like jade sculptures. All his fighting prowess were in that pair of hands—fist arts, palm arts, claw arts, finger arts... They were undeniably mystical! He withstood three demon monarchs head-on single-handedly. There was Demon Monarch Domineering Roar—who was over a 100-feet tall and had immense strength. He also fought against a demon monarch that used poison and the third Firmament demon monarch, Whitesink.

It was also because he had been going all out. Otherwise, he would’ve long been doomed if he relied on the heavily injured Fairy Meng and Yun Wanhai!

Following the mid-air clash, Palace Lord Jadesun fell to the ground and staggered a few steps back. When he reached Fairy Meng and company, his pale face instantly returned to normal.

“Can you still hold on?” Palace Lord Jadesun looked at Yun Wanhai.

“Now that I’ve used a forbidden Godfiend spell, I can only continue for another ten seconds,” Yun Wanhai said in a low voice. “After that, I will be smashed to death by that Demon Monarch Ape.”

“Palace Lord.” Fairy Meng said immediately, “Yun Wanhai’s injuries are too serious.”

Palace Lord Jadesun knew that too. The enemy’s strength was beyond his expectations. Amongst the four demon monarchs, the second Firmament demon monarchs were all extraordinary, much less the third Firmament Whitesink.

As for their side?

Fairy Meng had hidden injuries, so she could only cast her domain by the side. This was the best way for Fairy Meng to be of use in this battle. Yun Wanhai was able to take some of the heat off him. But when Demon Monarch Ape and Demon Monarch Domineering Roar joined forces, they completely crushed Yun Wanhai. In just a short clash, Yun Wanhai was nearly beaten to death despite using a forbidden Godfiend spell.

Even though he was lucky not to have died, he was still severely injured. He wouldn’t be of much use in the battle.

Palace Lord Jadesun had to face the combined assault of four demon monarchs. This snuffed out any hope.

“The entire Eastcalm Prefecture is under attack, but we have no solution at all,” Yun Wanhai said via voice transmission. “Are we just going to stall for time?”

“I’ve already requested for reinforcements from the Wu State’s State City and Archean Mountain,” Palace Lord Jadesun said via voice transmission. “Right now, we can only hope for some powerful Godfiends that are fairly close to Eastcalm Prefecture to rescue us in time. Otherwise, the entire Eastcalm Prefecture will be reduced to rubble.”

“Strange.” Fairy Meng sent a voice transmission. “Why have the four demon monarchs stopped?”

Yun Wanhai and Palace Lord Jadesun were equally astonished.

The Godfiends had been at a disadvantage the entire battle, and the demon monarchs had the upper hand. Logically speaking, the demon monarchs should be seizing every moment to kill the three Godfiends. Why did they stop?

...

The four demon monarchs had stopped temporarily because something very important had happened.

“Demon Monarch Whitesink.” Demon Monarch Ape, Demon Monarch Domineering Roar, and Demon Monarch Poison Pool looked at the army’s leader, Demon Monarch Whitesink.

“What happened?” asked Domineering Roar with a voice transmission.

Whitesink took out a token from his chest, and his gaze swept around. With a voice transmission, he said, “This token was bestowed to me by the Mountain Lord. It can be used to commandeer the entire army. At the same time, this token can sense the 18 commanders’ tokens. I am certain that 9 of the 18 Commanders have already died.”

“Half of them died?” Amidst the black fog, Poison Pool was extremely shocked.

“That’s impossible.” Ape couldn’t help but say, “These commanders are virtually invincible in the mortal realm. Their opponents are all human mortals. It’s very difficult for them to die in battle. How can half of them die in battle so quickly?”

“The moment the invasion began, I quickly sensed the death of two commanders,” said Whitesink through a voice transmission. “But back then, we had to deal with the three Godfiends from Jadesun Palace. I didn’t want you to be distracted, so I didn’t mention it. But following that, I sensed commanders dying one after another. Just a moment ago, I sensed that in the southeastern and northern regions, three commanders died in quick succession within seconds. Now, we have already lost nine commanders. I have to mention that if this continues, I’m afraid all eighteen commanders will die.”

“How could this be? How did the commanders die to mortals so easily? How did nine commanders get killed so easily?” The other three demon monarchs turned anxious as well.

Ape frowned. “We weren’t in a hurry to finish the battle with the Godfiends in Jadesun Palace because we were confident that the demon army could flatten Eastcalm Prefecture. If it turns out that our demon army is destroyed, what’s the point of us fighting here?”

“There’s only one possibility for nine commanders to be killed.” Whitesink’s eyes were cold as he sent a voice transmission. “There are other Godfiends in Eastcalm Prefecture City. There might even be more than one of them. These Godfiends in hiding are recklessly slaughtering the demons.”

The three demon monarchs agreed. If one demon commander had died, it could be blamed on humans relying on traps and killing a commander through body count.

To have nine die in a short period of time, all they could think of was one possibility—a Godfiend had taken action.

“They don’t dare to help Palace Lord Jadesun fight us. It shows that they aren’t strong enough. They are likely newly advanced Godfiends who have just broken through. They are very young, weak Godfiends,” said Whitesink with a voice transmission. “Demon Monarch Poison Pool, take my token and set off quickly. Head to the demon commanders who are still alive! Once you discover a Godfiend, kill them immediately.”

“Alright, I’ll go over.” The black fog-shrouded Poison Pool stretched out his iridescent green arm and took the token. “If it’s a new Godfiend, I’ll definitely be able to kill them easily.”

Those that were chosen by Mountain Lord Nine Convocation were rather powerful second Firmament demons.

Swoosh.

He rapidly flew southeast with his black fog.

...

Yun Wanhai, Fairy Meng, and Palace Lord Jadesun took the opportunity to consume pills to heal as quickly as possible. However, their expressions changed slightly when they saw a demon monarch shrouded in black fog leaving.

“Why did the demon monarch leave?” Fairy Meng’s heart tightened. She was most worried about the hope of her family—Meng Chuan. But now, she couldn’t afford to think too much. The remaining three demon monarchs were charging over again.

“Kill them.” Demon Monarch Whitesink and the other two were clearly more desperate than before. They were now worried about the demon army. If the demon army was slaughtered and they lost the war, Mountain Lord Nine Convocation would severely punish them.

Boom!

Palace Lord Jadesun once again clashed with them. Only he could resist them! If he couldn’t hold them back, both Fairy Meng and Yun Wanhai—who were seriously injured—would be instantly torn apart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61: Meng Chuan and the Demon Monarch
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the token in hand, Demon Monarch Poison Pool immediately sensed the positions of the other 18 tokens. Nine tokens had become ownerless. Clearly, nine commanders had died.

Oh? Blazing Sun Dao Academy? Poison Pool immediately confirmed one direction. There were two commanders there. One is dead, and Commander Ox is still alive. That newly-advanced, weak Godfiend should still be at Blazing Sun Dao Academy trying to kill Commander Ox. I have to hurry.

Poison Pool knew that the incognito Godfiend would search for new prey once they killed a demon commander. Therefore, only by searching for a live demon commander would he have a chance of finding the incognito Godfiend.

Phew~

Poison Pool transformed into a blur as he moved. Within 100-feet, black fog surrounded him; wherever the black fog touched, corpses would turn into pools of blood. The human experts—who were hidden in areas—were all killed by the fog, their bodies being reduced to nothing but blood.Although Poison Pool didn’t care too much about mortals, he didn’t mind crushing these ants as he passed by.

Laughable humans. Poison Pool glanced at the human mortals he had discovered along the way. If it weren’t for the fact that I had to find that weak Godfiend as soon as possible, I alone would’ve massacred all the humans in this prefecture.

When one’s strength reached a certain level, there was a fundamental difference. Even if a million mortals were to fight Demon Monarch Poison Pool, Demon Monarch Poison Pool wouldn’t suffer any injuries, while all the humans would be killed. In reality, however, mortals would flee in all directions once the situation went south. Regardless of how powerful demon monarchs were, they couldn’t do much. This was where having a colossal demon army shined.

At city passes, humans served in the military to defend against the locust-like demon army. As for the demon monarchs? They were left to Godfiends.

Whoosh.

Poison Pool’s speed was terrifying as he rushed towards Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

...

Blazing Sun Dao Academy.

“Retreat.”

“Let’s retreat.”

The demons suffered a collapse in morale; they were at a disadvantage. This caused many of the demon lieutenant commanders to order a retreat.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! One demon after another jumped down from the windows. The lieutenant commanders fled at top speed.

“Kill them.”

“Kill those demons!” The fighting spirit of the humans inside Blazing Sun Castle surged. Short spears pierced through demon bodies. Ballistae fired bolts, which pierced through several demons like skewers. The humans inside Blazing Sun Castle held onto their advantage and beat the demons back! They chased after the demons.

Demons were intelligent. They could tell that with Commander Wyrm dead, and Commander Ox nearing death, they stood no chance. Even if Commander Ox escaped and survived, the human expert would turn around and kill them. Death wasn’t far.

The situation was destined to be irreversible.

Therefore, it was wiser to escape as quickly as possible while the human expert fought Commander Ox. No matter how powerful the human expert was, he was only one person. How many could the mysterious human expert kill if they all fled in scattered directions?

They can escape, but I can’t. Commander Ox had already cast forbidden spells as he stirred the Heaven and Earth powers, causing waves to form around him.

Commander Ox brandished his trident and tried to block Meng Chuan’s saber beams.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan was extremely fast, but whenever he approached Commander Ox, the churning waves caused his speed to decrease by 30%. The speed of his attacks slowed down drastically. Commander Ox brandished his trident and completely blocked Meng Chuan’s attacks.

My strength is equal to this demon commander’s if I don’t use the Power of the Soul. Meng Chuan secretly shook his head. I can’t afford any further delays. I need to head to the ancestral mansion as soon as possible.

His grandaunt had asked him to protect as many clansmen as possible.

Although the eight Dao Academies were the demons’ primary targets—the government office, the military armory, and the five Godfiend family clans being secondary targets—this still involved the safety of 3,000 Meng family members. As long as there were no Godfiends and demon monarchs, he could still act as a deterrent. He was confident in protecting the family clan. Of course, if the Godfiends lost to the demon monarchs at Jadesun Palace, he would flee immediately as per his grandaunt’s instructions.

Jadesun Palace Lord, Grandaunt, and the others will definitely win. All Meng Chuan could do was hope. Many thoughts surfaced in his mind, but his battle with Commander Ox did not stop. After two failed attacks, Meng Chuan infused the Power of the Soul into his whole body again.

His bones and muscles worked in perfect harmony, and his Quintessential Essence circulation became smoother. When all these different factors were combined, his explosive strength increased drastically. His strength increased to a whole new level.

His speed. Commander Ox’s eyes widened. This human expert had the same terrifying speed back when he killed Commander Wyrm.

Whoosh.

Even though waves obstructed the lightning-clad figure, Meng Chuan was still unbelievably fast. Commander Ox barely had time to react. The trident in his hand had barely moved before a saber beam pierced through his forehead. It penetrated the ox’s head, and his mind instantly sunk into darkness.

Demon Commander Ox was dead. Commander Ox’s massive body fell to the ground, causing dust to rise.

“Commander Ox is also dead!”

“Run!”

“Quickly flee!” The demons—who had already been fleeing—wished they could grow more legs as they ran in different directions.

Meng Chuan’s gaze swept over them. With all of them scattering, he would only kill three to five demons. Chasing after them was not worth his time.

Swoosh.

He rushed into Blazing Sun Castle to check on Qiyue.

“Beautiful.”

“Amazing.”

“Senior Brother Meng, you are the Eldest Senior Brother of all eight Dao Academies!” one of the Blazing Sun Dao Academy disciples shouted excitedly.

“Young Master Meng is too powerful. He killed two demon commanders alone.” The soldiers and retired veterans were similarly impressed. They all talked as they watched Meng Chuan rush towards Blazing Sun Castle. They naturally recognized Young Master Meng—who was famous in Eastcalm Prefecture.

Suddenly, their faces changed. All of them looked into the distance.

Liu Qiyue—who had been leaning weakly against the wall—smiled as she watched Meng Chuan coming over. However, she revealed a look of horror when she saw something behind Meng Chuan.

“Senior Brother Meng, be careful!”

“Young Master Meng, be careful!”

“Ah Chuan, be careful!” Everybody exclaimed.

Meng Chuan hadn’t noticed it in the beginning, but he could sense auras within half a kilometer of his position. When the enemy closed in on him, he immediately sensed a terrifying aura. The aura was strong, far stronger than his grandaunt’s. It was also because his grandaunt was heavily injured and weak.

“Such a terrifying aura.” Meng Chuan immediately turned his head.

Whoosh.

Half of the sky behind him was covered by a black fog. When the terrifying existence was about half a kilometer away, the black fog covered a thousand feet, and it was less than a thousand feet away from him.

Whoosh.

The terrifying existence moved at astonishing speeds, far faster than Meng Chuan.

The black fog that blotted out half the sky appeared in front of Meng Chuan in a blink of an eye. Meng Chuan’s 100-feet perception also perceived countless tiny black snakes—that were the size of dust particles—in the black fog. The large number of corpses that lay along the route to Blazing Yang Dao Academy rapidly turned into pools of blood wherever the fog passed. At that moment, the black fog formed by countless black snakes inundated Meng Chuan.

“The person who killed two commanders is actually a mortal! What a surprise.” A hoarse and cold voice came from deep within the black fog.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62: How Could He Be Satisfied?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It’s a demon monarch. Meng Chuan’s heart tightened. A demon monarch is comparable to a Godfiend.

A black fog enveloped the entire area.

At this moment, he only had two options. The first was to flee. After all, Demon Monarch Poison Pool was still a thousand feet away. By making use of this distance, he would be able to increase his chances of survival. The second was to be devoured by the black fog.

I want to see how powerful a demon monarch is. Meng Chuan did not choose to flee. Blazing Sun Castle was ahead of him. If the black fog were to pass by Blazing Sun Castle, countless people would die. Those hiding deep in the tunnels might be able to escape such a fate, but Qiyue and the rest—who hadn’t hidden—would be reduced to pools of blood.

He didn’t hesitate to fuse the Power of the Soul with his body. This was his first time fighting a demon monarch. Under the threat of death, he tried to control every ounce of strength in his body. The Power of the Soul worked with him as he excavated his potential. He instantly transformed into lightning.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan charged into the black fog as a lightning bolt. He moved at unprecedented speeds. He was even faster than when he killed the three demon commanders! The pressure brought by the demon monarch was too immense.

“Eh?” Poison Pool was charging at his fastest speed but Meng Chuan wasn’t fleeing. Meng Chuan took the initiative to rush at him, causing the thousand-feet gap between them to vanish instantly.

What incredible speed! Poison Pool was alarmed.

What a terrifying poisonous fog. After rushing into the black fog, Meng Chuan sensed his protective Quintessential Essence rapidly corroding. Fortunately, his Quintessential Essence was ten times more dense—due to the Power of the Soul merging with his body—raising his resistance duration significantly. My protective Quintessential Essence will only last a few seconds before it is completely corroded. I have to be fast.

Meng Chuan instantly arrived in front of Poison Pool.

The black fog around Poison Pool’s body grew thicker, but Meng Chuan’s hundred-foot sensory domain allowed Meng Chuan to “see” his opponent. Poison Pool was a humanoid snake demon with iridescent green skin. He wielded a spear, and his gray eyes stared coldly at him.

“Kill!” Meng Chuan’s killing intent soared. The moment he closed in, a saber beam flashed.

Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance!

The saber beam slashed at the demon monarch.

So what if he’s a demon monarch? He’s just a special life form, one that can still be killed! He believed he had the strength of a quasi-Godfiend since he was at the Core Condensation Realm and had a more robust foundation than his peers With the explosive strength granted by fusing the Power of the Soul, it wasn’t impossible for him to be a threat to a demon monarch.

Chi! Chi! Chi! He struck out with his saber, slicing through the black fog around Poison Pool. The protective black fog was incomparably tough, and his strikes were greatly weakened. He had merely cleaved through a single inch of black fog before stopping.

A maximum-power strike only cut through an inch of black fog? The demon monarch’s protective black fog is about ten feet thick.

The results made Meng Chuan disheartened. The difference in strength was too great. Just too great!

Poison Pool wore a faint smile as he watched this scene. He didn’t even bother blocking the strike. He allowed Meng Chuan to slash at the black fog freely, happy to watch the mortal genius despair.

Flee! After failing his attack, Meng Chuan instantly used a forbidden Godfiend spell. Powerful Quintessential Essence erupted from his acupuncture points, and his muscles and bones began releasing powers that exceeded his limits. Fused with the Power of the Soul, he transformed into a bolt of lightning and shot off into the distance with high speed.

Poison Pool was somewhat astonished. He quickly recovered from his astonishment, and speedily chased after him.

...

“That’s a very terrifying demon monarch.” Inside Blazing Sun Castle, Dean Zhong and many other experienced veteran soldiers guessed that the source of the terrifying black fog was a demon monarch.

“We’re finished.”

“Hurry up and flee! Split up and flee!” one of the veteran soldiers shouted anxiously.

The subsequent developments stunned them.

Meng Chuan had transformed into lightning and charged into the black fog. It wasn’t soon before Meng Chuan exited the black fog and quickly fled into the distance.

The black fog quickly shrank and covered a hundred-foot distance. Within the black fog, one could vaguely see a thirty-foot tall demon monarch chasing after Meng Chuan.

The two began a game of cat-and-mouse and quickly disappeared into the distance.

“Young Master Meng fled in another direction to save us. He lured that demon monarch away.” Dean Zhong’s expression didn’t look good.

“He did it to save us.” Many veteran soldiers and Dao Academy disciples fell silent.

“Perhaps to the entire Eastcalm Prefecture, to the entire human race, Young Master Meng is more important than our thousands of lives,” said a one-armed elder.

Everyone else was silent. Some were willing to sacrifice their lives for Meng Chuan’s life! However, most people wanted to live.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue watched from afar. She could no longer see him, but she still looked in the direction he had fled in with tears in her eyes.

...

After Meng Chuan charged out of the black fog, he immediately stopped using the Power of the Soul. He had a tiny portion remaining.

Flee. As he used his forbidden Godfiend spell, his skin turned slightly red. He fled as a streak of lightning.

“What move did you use just now? How did your strength increase so much?” Poison Pool retracted his black fog and maintained it to cover a hundred-foot radius. Previously, the black fog covered a thousand-feet radius so he could capture Meng Chuan. But to his surprise, Meng Chuan’s speed was truly astonishing. His speed was greater than a second Firmament demon monarch like him. “Your speed gave me a fright. Unfortunately, your saber art is too weak. Furthermore, you’ve slowed down.”

Meng Chuan also understood the difference between them. A demon monarch was strong in all aspects. He was ultimately a mortal. He lacked in many aspects. He could be considered impressive among mortals, but he was too inferior to Godfiends and demon monarchs.

“You won’t be able to escape.” Poison Pool waved his hand, and a stream of light shot out from his finger. It was incomparably sharp, and its might was far greater than Meng Chuan’s Power of the Soul-infused Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance.

Boom!

Meng Chuan sensed the strong spherical aura shooting over and avoided it.

The stream of light tore through a huge tree beside him, and a huge hole appeared on the tree trunk. The beam flew hundreds of feet further before striking a rockery—which ultimately led to an explosion.

Just a casual finger point is terrifying. Is this what a demon monarch is capable of? Meng Chuan gained a deeper understanding of their differences in strength. To think that he had dared to attack his opponent. The ignorant were truly fearless!

He actually managed to dodge it? Poison Pool chased after him and casually pointed at Meng Chuan. Several light beams shot out.

Every light beam left a pitch-black hole in the ground or pierced through many residential walls. The power of these strikes left Meng Chuan’s heart trembling.

Fortunately, they were nearly 1000 feet apart. Although Meng Chuan was fleeing with all his might, he could still sense the light beams coming at him without looking back. This meant he could preemptively dodge.

“Humph.” Poison Pool’s five fingers simultaneously shot light beams. He no longer cared about conserving his demonic energy. However, Meng Chuan was extremely slippery. It was as though he had eyes on the back of his head that allowed him to dodge ahead of time.

He’s a mortal and easily killed a demon commander. He was even faster than me, a second Firmament demon monarch. Although he is very weak in other aspects, he is ultimately a mortal.... To be this powerful, he must be a peerless genius. Such a peerless genius has a high bounty. Poison Pool grew very interested in Meng Chuan.

Although Godfiends were powerful, the threat that newly-advanced Godfiends posed to demon monarchs was negligible.

On the contrary, peerless mortal geniuses had terrifying potential. After becoming Godfiends, they also had chances of becoming a terrifying Godfiend expert. Thus, if one could be considered a peerless genius, the demons would place a massive bounty on their heads.

In the eyes of Poison Pool, the young man before him was worth a huge bounty.

I’m not fast enough. Oh, forget it. For the sake of a genius, using a forbidden spell occasionally is fine. A forbidden spell’s influence was limited if used for a short period. With a thought, Poison Pool’s demonic powers raged.

Meng Chuan sensed the demon monarch’s aura go berserk suddenly. Poison Pool’s speed increased, and he rapidly shortened the distance between them.

Not good. Meng Chuan became even more anxious. The distance between them was rapidly decreasing. 800 feet, 600 feet, 400 feet... The distance between them shortened extremely quickly.

Swish. Although Meng Chuan was very fast when he used a forbidden Godfiend spell—allowing him to pass by many residences, ruins, and rivers—the demon monarch behind him was clearly faster than him after using a forbidden spell.

Power of the Soul!

He used the remnants of his Power of the Soul, boosting his speed.

Meng Chuan’s speed increased as he tried to widen the gap between them., but he quickly exhausted his Power of the Soul. The distance between them was 600 feet. The gap continued to shrink.

What do I do? What do I do? Meng Chuan frantically fled. He didn’t want to die. He was the Meng family’s hope, and he had not completed the oath he had made at his mother’s grave. He wanted to become a Godfiend! He hadn’t even killed a demon monarch! After so many years of cultivation, he had many ambitions. How could he be satisfied just dying like that?

Flee! The desperate thought flashed through his mind, causing his body to fuse with his Quintessential Essence even further. After this, his speed increased by 20%.

Legends mentioned that the physical body possessed tremendous potential. The strength one usually unleashed in battle was just the tip of the iceberg of the physical body’s potential. If an incomparably powerful Godfiend were to control a body, the power they could unleash would be several-fold greater than a mortal.

However, Meng Chuan reached his limit after raising his speed by 20%.

300 feet, 200 feet...

As the gap closed, Meng Chuan could sense the aura behind him getting closer and closer.

Am I going to die here? To the hands of a demon monarch? Meng Chuan was filled with grief and indignation, but there was nothing he could do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63: Father is Here
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Even though he was in a dire situation, Meng Chuan didn’t give up. He did his best to advance, moving towards a narrow and remote area. Demon Monarch Poison Pool had a massive 30-foot tall body, so Meng Chuan hoped that these narrow spaces would be able to affect him a little.

Whoosh.

However, Poison Pool was like a gust of wind. He stepped on the roof tiles and tree branches and rapidly pursued him. He was getting closer and closer until the gap between them was only 100 feet.

Meng Chuan could “see” the other party’s iridescent green skin and his excited gray eyes.

How do I escape? Where do I go? Meng Chuan despaired.

Boom!

Suddenly—within a half a kilometer of Meng Chuan—a terrifying aura pierced through the sky from the north. It was so fast that even Meng Chuan could only vaguely make it out. It was a short lance with a blood-colored aura. The spear tore through the air, causing the air to explode around it. In a blink of an eye, it traversed half a kilometer and headed straight for Demon Monarch Poison Pool.

“Oh?” Poison Pool was alarmed. The terrifying short lance made him feel threatened. Not confident of his protective black fog being able to block it, he waved his long spear.

Clang!

He blocked the short lance.

“You are tempting fate, Demon Monarch!” An angry bellow rang out through the heavens like a thunder god roaring! A figure—whose entire body was surrounded by a sanguine aura—rushed over as a second short lance was thrown.

Boom! Boom!

One short lance after another shot out as the figure’s killing intent raged. Poison Pool blocked the attacks, giving Meng Chuan an opportunity to escape.

That is? Meng Chuan dazedly stared at the figure charging towards the demon monarch. The figure’s aura was very powerful, but fundamentally, it was identical to his father’s aura. However, it was dozens-fold more violent; the killing intent reached a terrifying level.

The same aura signature as his father... Meng Chuan vaguely saw the person within the sanguine aura. It was his father—who was 15 kilograms lighter. He was no longer fat, but rather muscular.

Ever since he was six years old, his father had slowly gained weight. He recognized his father at a glance.

Is that Father? Meng Chuan was a little confused.

Was he the same chubby father who laughed jovially every day? Was he the same father who had taught him saber arts since he was young, but had lost to him in every duel ever since he reached the Seamless realm?

He had always believed that his father was only a Seamless realm expert—who had comprehended Force—that hadn’t succeeded in condensing a core.

No...

His grandaunt had used the entire family’s savings to exchange for a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. As for his father, he had produced two treasures—the Iceheart Fruit and Astral Spirit Herb. Back then, he had realized that his father had a great secret, but he had never imagined that his father would be a Godfiend.

“Haha, there really was a Godfiend in hiding.” Poison Pool laughed hoarsely. “You are actually a Body Tempering Godfiend. The Body Tempering Godfiend lineage of you humans is extremely crude and incomplete. The Great Solar realm is the pinnacle, isn’t it?”

“It’s more than enough to kill you.” Meng Dajiang’s killing intent surged as he drew his saber and instantly slashed at Poison Pool.

“Do you think you—a newly advanced Godfiend—has what it takes?” Poison Pool snickered. Two black serpents formed from the black fog instantly swirled towards Meng Dajiang.

Whenever the black fog serpents wrapped around Meng Dajiang, they were weakened by 90% due to the sanguine aura. The other effects it had on Meng Dajiang’s body were miniscule. Body Tempering Godfiends didn’t cultivate their Quintessential Essence and focused on their bodies. It was easy for them to resist the tiny portion of poisonous gas.

A Body Tempering Godfiend is quite special. Venomous Pool frowned slightly as he charged forward with his spear. With a wave of his spear, he caused some of the nearby buildings to collapse. The terrifying spear stabbed straight at Meng Dajiang.

“Demon monarch, die.” Meng Dajiang’s eyes were bloodshot. He had long used a forbidden Godfiend spell, and he was in a state of madness. His saber beam flew towards Poison Pool.

Almost... He had almost lost his son to this demon monarch!

When the demons invaded, he and Liu Yebai had gone to the city’s northern region to check out available missions. When they suddenly heard the Jadesun Palace’s alarm, they were shocked and immediately split up.

Liu Yebai proceeded in one direction—the Blazing Sun Dao Academy, and he would pass by other Dao Academies and family clans.

Meng Dajiang went another direction. He passed by the Meng family ancestral mansion and Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Wherever the two went, they would kill the demon commanders they met! However, both of them were newly-advanced Godfiends. Without using forbidden spells, their speed was only on par with Meng Chuan’s. As for Meng Chuan, he had rushed to Blazing Sun Dao Academy immediately, so he was faster than Liu Yebai.

Later on, Meng Chuan was pursued by Poison Pool. This pursuit brought them several kilometers away in a blink of an eye. The commotion they had produced was quite loud, and it caught Meng Dajiang’s attention.

He cast a forbidden spell and threw his short lance from far away to save his son.

Finally, he saved his son!

However, the fact that his son was almost killed filled Meng Dajiang with rage. He madly swung his saber down with all his might, forming a wave of saber beams.

“You dare fight me? You truly have a death wish.” Poison Pool had the confidence to face a newly-promoted Godfiend and struck out with his spear.

A newly-advanced Body Tempering Godfiend and a second Firmament demon monarch clashed head-on.

Boom!

It was as if the world was collapsing.

Meng Chuan stopped his forbidden Godfiend spell and stood far away. Although his body ached and his meridians were in pain, he still watched the fight nervously. His father and the demon monarch were engaged in battle. Every time the two clashed, the collision’s aftershock was terrifying. Any of his father’s strikes were far more powerful than his Lightning Ultimate Saber Drawing Stance. In the blink of an eye, his father had formed 100 saber beams as he furiously swung his saber.

His father also cultivated the swift saber. Meng Chuan’s talent in the swift saber might have been inherited from his father. It was just that people said that the fastest saber user in Eastcalm Prefecture was the dean of Mirror Lake Dao Academy, Ge Yu. But now, even Meng Chuan had surpassed him.

However, after seeing his father’s swift saber today, he realized how scary his father was. This was a true Godfiend. Godfiends were powerful in all aspects. His speed and strength were incredibly high, and his endurance in battle was terrifying. And his father was only a newly-advanced Godfiend.

...

A blurry figure came to Blazing Sun Dao Academy. It was Liu Yebai.

Qiyue. The color in Liu Yebai’s face drained when he saw the blood and corpses strewn all over the Dao Academy. Am I too late?

He rushed towards Blazing Sun Castle.

Swoosh.

He quickly entered Blazing Sun Castle through a window.

“You are?” A soldier—who was resting by the window—was bandaging his companion’s wound. He was shocked to see a man in black appear.

“Qiyue.” Liu Yebai immediately saw the pale Liu Qiyue leaning against a wall. He rushed over excitedly. Many people in the castle were resting or recuperating. All of them saw Liu Yebai rushing over.

“Dad?” Liu Qiyue shouted in surprise.

“Brother Liu.” Dean Zhong nodded. Many of them knew Liu Yebai. After all, he was an expert who had comprehended Force. He had high standing amongst Eastcalm Prefecture’s mortals.

Liu Yebai held his daughter’s hand and carefully inspected her. He frowned and said, “You used a forbidden Godfiend spell? You have to rest for the next month. Don’t use your Quintessential Energy or practice archery at all.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

“Brother Liu,” said Dean Zhong immediately. “Just now, your daughter—Liu Qiyue—awakened the Phoenix Divine Body bloodline during the demons’ invasion.”

“Phoenix Divine Body bloodline?” Liu Yebai was taken aback. He was both surprised and conflicted.

“Dad, Dad,” Liu Qiyue said anxiously. “Ah Chuan saved Blazing Sun Dao Academy just now. However, a demon monarch that emitted black fog came for us. Ah Chuan lured the demon monarch away. We have to think of a way to save Ah Chuan.”

“A demon monarch is chasing after Meng Chuan?” Liu Yebai’s expression changed. “Which direction did they go?”

“In that direction.” Liu Qiyue pointed outside.

“Remember, release the distress flare immediately if you encounter danger,” said Liu Yebai seriously before rushing out the window.

“Dad, that’s a demon monarch. Don’t be rash.” Liu Qiyue panicked as well.

“Don’t worry. Father doesn’t plan on dying.” Liu Yebai’s voice rang in his daughter’s ears. He was already rapidly flying away.

...

Boom!

Meng Dajiang flew backward and crashed into a destroyed restaurant. Blood trickled down the corner of his lips.

“As expected of a Body Tempering Godfiend. Your body is strong. You can even withstand my blows after all this time.” Poison Pool laughed coldly, but in his heart, he felt rather bitter.

He wanted to kill this new Godfiend in one go, which was why he had been maintaining his forbidden spell. He had used it for fifteen seconds, which was considered quite long. If he continued, the damage would worsen.

However, this newly-advanced, Godfiend was a Body Tempering Godfiend. They were known for their exceptionally strong vitality. Killing a Body Tempering Godfiend was even more difficult than killing three ordinary Godfiends. However, the path of one was destined to be bleak. The Body Tempering system stopped out at the Great Solar realm.

“Oh?” Poison Pool’s expression suddenly changed as he looked into the distance.

A terrifying aura came bursting over. It was the phantom-like Liu Yebai.

“You’re finally here.” Meng Dajiang laughed loudly. “Quick, join forces with me to kill this demon monarch.”

“Hahaha, to think you need my help.” Liu Yebai laughed loudly as he instantly unsheathed his sword and leaped at Poison Pool. “Let’s kill this demon monarch together!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64: News from the Ancestral Mansion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“What gave you the guts to fight me?” Demon Monarch Poison Pool was enraged. He was a second Firmament demon monarch after all! Yet, these two newly-advanced Godfiends wanted to join forces to kill him? What a joke.

The furious Poison Pool’s black poisonous fog expanded rapidly, quickly covering a thousand-foot area.

Poison? A different black fog also began to surround Liu Yebai’s body. It quickly spread out, forcing the Poison Pool’s poisonous fog to recede.

A domain? Poison Pool was alarmed. Some Godfiends specialized in domains, and Fairy Meng from the Meng family happened to be one of the best. His poisonous fog was completely suppressed. He had encountered another expert who was adept at domains.

Liu Yebai’s domain seemed to sink Poison Pool into a swamp.

“Kill!”

“Kill!”

Meng Dajiang charged head-on while Liu Yebai attacked from the flanks with his sword.

I can kill both of you in a head-on battle. Poison Pool brandished his spear and attacked with immense strength. However, Meng Dajiang used his saber art to take the hits head-on. Liu Yebai’s unpredictable movement allowed him to carry out sneak attacks. Within the black fog domain, seven Liu Yebais appeared. Each Liu Yebai attacked silently before retreating into the black fog and disappearing.

“Scram!”

Poison Pool swung his spear in a sweeping motion and struck one of the Liu Yebais. The Liu Yebai collapsed into the black fog and dissipated. Clearly, it wasn’t his real body.

Boom! Meng Dajiang swung his saber, and Poison Pool hurriedly blocked it.

Swish! Another Liu Yebai shot out from the black fog and stabbed Poison Pool’s back with lightning speed.

However, the ten-foot-thick, black fog around Poison Pool was extremely tough. Liu Yebai barely managed to penetrate the black fog—leaving only a small wound on Poison Pool—before his attack lost all momentum. Liu Yebai’s pupils constricted as he immediately retreated.

...

In one of the residential ruins in Eastcalm City, two Godfiends engaged in a battle against Demon Monarch Poison Pool. Their strength left Meng Chuan gasping in amazement, and he quickly realized the difference in strength between himself and the two Godfiends.

Mortal to Godfiend...

It was a leap in strength, and the gap was astonishing.

According to what the demon monarch said, Father is a Body Tempering Godfiend? He is able to face the demon monarch head-on, while Uncle Liu is more slippery and crafty. He keeps ambushing him, never attacking head-on. They have great teamwork, probably a result after countless battles together. Meng Chuan watched the duo’s seamless cooperation. One charged and attacked head-on, while the other dealt sinister ambushes.

Poison Pool was blocked by Meng Dajian every time he tried to go after Liu Yebai. Poison Pool quickly suffered dozens of blows as the battle progressed. The two Godfiends were extremely powerful, causing him to be injured badly.

Twelve out of eighteen commanders have died. Ever since the two Godfiends started fighting me, no other commanders have been killed. It seems that the incognito Godfiends were these two. It’s obvious they reached the Core Cloud realm recently, making them comparable to first Firmament demon monarchs. However, they have rich combat experience and excellent teamwork. I can’t gain the upper hand if they are working together. Although the Body Tempering Godfiend is quite injured, my injuries aren’t much better either. I’ve been maintaining the forbidden spell for quite some time. If I give up now, I’ll have to recuperate for months when I’m back at the fief. If I continue using the forbidden spell, I might damage my foundation.

Poison Pool didn’t want to risk his life. He had been maintaining his forbidden spell for far too long! He had been using a forbidden spell since he had started chasing Meng Chuan...

He couldn’t kill or wear down the Body Tempering Godfiend expert, and there was still the sinister Godfiend—who could continuously ambush him thanks to his skill in domains. Poison Pool felt extremely miserable.

I think the only plan is to kill the three powerful Godfiends at Jadesun Palace first. After that, I’ll lead the demons with Whitesink, Ape, and Domineering Roar, and annihilate Eastcalm Prefecture’s humans. Poison Pool did not hesitate as he turned around and fled.

Swoosh.

With the use of a forbidden spell, Poison Pool was extremely fast—even faster than when Meng Chuan went all out. He was faster than both Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai.

He didn’t flee in Meng Chuan’s direction, so Liu Yebai and Meng Dajiang didn’t stop him or pursue him.

“That second Firmament demon monarch is truly powerful.” Only then did Liu Yebai stop his forbidden Godfiend spell. He couldn’t help but sigh in amazement. “The two of us were going all out, but we barely came to a draw. He probably doesn’t know that you’ll be out of the fight once all that meat on you is expended.”

Meng Dajiang had already lost more than five kilograms since he had appeared to rescue Meng Chuan. He said, “Humph, this demon monarch had cast a forbidden spell for too long. If we had continued fighting, I would’ve only lost mass, while he would’ve damaged his foundation.”

Whoosh.

From afar, Meng Chuan rushed over.

Liu Yebai’s body was shrouded in black fog, and his face was obscured from view. “You have to keep our identities a secret.” After sending a voice transmission, he immediately phased away and left the father-and-son duo alone.

“Mmm?” Meng Chuan saw Liu Yebai quickly leaving after he arrived and was stunned.

Whoosh. Meng Dajiang came to his son’s side. Meng Dajiang’s body was covered in the sanguine aura; his face was faintly discernible underneath the aura.

“Dad.”

“I knew it,” said Meng Dajiang as he nodded. “You can sense aura within half a kilometer. Uncle Liu and I cannot escape your detection.”

The power that Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai had used was different from usual. Normally, they would only use physical strength and Quintessential Energy.

But just now, Meng Dajiang had used a special sanguine aura. Liu Yebai had used a domain technique. Even people who knew him wouldn’t be able to recognize the sanguine aura and domain technique due to their concealment.

However, Meng Chuan’s “sense” could detect not only Quintessential Essence and demonic energy, but also aura signatures. No matter how much one tried to disguise themselves, their aura signature would never change.

“Uncle Liu and I hide our strength due to special reasons,” said Meng Dajiang. “You have to keep it a secret for us.”

“Understood.” Meng Chuan nodded.

They were Godfiends, but they had hidden their true identities and lived in Eastcalm Prefecture. They definitely had their secrets. Since his father and Uncle Liu weren’t willing to explain, probing further would be meaningless.

“Let’s go. Follow me to Mirror Lake Dao Academy,” said Meng Dajiang. “From now on, you have to stay by my side constantly.”

“Yes, Dad,” replied Meng Chuan.

“Don’t call me dad in public, or you’ll expose my identity,” said Meng Dajiang with a smile.

Meng Chuan nodded immediately. “I understand.”

With his father—a Godfiend—around, he felt more at ease.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Enveloped by the sanguine aura, Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan rushed towards the Dao Academy—their speeds equal.

“Uncle Liu and I have our own matters. When we discovered the demons invading, we separated. He headed for Blazing Sun Dao Academy, and I headed to the ancestral mansion and Mirror Lake Meng Manor. We would kill demon commanders along the way,” said Meng Dajiang via voice transmission. “Thankfully, you created a huge commotion while escaping the demon monarch. I finally found you and managed to save you from that perilous situation.”

“If you had been any slower, I might have really died.” Meng Chuan was also feeling a little scared.

“Who would have thought that the demons would invade?” Meng Dajiang shook his head.

“Dad, how’s the ancestral mansion?” asked Meng Chuan.

Meng Dajiang said, “Our Meng family is one of the five Godfiend family clans. Our luck wasn’t that good. A demon army attacked the ancestral mansion. By the time I arrived, there were already casualties... Four Elders died. By the way, Third Elder is also dead.”

“Third Elder?” Meng Chuan was taken aback.

The bald, thin Third Elder had left a deep impression on him. He was fierce to the juniors and was cold and old-fashioned. If anyone dared to disobey him, he would lash out with his walking stick. It left quite the trauma on Meng Chuan when he was young.

However, after he figured out the secret technique, Third Elder had given him a remnant page of a Godfiend legacy. He insisted that he kept it.

“Third Elder is very strong,” Meng Chuan murmured.

“That’s right. He’s one of the strongest in the entire family clan. If he were careful, he would’ve survived. However, he was being himself. He led the charge and defended the young ones. In the end, a demon’s tentacle pierced through his chest and killed him,” said Meng Dajiang via voice transmission. He was in a bad mood. After all, they were his elders.

Meng Dajiang glanced at his son and said with a voice transmission, “Don’t think about it too much. Third Elder did so willingly. I know his temper, and he will definitely be very pleased that he managed to protect so many young people. If you can enter Archean Mountain and become a Godfiend, Third Elder will probably laugh out loud in his grave.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65: Yan Jin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Dad, are you hiding the fact you are a Godfiend from Grandaunt?” asked Meng Chuan.

His grandaunt yearned for a Godfiend to appear in the clan.

“Chuan’er, I became a Godfiend for special reasons.” Meng Dajiang ultimately revealed some secrets to his son. “First of all, this matter has to be kept a secret. I can’t openly help the clan. Secondly, I’m too weak as a Godfiend. In fact, all Body Tempering Godfiends are very weak.”

“Very weak?” Meng Chuan was puzzled.

“Eight hundred years ago, when the demons first invaded,” Meng Dajiang said via voice transmission, “the human Godfiends, and demon monarchs fought numerous major battles. The Godfiends discovered that amongst the demons, some of them were extremely talented and had terrifyingly mighty bodies. Thus, the top-tier Godfiends began to ponder on how to strengthen their bodies. Thus, they established the body-tempering lineage.”

“As it was unprecedented and due to their lack of experience, the third firmament’s Great Solar realm is the theoretical limit for the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage,” said Meng Dajiang. “To reach this limit, you need a large number of natural treasures to nourish the body. It’s too extravagant and wasteful.”

“It’s too wasteful, and it doesn’t have a promising future. Due to the incomplete cultivation formulas, it also makes cultivation a lot more difficult,” said Meng Dajiang through voice transmission. “This is a failed path. Perhaps this path might be perfected thousands of years from now, but currently, it’s far from complete.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. It’s no wonder he had never heard of it before.

“Those that can enter Archean Mountain are all geniuses. Their first goal is to reach the Great Solar realm,” said Meng Dajiang. “Their first goal is already the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage’s theoretical limit, so you can tell how weak we are. For example, King Calm Sea is a famous Godfiend. He could probably kill a Great Solar Godfiend with a single glance. Becoming an expert like King Calm Sea is the goal of every Godfiend from Archean Mountain. It’s also something you should pursue.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

King Calm Sea... He had been guarding Calm Sea Pass all this time! Previously, his grandaunt was also under his command. Even his grandaunt had said that King Calm Sea’s strength was in no way inferior to the famous Godfiend of old, Deng Feng. Now, his father was claiming that he could kill a Great Solar realm Godfiend with just a glance?

“Dad, can the Godfiends at Jadesun Palace obtain victory?” Meng Chuan asked.

“I don’t know.” Meng Dajiang shook his head. “If Jadesun Palace wins, then it spells victory for Eastcalm Prefecture. If they lose, Eastcalm Prefecture will be reduced to a scorched land. Your Uncle Liu and I... can’t stop the scourge at all.”

“Let’s hope they win.” Meng Chuan wouldn’t believe they’d be defeated.

Meng Dajiang looked at his son. There was something he hadn’t said. Since the demons had sent Demon Monarch Poison Pool to sweep the area, it meant that the demons definitely had the upper hand.

...

That was indeed the case.

Jadesun Palace.

The black-furred ape raised his pole and transformed into a black beam, attacking Fairy Meng.

Behind Fairy Meng was the extremely weak Yun Wanhai—whose bones were broken and fractured. He no longer had any combat strength left.

“Scram!” Fairy Meng shouted. Immediately, illusory palms struck at the black-furred ape, but they were all shattered by its pole.

Clang!

Fairy Meng’s walking stick collided with the pole. The force of the strike that split apart her many illusory palms had greatly reduced. When it faced Fairy Meng’s walking stick again, the black-furred ape was sent tumbling backward.

Cough. Fairy Meng’s face flushed as blood trickled down the corner of her mouth.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! The raging Jadesun Palace Lord punched out dozens of times in a frenzy. Every punch was dazzling to the eye. Finally, he managed to push the towering Demon Monarch Domineering Roar and thorny Demon Monarch Whitesink back. He immediately retreated to Fairy Meng.

“Fairy, how is it?” Jadesun Palace Lord was somewhat worried. “That ape is too fast. I wasn’t able to stop him.”

Among the demon monarchs, Domineering Roar had the greatest strength while Ape had the highest agility and speed; Ape was as fast as Meng Chuan. A true battle depended on a multitude of factors. Third Firmament Demon Monarch Whitesink was clearly the strongest. He was the only one who could hold back Jadesun Palace Lord head-on.

“I can still withstand about three more strikes,” said Fairy Meng via voice transmission. “However, after those three strikes. I’ll be done.”

“If you collapse, I won’t be able to stop them either,” Jadesun Palace Lord said bitterly.

With Fairy Meng’s domain helping him, he was like a tiger with wings, and his strength was boosted slightly. The domain also suppressed their opponents, weakening them slightly. This was the only reason why he had been able to endure his opponents’ attacks.

If not for Fairy Meng, he could only run for his life. Escape might not even be possible!

“Demon Monarch Ape, follow this method! We will win once Fairy Meng is killed,” ordered Whitesink through voice transmission. “Go.”

“Haha, kill.” Domineering Roar was extremely valiant.

The three demon monarchs joined forces to attack again.

Jadesun Palace Lord had no choice but to defend. In truth, although Demon Monarch Poison was gone, he was the weakest out of the four demon monarchs. The poisonous fog was completely suppressed by the domain. As for close combat? Poison Pool’s close combat ability was considered average. Compared to the fast Demon Monarch Ape and the extremely powerful Demon Monarch Domineering Roar, he was too inferior.

Both sides clashed again. Whitesink and Domineering Roar held back Jadesun Palace Lord while Ape moved to attack Fairy Meng once again.

“Don’t even think about leaving.” Jadesun Palace Lord punched out and light—in the shape of a fist—flew towards Ape.

He had to think of a way to hold back three people. He couldn’t let any of them attack Fairy Meng. But it was clearly too difficult.

It was especially difficult to pin the agile black-furred ape down.

Ape flashed a few times in the form of a black beam, escaping Jadesun’s interference in mere seconds and arrived in front of Fairy Meng. Fairy Meng had no choice but to resist. Her injuries worsened every time she engaged in close combat.

“Fairy, I never expected that the two of us would die together,” said Yun Wanhai with a weak chuckle.

“Shut your foul mouth. We aren’t dead yet!” Fairy Meng was also trying her best to hold on.

However, Fairy Meng also knew that they were in a perilous situation.

...

Poison Pool rushed towards Jadesun Palace.

Along the way, he encountered battles between humans and demons. These battles occurred throughout the city.

There was a battle ahead of Poison Pool. The three humans had great teamwork. Two of them were defending against the demons while the third—an archer—kept shooting arrows. Although he wasn’t at the level of a sharpshooter, he was strong and accurate enough. His arrows had powerful might. As his companions engaged in close combat with the demons, he shot out an arrow that penetrated a demon’s head.

“Well done.”

“Let’s kill the next one.” The three experts at the Mortal Shedding realm were veterans and had excellent teamwork. They had killed more than ten demons consecutively.

Whoosh~

A black fog quickly flew over from afar. When he passed through the area, he sent out his black fog, which swept past the three veterans. The three veterans stared at the fog with wide eyes, filled with indignation. They immediately became pools of blood due to the black fog.

Poison Pool thought nothing of it. He was just killing a few humans while returning to Jadesun Palace.

Moments later, when Poison Pool flew past a river, he saw a battle in the distance.

A white-robed youth held two swords as he engaged in battle with a group of demons. There were many demon corpses around him.

Whoosh. Frost permeated the surroundings, causing the demons to slow down.

As he brandished his two swords, he constantly killed demons. No matter how the demons defended against the attacks, they were killed.

Pfft.

Even a tiger demon lieutenant commander was slain as well.

What a powerful human. Although he can’t match up to that young man with a saber, he has the strength of a demon commander. Poison Pool was secretly alarmed. Unfortunately, with his strength, he isn’t worth any bounty.

There were plenty of geniuses among the humans who could match a demon commander. Although he was impressive, he wouldn’t garner too much attention from the demons.

In ancient Godfiend family clans of places like the Zhou Dynasty Capital, if one were talented enough, they would be nurtured extensively. Their Godfiend foundations would be very robust and deep. In the mortal realm, they could match demon commanders. However, such geniuses wouldn’t join the military when they were mortals. Instead, they would enter Archean Mountain and become powerful Godfiends before fighting the demons.

To have these geniuses serve the military and fight on the meat grinder-like battlefield would be irresponsible of the human race.

Killing a genius isn’t too bad either. Poison Pool flew towards the white-robed youth.

“Mmm?” The white-robed young man was none other than Yan Jin.

Jadesun Palace had sent away everyone before the battle between the Godfiends and demon monarchs started. After all, mortals would be affected if they remained.

Yan Jin had also left. He had killed many demons along the way.

Demon monarch? Yan Jin shuddered when he saw the blurry figure in the black fog rapidly approaching him.

After the battle at Idle Stone Garden, although his family clan had sent more powerful guards over, they were only Core Condensation realm experts.

Ever since Yan Jin reached the Seamless realm, his strength was no less than his guards’, so the guard had left silently. After all, an expert at the Core Condensation realm had many things to do.

Why would I encounter a demon monarch? Shouldn’t the demon monarchs be battling against the Godfiends at Jadesun Palace? Yan Jin’s expression changed drastically. He did not hesitate to turn and flee. He did not have the confidence to resist at all.

“Little guy, do you think you can escape?” Poison Pool was very fast as he chased Yan Jin. The black fog quickly covered the area.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66: The Sword of King Calm Sea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yan Jin’s speed was far inferior to Meng Chuan’s, so he naturally couldn’t compare to Demon Monarch Poison Pool.

The black fog quickly closed in.

I won’t be able to escape. Jue Yan had many thoughts in an instant.

His dead mother...

His cold father...

The grievances and indignation in his heart that had tormented him all these years.

Whoosh. The thick black fog spread out, drowning Yan Jin.

So be it! Yan Jin closed his eyes, calmly accepting death.

...

Human genius? Hahaha, I can easily crush you to death. Poison Pool happily flew forward, just like how he had after killing those human experts along the way. He believed that human genius would also be wiped out in the same way.

But suddenly—

Boom!

A mysterious power appeared where the black fog had enveloped Yan Jin. It spread out in every direction as the black fog rapidly disintegrated, causing the surrounding area to regain its natural clarity.

That’s... Poison Pool looked at Yan Jin in horror.

He saw an illusory gray sword appear above Yan Jin’s head—who had his eyes closed. The gray sword hovered there, an invisible ripple sweeping through the entire area. When it struck Poison Pool, he couldn’t help but kneel. He felt his head spin, and he immediately fell to his knees with a thud. He propped himself up with his arms and looked up with great difficulty. His eyes were filled with terror. A sword mark? This mortal has a sword mark sealed in his body?

There were only a handful of Godfiends who could accomplish this. Only terrifying existences who were adept with swords could do so.

A blurry figure appeared beside the illusory gray sword. It was a cold-looking, brawny man. His gaze swept across the surroundings coldly.

“Eastcalm Prefecture?” The cold-looking man turned to look at Yan Jin before looking at the kneeling Poisonous Pool.

“Humph.” He snorted coldly.

The air fluctuations suddenly increased.

Boom!

“You are...” Before Poison Pool could finish his sentence, terrifying waves overwhelmed him. Poison Pool’s entire body was reduced to dust before it disappeared with the wind.

“The demons are invading Eastcalm Prefecture?” The cold-looking man gazed at Jadesun Palace. He shouted softly, “Go!”

The gray sword instantly streaked across the sky, crossing four kilometers before arriving at Jadesun Palace.

...

The destroyed Jadesun Palace.

Yun Wanhai was heavily injured. Fairy Meng’s face was as pale as paper. Her fingers tightened around her walking stick as she tried her best to use her domain to help Jadesun Palace Lord. However, her domain was beginning to tremble unstably.

Block them, block them. Jadesun Palace Lord desperately held back the three demon monarchs.

He wanted to stall for more time.

He was unwilling to admit defeat.

“Fairy Meng is beginning to lose control over her domain. She can’t take it anymore. Kill her, then kill Jadesun Palace Lord, then we will finally flatten Eastcalm Prefecture,” said Whitesink in delight.

“Haha, Fairy Meng is finally unable to hold on.” The black-furred ape loudly laughed as he transformed into a black beam of light. He tried his best to avoid Jadesun Palace Lord, hoping to deal Fairy Meng a fatal blow.

Right at this moment—Whitesink, Domineering Roar, and Ape looked up at the same time.

An illusory gray sword shadow flew over from the horizon, arriving at Jadesun Palace in the blink of an eye.

“No!!!” Whitesink revealed a look of horror and despair as he frantically fled into the distance.

He had only taken a few steps when the gray sword shadow stabbed downwards. Whitesink angrily roared as he used both his claws to block with all his might. At the instant the sword struck his claws, the Heaven and Earth powers condensed into sword beams. Instantly, thousands of sword beams cleaved down frenziedly. Whitesink raised his head and looked at the thousands of sword beams that blinded him. His eyes were filled with despair as he roared angrily, “It’s King Calm Sea’s Heavenly Tribulation Sword! Why is King Calm Sea here?”

Following that, countless sword flashes struck him, tearing apart his extremely tough body.

Third Firmament Demon Monarch Whitesink was dead!

“It’s King Calm Sea’s Heavenly Tribulation Sword!” Domineering Roar was also stunned.

“Isn’t King Calm Sea constantly presiding over Calm Sea Pass?” Ape found it unbelievable. However, the remote strike had frightened them completely. Ape and Domineering Roar immediately fled in a panic.

King Calm Sea’s Heavenly Tribulation Sword? Lord Jadesun revealed an expression of disbelief.

His Highness is here? Fairy Meng—who was an old subordinate of King Calm Sea—was somewhat excited.

“Don’t even think about escaping!” Although Jadesun Palace Lord was pleasantly surprised, he still rapidly pursued Domineering Roar and Ape.

...

Yan Jin had thought he would die, but he faintly sensed a special power instead of his impending death.

Dazedly, he opened his eyes, only to see Poison Pool reduced to powder by the terrifying energy fluctuations. He then saw the cold-looking man making the gray sword projection pierce through the sky and head straight for Jadesun Palace.

“When you were born, I sealed a sword mark on you,” said the phantom calmly. “All of your siblings have one too. That is the only sword mark. I will not give you a second chance. In the future, you will have to take responsibility for your future path. If you die in battle, you have nothing to blame but your own incompetence.”

With that said, the phantom dissipated.

Yan Jin stared blankly. Lowering his head slightly, he whispered, “You know, this is the first time I’ve heard your voice in ten years. I almost forgot that I had a father.”

“Do you think I would be grateful to you? Hahaha...”

Yan Jin—who usually spoke little—laughed maniacally.

...

Domineering Roar had immense strength, but he was too massive. He was unable to shake off Jadesun Palace Lord.

In a one-against-two battle, Jadesun Palace Lord took just eight strikes to blast through Domineering Roar’s protective barrier, forming a huge hole in his chest and shattering his heart. Following that, he kicked Domineering Roar’s head, causing his massive body to collapse. He did not get up again.

That Demon Monarch Ape sure is fast. Jadesun Palace Lord chased after Demon Monarch Ape. However, the black-furred ape had transformed into a black beam of lift and had even used a forbidden spell to escape. He fled so quickly that Jadesun Palace Lord couldn’t catch up to him.

Ape was extremely fast. He had fled in such a panic, not because he was afraid of Jadesun Palace Lord; he was confident that he could shake off Jadesun Palace Lord. No, he was afraid of King Calm Sea.

What kind of existence was King Calm Sea?

As long as he was inside Eastcalm Prefecture, he could kill a second Firmament demon monarch remotely.

King Calm Sea is stationed at Calm Sea Pass. Why would he be in Eastcalm Prefecture? Ape fled towards the World Entrance.

He took out a beast horn and blew it.

Woo—

The low horn—that was filled with demonic energy—spread out in all directions and could be heard throughout the entire Eastcalm City.

After sounding the beast horn, Ape charged into the World Entrance and returned to Nine Convocation fief.

I actually came back alive. The pole-wielding, black-furred ape looked at the distorted World Entrance with lingering fear. He felt lucky.

Meanwhile, the demons that were scattered all over the city heard the horn.

“Retreat?”

“The demon monarchs gave the order to retreat?”

Although puzzled, the other demons still quickly retreated.

Jadesun Palace Lord—who had failed to catch up with Demon Monarch Ape—shot to the top of a large tree. He stood on the tree crown steadily and saw many demons rushing towards the World Entrance. This made Jadesun Palace Lord heave a sigh of relief. The demons have retreated. The invasion has finally ended.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67: The Aftermath in Eastcalm Prefecture
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Under Jadesun Palace Lord’s command, many soldiers and veterans put pressure on the demons, forcing them to flee.

“Although killing demons is important, staying alive is more important,” shouted a human expert in the lead. “We need to force the demons to leave Eastcalm Prefecture as soon as possible. It’s best if we use bows or throw short lances. Engage in melee combat as little as possible.”

With orders from all over the place, the soldiers and veterans of Eastcalm Prefecture skillfully drove out the demons. Demons that were slow to escape would be circled and killed. This compelled the demons to escape with all their might.

“Run!”

“A Godfiend is here. Where are our demon monarchs?”

“The demon monarchs must have been defeated. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be ordered to retreat.” The demons’ morale had completely plummeted as they frantically fled.

Jadesun Palace Lord occasionally attacked, mostly targeting the stronger demons.

There are too many ordinary demons. If we really don’t force them into a corner, they will scatter and wreak havoc everywhere. It would result in bigger trouble. However, the demon commanders can forget about escaping. The lieutenant commanders will be killed if possible. Whenever Jadesun Palace Lord discovered a demon commander, he would immediately rush over. As long as he was within a thousand feet of the enemy, he would be able to slay them using thread wisps easily.

“The commander is dead.”

“The lieutenant commander is dead as well.” The remaining demons fled in panic.

...

One party was frantically retreating while a Godfiend cornered another. In just an hour, all the demons retreated to the Demon Realm.

“The invasion has ended.” Meng Chuan walked along the streets with his father, Meng Dajiang, as they took in the city.

The region closest to the World Entrance was the most miserable. There were many casualties; other places were relatively better. People below the Marrow Cleansing realm had hidden in the deep underground tunnels. There had been no time for the demons to enter the tunnels during the short invasion. Those who had participated in the defense were at or above the Marrow Cleansing Realm; they numbered a few thousand.

Roughly 1000 people had died in battle. The casualties in the region near the World Entrance numbered 10,000. It was the most tragic region.

Furthermore, many places in the city had been destroyed during battles between demons and humans. Houses had collapsed, restaurants were damaged, and the streets were scarred. The traces of battle were everywhere.

“Dad, Mom, our shop collapsed.” A child looked at the collapsed street and cried.

“It’s fine.” The woman hugged the child and looked at her husband—who was covered in blood. She smiled and said, “It’s better that we’re alive and together. Nothing else matters.”

The child was still confused.

The husband gently hugged his wife and child and said with a smile, “It’s indeed good to be alive.” In the past two hours, he had killed three demons with his companions. He had survived and had not lost any limbs. He felt very lucky.

“Hahaha! Eastcalm Prefecture has survived this tribulation. Another few decades of peace is in order. Hahaha...” A bandaged, old man covered in blood held a gourd of alcohol and laughed as he drank. As he did so, he watched people appear on the streets. The weak, ordinary civilians had been hiding in the underground tunnels, but they had all come out now. This added more life to Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Uncle Zhang, you’re a hero!” shouted a neighbor as he looked at the elder.

“Uncle Zhang, come. Take this pair of pig trotters and make some soup with it.” A butcher realized that their shop hadn’t been damaged. The pork that was prepared early in the morning was still there. He immediately wrapped up a pair of pig trotters and gave it to the elderly man.

Upon seeing this, Meng Chuan and his father felt much better.

“Godfiends are very important, but mortal soldiers are equally important,” said Meng Dajiang with a sigh. “It’s because of them that we were able to hold back the countless demons, preventing the people hiding in the tunnels from being slaughtered. No matter how powerful a Godfiend is, how many of them are there? Of course, battles between the Godfiends and demon monarchs determines the outcome of a war. If the Godfiends lose, it would be pointless for the mortal soldiers to fend off the demons.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

For the sake of this vibrant Eastcalm Prefecture and for the sake of countless human cities, he had to become a Godfiend! Only after becoming a Godfiend would he have enough power to protect everything.

...

The ancestral mansion.

Meng Chuan and his father arrived at the ancestral mansion.

White lanterns now adorned the main entrance of the Meng ancestral mansion. Many clansmen were dressed in mourning attire.

“Elder.” Soon, a clansman delivered mourning attire to them.

Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang wore them.

“Let’s go to Third Elder,” said Meng Dajiang. Quite a number of people from the Meng family had died. Four elders had died, and many more at the Marrow Cleansing and Mortal Shedding realm.

The Third Elder was the strongest person who had died in battle, so it was only right to pay their respects to him first.

The mourning hall was already set up.

“You’re here.” Clan Leader Meng Yanping sat inside, looking like he had aged considerably. “Give Third Brother a kowtow.”

“Okay.”

Meng Dajiang kowtowed first, followed by Meng Chuan.

After kowtowing, Meng Chuan stood up and saw Third Elder’s corpse. He had already been cleaned up by a mortician. He lay there like he was sound asleep, and even his expression was much more serene than usual.

Clan Leader Meng Yanping looked at Meng Chuan and said in a low voice, “What Third Brother wanted the most when he was alive, was for you to enter Archean Mountain and become a Godfiend. Meng Chuan, you must not let him down.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I won’t.”

...

After staying with Third Elder for a while, they went to the other mourning halls.

The atmosphere in the Meng Estate was stifling and solemn. After all, many clansmen had died. Many children were still oblivious, having not realized what had happened. After the demon invasion erupted—although 3000 clansmen lived in the ancestral mansion—roughly 2000 people, that had yet to reach the Marrow Cleansing realm, hid in the tunnels. They hid in the tunnels for an hour before coming out again. They had not encountered any danger.

They felt like everything was the same as usual.

However, many mourning halls were set up in the ancestral mansion, and almost the entire clan was mourning. The children didn’t dare tantrum.

“Kowtow.” The parents’ eyes were red. They got their children to kowtow one by one. Every family that had lost somebody needed to receive a kowtow. This was because the parents knew that it was due to clansmen risking their lives so they could survive.

Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang went to each residence before finally visiting Grandaunt.

“Grandaunt.” The father-son duo entered the courtyard.

Fairy Meng sat alone in the yard. She didn’t like people tending to her. Cough. Cough. Fairy Meng’s face was pale. Her aura was waning slightly, making it difficult for her to maintain her normal appearance.

“Grandaunt, your injuries...” said Meng Chuan worriedly.

Upon seeing Meng Chuan, Fairy Meng smiled. “Ah, you’re here. My injuries are nothing. I can’t live for long anyway. I’m already very happy that we could fight the demon monarchs and not have Eastcalm Prefecture razed to the ground.”

Meng Dajiang also said, “Aunt, you don’t have to worry about anything else. Rest well.”

“Yes, rest well,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

Fairy Meng had been a Godfiend for nearly eighty years. She was the family clan’s pillar of support. The Meng family was used to her protection. When she was around, the Meng family would feel settled. If she wasn’t around, it felt as though the Meng family would collapse.

“I know my body well,” said Fairy Meng with a chuckle. “Don’t worry. I can’t bear to die so quickly. I’ll hold on... Regardless, I’ll survive until winter this year. I need to hear about your successful entry to Archean Mountain before I can rest in peace.”

At this time, there was a knock on the door outside the small courtyard.

The door opened.

Clan Leader Meng Yanping said from outside, “Third Sis, someone from Jadesun Palace is here. He’s here for Meng Chuan.”

“Someone from Jadesun Palace is looking for Meng Chuan?” Fairy Meng frowned slightly.

“Fairy,” said another person respectfully from outside the door. “Marquis Southcloud from Wu State’s capital has come to Eastcalm Prefecture. Marquis Southcloud has informed us that he would like to meet Young Master Meng.”

“Marquis Southcloud?” Fairy Meng was alarmed.

King Calm Sea’s position was extremely lofty, and all surrounding states were affected by it. However, Marquis Southcloud was also an extremely powerful Godfiend—one of the strongest in the entire Wu State. He was the one who answered Eastcalm Prefecture’s call for help.

“Meng Chuan, hurry over,” said Fairy Meng immediately. “Dajiang, you should go with him too.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang answered.

The father and son immediately followed the messenger to Jadesun Palace.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68: Departure in Succession
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jadesun Palace.

“I never expected a child of the Liu family to awaken the Phoenix Divine Body bloodline.” Marquis Southcloud was fair and beardless. His amiable smile resembled an ordinary scholar. “Speaking of which, nobody from the Gongsun family has awakened a Phoenix Divine Body bloodline for the past five centuries. Including Liu Qiyue, the two people with phoenix bloodlines aren’t from the Gongsun family. This world is truly unpredictable.”

Liu Yebai sat by the side and smiled as he looked at his daughter. He then said, “Our Liu family had a marriage alliance with the Gongsun Family during my grandmother’s generation.”

“I know.” Marquis Southcloud nodded. “For the sake of their phoenix bloodline, the Gongsun family had forbidden marriage with outsiders. Only after centuries of no descendants awakening the bloodline—along with the threat of demons—did the Gongsun family finally begin allowing marriages with outsiders. Haha, once these marriages happened, it brought us Godfiends with Phoenix Divine Bodies.”

“Can I become a Godfiend?” Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but ask. “I reached the Unity realm last year.”

“It’s not bad for you to reach the Unity realm at the age of sixteen.” Marquis Southcloud nodded. “Don’t worry. You will definitely succeed if Archean Mountain wants to nurture you.”

“Qiyue, since you have awakened your phoenix bloodline, you should become a Godfiend,” Liu Yebai said.

Marquis Southcloud continued, “The news of your Phoenix Divine Body bloodline has long reached Archean Mountain. They have already sent someone over. They should arrive in Eastcalm Prefecture today! When the time comes, you will have to leave and head to Archean Mountain.”

“I’m leaving today?” Liu Qiyue felt like everything was happening too suddenly.

“That’s right.” Marquis Southcloud nodded. “It’s impossible for me to stay in Eastcalm Prefecture forever. There’s no way Archean Mountain can send a powerful Godfiend as protection. Therefore, it’s safest for you to enter Archean Mountain immediately.”

Liu Yebai also said, “Qiyue, now that you have awakened a phoenix bloodline, you have to cultivate hard and make yourself stronger.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded solemnly.

When she personally witnessed the demon invasion, she yearned to become stronger and vanquish those demons.

...

Meng Chuan and his father arrived at Jadesun Palace.

“Young Master Meng, please stay here for a moment. The Marquis is currently talking to Young Master Yan.” An elder led the way, and Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang could only wait by the side. They also saw Liu Yebai and Liu Qiyue sitting in a pavilion.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue was even more surprised. After the demon invasion, she had not seen Meng Chuan. After Meng Chuan killed two demon commanders at Blazing Sun Dao Academy, he had led Demon Monarch Poison Pool away and escaped... As for Liu Qiyue, she was quickly brought to Jadesun Palace. They hadn’t managed to speak with each other.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan ran over happily. “Are you alright? You seemed to be quite injured back at Blazing Sun Dao Academy.”

“It was after casting a forbidden spell for too long.” Liu Qiyue smiled and shook her head. “I just need to rest for a month.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

“Ah Chuan, I-I...” Liu Qiyue whispered, somewhat reluctant to part with him. “I might be leaving Eastcalm Prefecture today.”

“You’re leaving Eastcalm Prefecture today?” Meng Chuan was surprised. He suddenly recalled the flaming arrow that Liu Qiyue had shot.

“Why are you leaving all of a sudden?” Meng Dajiang couldn’t help but ask. Qiyue had come to live at Mirror Lake Meng Manor when she was very young. After all these years, it was as if she was his own child. Meng Dajiang couldn’t bear to part with her.

Liu Yebai said, “Qiyue awakened a Phoenix Divine Body bloodline. Archean Mountain wants to take her away immediately. In the future, she will cultivate at Archean Mountain.”

“She awoke a phoenix bloodline and will be entering Archean Mountain?” Meng Dajiang was somewhat astonished.

He obviously knew about the phoenix bloodline.

There were many types of divine bodies. Generally speaking, divine bodies like thunder and lightning were very powerful and difficult to cultivate. The top Lightning Divine Body could be said to be extremely difficult to begin cultivating, but the Phoenix Divine Body was even more strict on its conditions. Outsiders were unable to cultivate it at all. Only those who had awakened the phoenix bloodline could cultivate it. Godfiends who cultivated Phoenix Divine Bodies were extremely rare. The Gongsun family which was known as the Phoenix clan hadn’t had any descendants awaken the bloodline for five centuries.

Currently, there was only one person who was a Phoenix Divine Body Godfiend. Liu Qiyue would be the second.

“It’s our dream to enter Archean Mountain.” Meng Dajiang immediately reacted and smiled at Liu Qiyue. “We must be happy for Qiyue.”

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue was very reluctant to part with him.

“I will also enter Archean Mountain this December,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “When the time comes, we will meet again.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded, but there was still much reluctance in her heart.

...

While Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were chatting, Marquis Southcloud was talking to Yan Jin in the hall.

“King Calm Sea’s sword mark saved Eastcalm Prefecture.” Marquis Southcloud sighed. “This is fate. If you weren’t in Eastcalm Prefecture, Eastcalm Prefecture might have already been annihilated by the demons.”

Yan Jin stood there, listening obediently.

“However, the demons will definitely investigate the reason for their failed invasion carefully,” said Marquis Southcloud. “King Calm Sea is constantly watching over Calm Sea Pass. With the power of the Heavenly Tribulation Sword being only ten or twenty percent of King Calm Sea’s might, the demons will easily deduce that it was only a sword mark. The sealing of a sword mark is very difficult. It requires a huge price. King Calm Sea has only sealed them in a few of his children.”

“King Calm Sea has seven children. Five of them have become Godfiends. Only the youngest two are mortals. The sixth child is cultivating at Calm Sea. Only you came to Eastcalm Prefecture,” said Marquis Southcloud. “Although your identity was kept a secret, the demons will still be able to figure this out from their investigations. Once they find out that you are King Calm Sea’s son, they will send the Skydemon Sect to assassinate you. Therefore, you have to leave Eastcalm Prefecture.”

“Leave?” Yan Jin was stunned.

“You might die here.” Marquis Southcloud said, “You can follow me to the state capital. There, I can ensure your safety. You can also return to Calm Sea Pass! There’s nothing to worry about there.”

“No.” Yan Jin shook his head. “I want neither Calm Sea Pass, nor the state capital.”

Marquis Southcloud frowned. “Why are you so insensible?”

“Don’t worry, Lord Marquis. I will leave Eastcalm Prefecture. The demons won’t be able to find me so easily,” said Yan Jin.

“You...” Marquis Southcloud shook his head. Thinking back to the letter, he recalled that this Seventh Young Master of King Calm Sea’s family was a loner and rather extreme in his ideals. It was indeed the case.

“How about this? You will be participating in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination this year, right?” Marquis Southcloud asked.

“Yes.” Yan Jin nodded.

The rules of Archean Mountain were strict. Unless one was truly a peerless genius, everyone else was required to participate in the entrance examination. Regardless of whether they were the children of King Calm Sea or the princes of the Great Zhou Dynasty, it was the same for all. Those who were lacking were eliminated.

Liu Qiyue was the second person in the world who possessed a phoenix bloodline. There was no need for her to take the test. Archean Mountain immediately accepted her.

Yan Jin still had to take the test.

“In that case, you can head straight to Archean City. You can directly participate in Archean Mountain’s test in December,” said Marquis Southcloud.

Yan Jin thought for a moment and nodded. “Alright.”

He didn’t like Calm Sea Pass, much less the state capital. These two places had the most number of clansmen from King Calm Sea’s family.

“There will be people from Archean Mountain coming to fetch Liu Qiyue today. When the time comes, you can head to Archean City with them,” said Marquis Southcloud with a smile.

“Yes.” Yan Jin nodded.

...

Moments later, Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan entered the hall and paid their respects to Marquis Southcloud.

“Marquis Southcloud.” When Meng Chuan saw Marquis Southcloud, his heart was filled with shock.

His senses had always been effective, but he couldn’t sense Marquis Southcloud’s existence at all! In fact, even while being in the same hall and being within a hundred feet of each other, his hundred-foot domain couldn’t sense him at all.

He could only see him with the naked eye.

Such a strange situation alarmed Meng Chuan. He also came to a realization. There is always someone stronger than you. Although my senses are special and mysterious, it is clearly useless in front of Marquis Southcloud. The other party was one of the most terrifying Godfiends in Wu State, after all. It was understandable that his “sense” failed completely.

“Greetings, Lord Marquis.” Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan bowed.

“Have a seat, both of you.” Marquis Southcloud instructed as he curiously looked at Meng Chuan. After he sat down, he asked, “Meng Chuan, I heard that you killed two demon commanders one after another at Blazing Sun Dao Academy?”

“Yes,” Meng Chuan immediately replied.

“Have you reached the realm of Saber Intent?” inquired Marquis Southcloud.

The fusion of body, mind, and technique was the first realm—Unity.

When one formed a unique Force, their strength would increase tremendously. They could even guide the Heaven and Earth powers. Force was the second realm.

If one took a step further, Saber Force could become an embodiment. That was Saber Intent—something one could call their own. Saber Intent was mysterious and unfathomable. Many Godfiends would pursue the Intent realm their entire lives. Saber Intent was the third realm of saber arts.

“No, I haven’t comprehended Saber Intent yet,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

“Oh.” Marquis Southcloud was a bit disappointed.

It was said that a young man named Meng Chuan in Eastcalm Prefecture had killed a demon commander with a single slash. He had also killed two in quick succession.

Marquis Southcloud’s first thought was that Meng Chuan had comprehended Saber Intent and reached the third realm of saber arts. Comprehending Saber Intent at 18 would make one a peerless genius who would shock Archean Mountain. He would be recruited immediately and didn’t need to participate in the entrance examination.

Unfortunately, he had over-thought things.

“Then how did you kill the demon commanders?” asked Marquis Southcloud in puzzlement.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: Yun Wanhai’s Arrangement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

How did he kill the demon commanders?

Meng Chuan’s heart tightened. His grandaunt had long ordered him to keep the glabella space a secret until he had figured out what it was after entering Archean Mountain.

“Marquis,” said Meng Chuan respectfully. “When I rushed to Blazing Sun Dao Academy, the demons had already attacked Blazing Sun Castle. Qiyue was also heavily injured. I was eager to save her, so I didn’t think too much as I tried to stop the two demon commanders. I never expected my body to erupt with such extraordinary strength at that critical moment. The power of my saber arts also soared, and I managed to kill a demon commander with one slash. Following that, I killed the second demon commander.”

“An eagerness to save Liu Qiyue?” Marquis Southcloud came to a realization. He nodded and smiled. “It looks like Liu Qiyue is very important to you. She managed to catalyze the eruption of your potential.”

In a life-and-death situation, his strength had skyrocketed.

For the sake of the most important person in his life, he was able to unleash greater power. This had precedents in history, but they were few in number. In fact, according to legend, there had been a Godfiend who had erupted with ten times his strength in a desperate situation, thus killing his opponent. But very quickly, he died from his body breaking down!

Godfiends at extremely high realms were able to perfectly excavate their bodies’s potential without harming themselves at all. As for those who were able to unleash strength many-fold their usual at critical moments, they ended up dealing tremendous damage to their bodies. The greater the released strength, the greater the damage. Dying from their bodies failing was possible.

Of course...

It would be very difficult for one to unleash strength multiple times higher. One needed plenty of inducement. Many cultivators found it hard to increase their strength when facing death, no matter how crazily they attacked. For example, when Meng Chuan was being pursued by Demon Monarch Poison Pool—no matter how strong his desire for survival was—his speed only increased by 20%.

For example, experts who unleashed strength several times their normal might only be capable of doing so once a lifetime. If they were to face a dire situation again, they wouldn’t be able to replicate that explosion in strength.

It could only be obtained by chance!

“Qiyue and Meng Dajiang grew up together.” Meng Dajiang also explained with a laugh, “The first thing on this kid’s mind was to save Qiyue when he learned of the demon invasion.”

“I see.” Marquis Southcloud nodded. “Although you haven’t figured out Saber Intent, many demons saw you killing two demon commanders. That’s not something that can be hidden! If the demons know about it, they might arrange for the Skydemons to assassinate you.”

“Skydemons will carry out assassinations?” Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang felt pressured.

In the cultivation system that demons had specially created for human traitors, Skydemons were equivalent to demon monarchs and Godfiends.

“You will definitely be participating in the entrance examination at Archean Mountain, right?” Marquis Southcloud said.

“I will participate this year.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Archean Mountain will be sending someone to fetch Liu Qiyue.” Marquis Southcloud said, “When the time comes, you can also go with them. You can stay in Archean City temporarily. There’s no need to worry about danger when you’re there.”

“Archean City?” Meng Chuan and his father exchanged glances.

The most prosperous and safest city in the Great Zhou Dynasty was not the capital but Archean City.

Archean City was located at the foot of Archean Mountain. Many of the Archean Mountain Godfiends had moved their loved ones to the city. There were even powerful Godfiends who lived within the city. They could scale Archean Mountain if there were any pressing matters.

That was why Archean City was the safest city in the Great Zhou Dynasty. In eight hundred years, it had also become the most prosperous city.

“Alright, I’ll go to Archean City.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Can I go with him?” Meng Dajiang asked.

“Sure.” Marquis Southcloud nodded. “But you can’t bring anyone else.”

It was common for family members to follow. Every year, geniuses participating in Archean Mountain entrance examination would bring along a family member.

Of course, if they were accepted by Archean Mountain, their family members would usually return to their hometown.

After the Meng duo left, Marquis Southcloud shook his head slightly. To think that it was just a temporary explosion in strength. I thought that our Wu State had produced a peerless genius who had comprehended Saber Intent at the age of eighteen. I thought too much. He was somewhat disappointed.

A genius with the phoenix bloodline was very important. A peerless genius who had comprehended Saber Intent at the age of eighteen was even more important, because such a peerless genius would definitely become an extremely powerful Godfiend. Unfortunately, it was too rare.

...

Yun family, underground hall.

Yun Wanhai sat in the lotus position. His entire body was surrounded by swirling violet flames, and his complexion had turned ruddier. A Godfiend had tenacious vitality. He had been heavily injured and on the brink of death, but four hours of rest significantly ameliorated his condition.

“Dad.” Leading his siblings, Yun Fucheng stood in front of Yun Wanhai respectfully.

“I summoned you because I have something to tell you,” said Yun Wanhai. “I was seriously injured during the demon invasion. If not for Fairy Meng’s protection, I would already be dead.”

His children’s hearts tightened.

“I survived,” said Yun Wanhai. “Marquis Southcloud helped me remove the demonic energy in my body, but the demonic energy has damaged my foundation. If I’m careful, I would still be able to live an abject life for two decades. However, I never had any intention of doing. So, I, Yun Wanhai... will continue to recuperate in Eastcalm Prefecture for ten years. In these ten years, I will groom the children of our clan well. I will also trade my credits for many treasures. Ten years later, I will head to the battlefield.”

His children began to panic.

“Dad, your injuries are so serious. Even if you don’t go to the battlefield, Archean Mountain will not blame you.”

“Dad, you have already done a great deed protecting Eastcalm Prefecture, right?” Yun Fu’an and Yun Fuyu hurriedly said.

Yun Wanhai frowned and glared at his children. He said coldly, “I, Yun Wanhai, insist on dying on the battlefield! Even if I were to die, I will drag a demon monarch down with me!”

His children did not dare make a sound.

“I did earn some credit protecting Eastcalm Prefecture. As I’ve said, all the credit that I have accumulated over the past few decades will be exchanged for treasures for the family clan. I’ll leave them to you. I hope that in these ten years, our Yun family will be able to produce a talent.” Yun Wanhai sighed. “At this moment, I’m somewhat envious of Fairy Meng. Alright, you are dismissed.”

“Yes.” His children could only obediently leave.

...

Yun Fu’an sat in the hall with a dark expression. The news he just learned was like a bolt from the blue. It left his mind in turmoil.

“Fu’an.” Yun Fucheng walked in.

“Brother.” Yun Fu’an immediately rose to welcome him.

“I just received news,” said Yun Fucheng. “Archean Mountain have sent people to Eastcalm Prefecture and will take Liu Qiyue, Meng Chuan, and Yan Jin away today. Liu Qiyue will enter Archean Mountain directly. Meng Chuan and Yan Jin will likely stay in Archean City and wait for this year’s Archean Mountain entrance examination.”

“They’re leaving today?” Yun Fu’an was astonished.

“Yes, that’s why Jadesun Palace didn’t keep this a secret. I believe the other Godfiend family clans have learned of this.”

Yun Fucheng nodded. “It’s fine if it’s Liu Qiyue and Yan Jin. They are foreigners. Even if they become powerful Godfiends in the future, they wouldn’t come back to Eastcalm Prefecture. Meng Chuan is different. It’s impossible for the ten thousand Meng family members to migrate. With his talent—one that’s enough to kill demon commanders—he’ll probably be able to pass the assessment and enter Archean Mountain. The Meng family’s influence in Eastcalm Prefecture will be much greater than it is now.”

Yun Fu’an’s eyelids kept twitching.

“Back then, the engagement annulment had strained the relationship between our families. However, relationships can be improved,” said Yun Fucheng. “This time, Father and Fairy Meng fought alongside each other. It’s also a form of friendship forged from being comrades-in-arms. Fairy Meng even protected our father. We can visit them and thank them... We should thank Fairy Meng for saving our father.”

“It’s a life-and-death battle. I’m sure Father helped Fairy Meng, right?” Yun Fu’an whispered.

“It’s just a pretext! A pretext for paying a visit,” Yun Fucheng frowned and berated. “Besides, Father has said that Fairy Meng had saved his life. As his sons, we have to pay them a visit and thank them. Also, we have to prepare a gift for them. First, as a gift of apology. Second, it’s well-wishes for Meng Chuan’s entry into Archean Mountain. The relationship between the two families can’t be reconciled completely, but we mustn’t become enemies. The gifts have been prepared. Prepare to come with me to the Meng family ancestral mansion.”

“I need to go as well?” Yun Fu’an asked.

“You were the one to annul the engagement. Of course you have to go,” Yun Fucheng said calmly.

“Okay.” Yun Fu’an could only nod obediently. Although he was unhappy, he knew when to bow.

...

The Meng family ancestral mansion.

As they were leaving Eastcalm Prefecture today, Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang had come to bid farewell to their clansmen.

And at this time, the other four Godfiend clans of Eastcalm Prefecture sent people to pay their respects. After paying their respects to Meng family elders who had died in battle, they went to meet Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70: Reaching Archean City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and his father also saw the representatives of the Godfiend family clans.

“Meng Chuan, you are the pride of our Eastcalm Prefecture. We will be waiting for your good news here in Eastcalm Prefecture.” Yun Fucheng smiled as he looked at Meng Chuan. “Once you become a Godfiend, kill a few more demon monarchs.”

“Definitely.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Back then, I injured my dantian at Qinyang Pass, destroying my hopes of becoming a Godfiend. However, I’m still happy to see new Godfiends from Eastcalm Prefecture appear.” Yun Fucheng smiled. He was genuinely happy.

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. He knew quite a bit about the accomplishments of the Yun family clan leader, Yun Fucheng, and was rather impressed.

“It’s still early for Chuan’er to become a Godfiend. He still has to pass the Archean Mountain entrance examination,” Meng Dajiang said humbly.

Yun Fucheng shook his head and said, “He killed a demon commander with a single strike. He’s only 18 years old now. How can he not enter Archean Mountain with such abilities? Brother Dajiang, I really envy you for having such a powerful son.”

“I’m also very impressed by your teachings, Brother Meng.” Yun Fu’an finally said something. His posture was even a little sycophantic.

“I know you guys are busy, so we won’t disturb you any further. You don’t have to send us out.” Yun Fucheng smiled as he led Yun Fu’an away.

Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan watched the two of them leave.

“The Three Heroes of the Yun Family are indeed extraordinary. Yun Fu’an is just an expendable person,” said Meng Dajiang. “Your grandaunt also said that the Yun family’s patriarch has indeed done great in protecting Eastcalm Prefecture! He had desperately fought against the demon monarchs in the beginning, preventing them from harming your grandaunt. Only when the Yun family’s patriarch collapsed did those demon monarchs have a chance of harming her. It made the situation take a turn for the worse. With this alone, there’s no need to be petty with the Yun family. This is also what your grandaunt wants.”

“Dad,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “You look down on me. From the beginning, I’ve never paid much attention to them. What I care about is being able to enter Archean Mountain and cultivating to the Godfiend realm.”

Meng Dajiang looked at his son and felt very gratified. Nianyun, our child is outstanding, really outstanding.

...

Night fell.

Jadesun Palace was very lively. Quite a number of people were gathered there, all of them were here to send off Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Yan Jin.

“Meng Chuan.” Dean Ge Yu from Mirror Lake Dao Academy was thrilled. “Be well prepared after heading to Archean City. Pass the test in December and enter Archean Mountain!”

“I will definitely work hard, Dean,” said Meng Chuan.

“To think that I, Ge Yu, was able to teach an Archean Mountain Godfiend. Haha, that’s enough for me to toot about for the rest of my life.” Ge Yu laughed.

Zhong Qianhe from Blazing Sun Dao Academy laughed and said, “Old Ge, how much of Meng Chuan’s capabilities were imparted by you? Are you shameless enough to boast about it?”

“Why not? I taught him the Falling Leaf Saber in many one-on-one sessions!” Ge Yu glared at him. “Brother Dajiang got me to teach him the swift saber because I’m good at the swift saber. I’m inferior to Meng Chuan now, but my greatest pride is having my disciple be stronger than me! I’m happy that my disciple can surpass me.”

“That’s a good mindset.” Zhong Qianhe nodded in praise. “Your disciple is stronger than us.”

“Dean, we’ll be leaving now.” Liu Qiyue also bade Zhong Qianhe farewell.

“Go ahead,” said Dean Zhong and smiled at his protégé. He was extremely pleased to be able to teach a Godfiend with a Phoenix Divine Body.

After bidding farewell to Dean Ge Yu, Meng Chuan walked towards the Godfiends.

A few Godfiends stood together. One of them was Marquis Southcloud, while the other was a long-browed elder from Archean Mountain. There were also Jadesun Palace Lord and Fairy Meng standing to the side.

“It’s about time to leave.” The long-browed elder nodded slightly.

Fairy Meng turned her head to look at the approaching Meng Chuan and instructed, “Meng Chuan, settle down in peace when you reach Archean City. Ignore everything else. Just focus on your cultivation and prepare for this year’s Archean Mountain entrance examination in December.”

“Don’t worry, Grandaunt,” Meng Chuan said respectfully.

“I will be in Eastcalm Prefecture. I’ll wait for your good news at the ancestral mansion.” Fairy Meng looked at him hopefully.

“Let’s go.” The long-browed elder urged from afar.

There was a massive, black bird. Even when it landed on the ground and retracted its wings, it occupied about a hundred feet. The white-robed Yan Jin was already sitting on the bird and carried a backpack.

“Let’s go.” Liu Yebai and Liu Qiyue got on the back of the bird.

“We’ll be going as well.” Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan jumped up as well. The bird’s back was several hundred feet long, and there was plenty of space even when the few of them sat cross-legged on top of it.

The long-browed elder finally mounted the bird and sat down cross-legged as well.

“Let’s go.” He ruffled the bird’s feathers gently.

With a resounding cry, the enormous black bird soared into the sky.

“Eastcalm Prefecture.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue looked down. Having lived here for so long, they couldn’t bear to part with it.

Under the night sky, Eastcalm Prefecture was blanketed with lanterns—white lanterns. Everybody was mourning and accompanying it was the faint sound of crying. All brothels in the city were closed down.

“Fortunately, we won,” Meng Dajiang said softly. “Eastcalm Prefecture will be restored to its former liveliness soon. If we had lost, Eastcalm Prefecture would’ve been massacred. That would be miserable.”

Yan Jin looked down as well. His mother’s death and everything that had happened over the years made him hate his father. However, the people at Calm Sea Pass were filled with respect for King Calm Sea. His single strike had saved all of Eastcalm Prefecture. It made him view his father differently.

At least he protected a lot of people, muttered Yan Jin under his breath. Then, he looked straight. It was where Archean Mountain was.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue gazed longingly at Eastcalm Prefecture as it grew smaller and smaller. After the bird soared above the clouds, they could no longer see Eastcalm Prefecture.

Above the clouds, the stars were bright and clear. The enormous bird spread its wings and now spanned two hundred feet. It shrieked as it advanced. Everyone was seated in the lotus position, most of them looking curiously at the view. Even Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai had never gone above the clouds.

“We can reach Archean Mountain before dawn,” said the long-browed elder. He did not say anything else.

...

About six hours later, Meng Chuan and company saw Archean Mountain in the middle of the night.

“That is Archean Mountain.” The long-browed elder pointed ahead.

“Archean Mountain?”

Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Liu Qiyue, and the others all looked over excitedly. From afar, they saw towering mountain ranges with heights that pierced through the clouds. Meng Chuan and company found the mountain incomparably tall even above the clouds.

“Archean Mountain is the highest mountain range in the world,” said the long-browed elder. “It’s the reason why the sect was established here. It’s also the oldest sect in the world. Its long history can be traced back to the time when humans still lived in tribes.”

“Let’s head to Archean City first,” the long-browed elder said as he gently tapped the bird’s feathers.

The black bird immediately swooped downwards.

After passing through the thick clouds, they saw a massive city built at the foot of Archean Mountain. Looking down from above, one could see that Archean City was split into an inner and outer city.

“Archean City has an equally long history,” said the long-browed elder. “Human dynasties can be replaced, and the capitals change, but Archean City remains unchanging. In the past, Archean City spanned twenty-five kilometers—roughly the size of an ordinary city. But ever since the demons invaded, many family clans moved here due to its safety. They expanded into an outer city. The city walls of Archean City reach an astonishing range of a hundred kilometers. In terms of population, it has surpassed the capital and is the largest city in the Great Zhou Dynasty.”

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Yan Jin looked at the huge city in amazement. It was much bigger than Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Yan Jin, Meng Chuan, I will send the both of you to Wu State Guild Hall,” said the long-browed elder. “The two of you will be staying there until the entrance examination at the end of the year.”

“Yes,” answered Meng Chuan and Yan Jin.

The long-browed elder nodded slightly. The enormous black bird had already swooped into the city, arriving at a luxurious complex that occupied plenty of land. There was a plaque at the front of the complex: Wu State Guild Hall.

There was already a group of people waiting in front of the compound. They had waited for almost the entire night.

Whoosh.

When the bird landed, these people bowed respectfully.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 - Facing the Morning Sun (1\/2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whoosh. Whoosh. Whoosh. Meng Chuan, Meng Dajiang, Liu Yebai, and Yan Jin jumped off the bird.

“Arrange accommodation for them,” calmly instructed the long-browed elder as he remained sitting on the bird.

“Yes,” the members of the Wu State Guild Hall replied respectfully.

“Liu Yebai.” The long-browed elder looked at Liu Yebai and said indifferently, “After your daughter goes up the mountain, she cannot leave the mountain except for special reasons before she becomes a Godfiend. You can communicate through letters. If there’s anything urgent, you can come to the mountain to look for your daughter.”

“Understood.” Liu Yebai smiled as he looked at his daughter, Liu Qiyue—who was on the bird’s back. He instructed, “Qiyue, cultivate well in Archean Mountain. If anything happens, write to me. I will be staying in Wu State Guild Hall for the next few months.”

“Yes, I’ll write to you.” Liu Qiyue was also very reluctant to part with her father. She turned to look at Meng Chuan. “Ah Chuan, I’ll write to you too.”

Meng Chuan smiled and nodded.

“This girl.” Liu Yebai smiled and shook his head.

“Let’s go.” The long-browed elder gently patted the enormous black bird. It flew into the air, bringing the long-browed elder and Liu Qiyue towards the legendary Archean Mountain.

“Archean Mountain.” Meng Chuan and the others looked into the distance. Inside Archean City, they could see the massive mountain range that towered into the clouds. It was where the Godfiends of Archean City cultivated.

“Sirs,” one of the stewards of Wu State Guild Hall said with a smile. “Now that the guild hall is relatively empty, do you plan on getting a room each or stay together?”

Meng Dajiang said, “My son—Meng Chuan—and I will live together, while Young Master Yan Jin and Brother Liu will have individual rooms.”

“Three rooms? Sure, the guild hall is huge. Feel free to choose,” said the steward with a smile. “Towards the end of the year, many geniuses from Wu State will come to participate in the entrance examination. There will be plenty of people then.”

Not just anyone could stay at Wu State Guild Hall.

Only geniuses participating in the Archean Mountain entrance examination and high officials sent by Wu State were qualified to stay here. Unauthorized people were not allowed to enter.

Meng Chuan and company simply chose three small courtyards near the guild hall.

...

In a small courtyard, Meng Dajiang placed everything he brought along with him into their room. “From today onwards, we’ll stay here.” He smiled as he looked at the room. “It’s pretty good here, clean too.”

“Dad, I’ll choose the room next door,” Meng Chuan said.

“Hurry up and get some sleep. There’s still quite some time before daybreak.” Meng Dajiang laughed as well. Although he maintained his fat appearance, his face was pale. After all, he had expended a lot of his sanguine aura. He was currently relying on a secret technique to maintain his body size, so he needed to eat and rest more.

Meng Chuan nodded and went to his room. The room was decorated simply. There was a bed and a study table by the window. Beside it was a bookshelf with some books.

As Meng Chuan lay on the bed and stared at the moon through the window, he felt a potpourri of emotions. He had experienced too much today, and the impact on his psyche was deep.

...

At dawn, Meng Dajiang warmly called for Yan Jin and Liu Yebai—who were both situated next to them. “Come come, let’s eat breakfast together.”

“It’s quite a sumptuous spread,” Liu Yebai praised as he looked at the breakfast table in the courtyard.

“I got the people from the guild hall to send breakfast here. Let’s eat together,” said Meng Dajiang. “This quantity is enough to fill our stomachs.”

Yan Jin nodded as well. He sat beside Meng Chuan and started eating. Meng Chuan ate some porridge and buns.

“There are meat buns, white steamed buns, and huge pancakes,” cried out Meng Dajiang enthusiastically. He drank the porridge and ate the pancakes rather slowly as though he wasn’t in a rush.

“What do the two of you plan on doing today?” Liu Yebai was in a good mood. He smiled and asked, “Do you want to head out and take in the sights of Archean City?”

Meng Chuan said, “I looked at the Archean City map on my bookshelf after I woke up. It’s too big. There are many places that offer shopping and entertainment. I doubt one can explore the entire city in months. I’d rather cultivate at the guild hall.”

“I’ll also cultivate at the guild hall,” Yan Jin said.

“Alright, alright, you guys cultivate. The two of us will go out for a walk,” Liu Yebai said with a smile.

Soon, both Meng Chuan and Yan Jin were full. At that moment, Meng Dajiang began to eat faster. He gobbled down the buns and slurped down the pot of porridge that had been warmed up.

Yan Jin’s eyelids twitched when he saw this. He couldn’t help but glance at Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan didn’t eat much, but his father could really eat!

“I don’t like to waste food.” Meng Dajiang chuckled as he stood up. “Both of you cultivate well. We’ll be heading out.”

Liu Yebai left the courtyard together with him. The two of them leisurely strolled around Wu State Guild Hall. The guild hall was huge, and the views were beautiful.

“You didn’t have your fill, am I right?” Liu Yebai teased Meng Dajiang.

“The battle with the demons yesterday consumed too much of my sanguine aura. I need to replenish it by eating,” said Meng Dajiang. “Let’s find a place to eat. We’ll get an entire pig and goat.”

“Sure.” Liu Yebai nodded.

“Right, regarding the awakening of the phoenix bloodline in Qiyue, I’m afraid the Liu family has learned about it,” said Meng Dajiang.

“Humph, I have been avoiding them all these years, but things are different now. My daughter has awakened a phoenix bloodline and even entered Archean Mountain. What am I to fear now?” Liu Yebai scoffed. “Even if the Liu family knows about it, they have to come and beg me obediently.”

“Are you planning on going back?” Meng Dajiang asked.

“Unless they return Elephant Goat Mountain to my lineage, I will not go back unless I die.” Liu Yebai’s face had a hint of disdain. “They will say all kinds of nice things and beg me, but when it comes to returning Elephant Goat Mountain? Impossible. Only when my daughter is conferred the title of marquis will the Liu family truly bow their heads. They will even obediently offer Elephant Goat Mountain on a platter.”

“Marquis-conferment?” Meng Dajiang nodded slightly. “That will be very difficult.”

It was very difficult.

A marquis was one of the most powerful figures in the Wu State. An expert with a Phoenix Divine Body would bring greater levels of intimidation! The Liu family would most likely be willing to invite Liu Qiyue to be the leader of the family clan then.

“Let’s not talk about these irritating matters. Let’s head out and get some food for you.” Liu Yebai said.

...

In the Wu State Guild Hall, Meng Chuan cultivated like usual. However, without the guards and servants to assist him, he was only able to train his Saber Drawing Stance alone.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The aqueous saber slashed across the sky, but it did not cause any shockwaves. At his level, air resistance was no longer a problem due to the influence of the Heaven and Earth powers.

He executed his saber techniques over and over again.

In the past, Meng Chuan needed guards to fire arrows at him. Firstly, it was to hone his accuracy, and secondly, it was to ensure that he was getting faster with every strike.

But, Meng Chuan now discovered that his training wasn’t greatly affected even without his guards’ help.

His hundred-foot perception domain was able to casually lock onto a speck of dust that floated in the air! He could then cleave it. He would be able to train his accuracy using this method. Unfortunately—although the dust particles were small—they moved too slowly, making it not too difficult.

As for the variation of his saber art speed? That was no longer a concern. With his perception domain, the speed of each strike was very precise, allowing him to judge his striking speed clearly.

As a result, without any guards, he only suffered a slight drop in efficiency. He could still hone his accuracy and speed.

He ate lunch with Yan Jin. As for Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai, they didn’t return from their gallivanting.

After his cultivation ended, Meng Chuan used the well water from the courtyard to wash himself. After changing clothes, he sat at the desk in the room and started to draw.

Meng Chuan had gotten the guild hall’s staff to buy the materials needed for painting early in the morning. Naturally, he paid for it.

Eastcalm Prefecture.

As he looked at the snow-white canvas, his heart was filled with thoughts of his hometown—Eastcalm Prefecture. He held the brush in his hand, but he hesitated.

He felt a lot more stifled. From the demon invasion yesterday morning until now, everything he had experienced touched something deep within him.

He had experienced it once when he was a six-year-old child. He only had the role of a fugitive then. Now at the age of eighteen, he had participated in the battle at Eastcalm Prefecture. His feelings were completely different.

As he was deep in thought, the intense emotions in him burst out. Ignoring everything else, he started painting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 - Facing the Morning Sun (2\/2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With a stroke of his brush, Meng Chuan drew the World Entrance in the middle of the painting. A dense horde of demons poured out from the World Entrance and spread in all directions.

He slowly painted, starting with a rough outline.

He focused on one of the demons on the periphery of the spreading horde. It was a mantis demon. He drew it extremely carefully because it was the demon that had left the deepest impression on him when he was six.

...

While painting, the translucent tiny person in his glabella space began to emit a spiritual light. After all these years—ever since painting “People Resonance”—this was the second time it underwent transformations.

...

He immersed himself in his painting, mainly focusing on the mantis demon and its pursuit of his family of three.

The father ran while carrying the child. The mother charged at the mantis demon with a sword.

Just this scene alone took him more than two hours to finish, and this was only one corner of the giant canvas.

When he stopped painting, Meng Chuan realized the changes in his glabella space.

The tiny person in my glabella space is glowing? He was surprised, but the spiritual glow gradually weakened.

The appearance of this glabella space really has something to do with my painting. Meng Chuan was very surprised. When he was 16 years old, he had painted “People Resonance.” It was also his best painting after all these years. That night, he had discovered the glabella space followed by the Power of the Soul. But at that time, he wasn’t completely certain that it was related to painting.

It could have been a coincidence.

The intense emotions he had while painting this time were no less than when he was painting “People Resonance.” The glowing of the tiny person in his glabella space convinced him—

it had something to do with painting!

I’ve never heard of anyone producing the mysterious Power of the Soul via painting? After pondering for a long time, Meng Chuan still couldn’t figure it out. Forget it. Once I enter Archean Mountain, I’ll definitely find out why.

At the very least, the Power of the Soul was of great help to him.

...

From this day onwards, Meng Chuan’s intense emotions fully fused into the painting. This painting also took up a lot of time. He would paint for as little as two hours up to six hours a day.

After spending more than six months on the canvas, he finally finished.

It was a set of paintings—a total of three separate pieces.

The first one was 16 feet long. In the middle of the painting was a dense horde of demons appearing at the World Entrance. They spread out in every direction. Demons committed carnage everywhere. There were parents who wanted to protect their children, but they were stabbed by a demon’s sharp tail.

There was a scene depicting corpses everywhere. A child stood there crying while an elder faced the demons in battle. There was also a father running with his child on his back while the mother fought off the demons using a sword...

Meng Chuan drew a total of thirty-eight scenes. Every scene clearly depicted the appearances of demons and humans. They were all scenes he had personally experienced or seen with his own eyes. Every time he drew, the flames in his heart burned even brighter.

...

In the periphery—some distance away from the demons—Dao Academy disciples, merchants, and ordinary pedestrians were all panicking.

...

At the outer perimeter, stood three Godfiends at Jadesun Palace, ready for battle.

There were other places.

In a Dao Academy, the weaker disciples entered the tunnels, while the stronger disciples watched the approaching demons with either determined or nervous looks. Under the guidance of their dean and lecturers, the veterans prepared them for battle.

Without exception, the weak—regardless of their status—lined up to enter the tunnels.

The powerful—regardless of gender or age—stood alongside each other as they braced for battle.

...

The sun in the painting had just risen, indicating that the demon invasion was at dawn.

This was only the first painting.

The second painting was about 18 feet long. It was much more cruel and bloody.

The center of the painting depicted corpses, a result of the demons’ targeting. They consisted of men, women, and children. Some were youths dressed in Dao Academy robes.

Battles erupted everywhere.

A human warrior held a shield to resist the demons while another human warrior shot arrows from afar. A human’s abdomen had been stabbed but he continued hugging the demon tightly as another companion slashed open the demon’s head with a saber.

Some humans successfully killed demons thanks to the traps they set up. However, more demons charged over from the sides. There was a father and son duo who worked together to deal with demons. There were veteran soldiers dealing with the demons.

...

Meng Chuan had personally witnessed all these tragic scenes. They were very common scenes during the demon invasion in Eastcalm Prefecture. He drew them based on his memory. He drew the determination in the eyes of those who chose to perish with the demons, while their companions continued the battle in pain...

Why are they working so hard? Meng Chuan had once been puzzled. But during his painting process, he realized why when he drew out each living person.

They did it for hope.

They did it for the sake of their loved ones and hope—the hope to still see the sun rise again.

They needed to work hard to ensure that their family survived.

...

He drew the scene of the Blazing Sun Dao Academy trying its best as the demons charged into Blazing Sun Castle. The veterans, soldiers, and youths desperately defended, using their lives as a wall between the demons and the weaker juniors who were hiding in the tunnels.

...

A Godfiend family clan was also fighting desperately. Elders charged ahead to fend off the demons. The young ones and youths also fought. A bald elder led the charge only to have his chest impaled by a tentacle. Yet, he managed to kill the demon with one saber strike.

...

The Godfiends at Jadesun Palace were also fighting desperately. A Godfiend had already collapsed and a female Godfiend struggled to hold on. Only the last male Godfiend fought the four demon monarchs.

They only had one Godfiend—who could still fight—left, but it was a desperate battle.

It was also for hope.

...

The sun of another painting rose a little higher.

The entire painting depicted fighting everywhere. This took Meng Chuan three months.

...

The third painting was 16 feet long. The situation on the battlefield reversed. People from all directions began attacking the demons as the demons fled in panic.

All the demons were fleeing. They were terrified. They looked to be in sorry states as they were slain one by one. They frantically charged towards the World Entrance in the middle. It was where they came from, and now, it was their salvation.

Meanwhile, in the periphery, a sword beam descended from the sky to slay a demon monarch in Jadesun Palace while the other demon monarchs fled pathetically.

In the Dao Academy, everyone was treating their heavily injured companions. There were adults and youths who were seriously injured.

People had also died in combat, people of both genders and all ages. Some were very beautiful, or very old and haggard. People wept sadly for the dead heroes.

Everywhere—ordinary residences, restaurants, tea houses, Godfiend family clans, and so on—began to treat the injured and move the human corpses.

As for the numerous demon corpses scattered everywhere, people couldn’t be bothered to look at them. They were mostly taking care of the injured and grieving for the dead.

Although the battle was won, there was no joy in the entire painting. Instead, one could feel battle intent coming from it. It was a strong battle intent! Heroes had died, but the living would continue to advance and fight, never stopping.

The sun rose even higher in the east.

The colors of this painting were the brightest among the three.

...

After Meng Chuan finished painting, he fell silent for a long time. Finally, he wrote four words on the last painting: “Facing the Morning Sun.” He didn’t have a name for the first and second painting.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 - Arrival (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After writing the words “Facing the Morning Sun,” Meng Chuan scrutinized the three paintings that had been set on the table.

He had found painting these three paintings for the past six months cathartic. From the moment he laid down his brush, he had felt aggrieved, angry, and confused. After all, many people had died in Eastcalm Prefecture that fateful day. He had seen many massacres.

But after the painting was done, his heart had become calm. However, deep within the calm, sea-like heart, there was an unshakable desire to do battle! Countless humans had fought the demons over the generations, because of hope. For the sake of hope, for their loved ones and children, all of them were willing to risk their lives. Mortals were willing to risk their lives and it was likewise for Godfiends.

I won’t be rash. I will try my best to become stronger. I’ll become a Godfiend, a powerful Godfiend. One day, we humans will defeat the demons completely.

No one could stop the morning sun’s eventual rise.

Creak.

Meng Chuan pushed open the door and entered the courtyard. The setting sun dyed the western sky red.

Sitting in the courtyard, Meng Chuan inspected his glabella space. The tiny figure in his glabella space wasn’t as translucent as before, and was much more corporeal.

I have the Power of the Soul. It resulted from painting. Ordinary paintings are useless, only People Resonance and Facing the Morning Sun started the metamorphosis. During the two years after I drew People Resonance, I’ve been painting every day with my emotions completely submerged into them, but no changes to my soul occurred. Clearly, it’s not easy to sublimate my soul.

My soul has turned corporeal, but the domain remains a hundred feet wide. My perception range is still half a kilometer. Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled. I’ll try my saber arts.

With a thought, Meng Chuan immediately activated the Power of the Soul. It seamlessly fused with the Quintessential Essence in his body, immediately increasing his control over his body to insane levels. With a single move, he charged forward thirty feet, then slashed out with his saber! The aqueous saber beam traveled through the air, but it didn’t stir the wind. The mere sight of his actions—with the naked eye—was enough to make the heart palpitate.

There’s no difference in the Power of the Soul. My strength is the same as before. Meng Chuan continued to use his saber arts.

Saber beams lit up in the courtyard. Every strike was unleashed with all his might!

Fifth move, sixth move, seventh move... Meng Chuan kept attacking as his heart filled with joy. He realized that he had a lot more Power of the Soul than before.

The sixteenth move! After the sixteenth strike, he realised that his Power of the Soul was nearly depleted. He couldn’t deliver another full power strike again.

He revealed a smile as he stood in the courtyard. The changes to the soul doesn’t have anything to do concerning strength amplifications. Instead, the Power of the Soul increased in quantity. In the past, I could only deliver five maximum strength strikes, but now I can go up to sixteen strikes.

...

In the yard next door, Yan Jin held both swords as he stared ahead. He seemed to see that cold, muscular man, as well as the Heavenly Tribulation Sword that had swept across the sky.

Yan Jin’s goal was to defeat that man. However, after having seen the Heavenly Tribulation Sword—one that was merely a sword mark, meaning that its power was only 10% of the actual Heavenly Tribulation Sword’s—Yan Jin became acutely aware how powerful that man was.

“I’ll defeat you.” Yan Jin once again swung his sword, his eyes bore into the cold, stocky man in front of him.

...

Days passed as Meng Chuan and Yan Jin cultivated every day. During this period, Liu Qiyue would occasionally send letters, one to her father and one to Meng Chuan.

In the blink of an eye, it was winter and it was December.

It first snowed on 18th December, three days before the Archean Mountain entrance examination.

Whoosh. Whoosh. Whoosh.

Meng Chuan repeated the Saber Drawing Stance over and over again.

With a slash, the Heaven and Earth powers he stirred would envelop a range of 1000 feet. He could sense everything within a thousand feet.

My Saber Force has been cultivated to its peak.

Force could stir the Heaven and Earth powers. Upon reaching the limit, one could use the Heaven and Earth powers to sense everything that was enveloped by the Heaven and Earth powers one had stirred! This was a domain formed by Saber Force.

However, there was a flaw in this domain. If one used the Heaven and Earth powers to sense objects, their senses would be blurred when facing an opponent who could also influence the Heaven and Earth powers. However, at such a level, one would be even more powerful when using their body’s potential and Quintessential Essence.

With his current strength, Meng Chuan was roughly 50% stronger than at the beginning of the year.

Once Saber Force reaches its peak, the next step is to form Saber Intent, but how do I form Saber Intent? Meng Chuan pondered.

Saber Intent was the third realm of saber arts. The difficulty of attaining Saber Intent was even greater than becoming a Godfiend. This was because the conditions to become Godfiends were to comprehend Force, condense a core, and transcend the Life-and-Death juncture! Thus, most newly-advanced Godfiends were only in the Force realm.

Grandaunt told me that she reached the Intent realm at the age of fifty despite becoming a Godfiend at the age of thirty-five. This is also the highest realm she reached. Fairy Meng was considered fast. There were records that mentioned many newly-advanced Godfiends had only managed to form Intent when they were above eighty years of age. Some reached the Intent realm when they were centenarians.

Those that were able to become Godfiends were all extraordinary. However, it was extremely difficult for them to comprehend Intent. Many ended up stuck in the Force realm for many years.

I’ll take it slow. Three days from now, it will be the Archean Mountain entrance examination. After being accepted, I will receive their guidance. There should be a better cultivation method for Saber Intent in the books available at Archean Mountain.

Aim for the skies; not doing so will only result in mediocrity. If he wanted to comprehend intent, he needed to do it in Archean Mountain. To comprehend intent through trial and error would be too slow.

Suddenly, he heard someone call him.

“Chuan’er, Young Master Yan, the people from Wu State have arrived,” Meng Dajiang shouted loudly.

The people from Wu State are here? Meng Chuan put away his saber and walked out of his room, and Yan Jin did the same.

Meng Chuan and Yan Jin both looked into the distance and saw a giant fiery-red bird swoop down from above. On top of it was a large group of people—seated in the lotus position. They landed at the guild hal’s main entrance.

“Let’s take a look.” Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai called out to them.

Meng Chuan and Yan Jin followed them.

When they arrived at the main hall of Wu State Guild Hall, a large group of people also arrived. Leading them was none other than the modest and refined Marquis Southcloud.

Meng Chuan and company attracted the attention of many the moment they entered.

“That’s Meng Chuan.”

“He killed two demon commanders in a row.” People secretly sent voice transmissions to each other.

Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Liu Yebai, and Meng Dajiang bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Lord Marquis.”

Meng Chuan also noticed that there were ten youths in the hall. Almost all of them were accompanied by older people. These were all the Wu State geniuses that were participating in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination.

“Good.” Marquis Southcloud smiled and nodded.

“Twelve people from our Wu State will be taking part in the Archean Mountain entrance examination,” said Marquis Southcloud with a smile. “These two are from Eastcalm Prefecture. One is called Meng Chuan, and the other is Yan Jin. They came to Archean City a few months ago. All of you can familiarize yourselves with each other. Also, in three days, on 21st December, the Archean Mountain entrance examination will be held. I’ll bring you there early that morning, so make sure that you are present.”

“Yes.” Everyone acknowledged respectfully.

Marquis Southcloud’s status was far higher than theirs. If it weren’t for the fact he had to escort these geniuses, it wouldn’t be easy for these geniuses to meet him.

“Young Master Meng, I am Wang Buyu of the Wang family in Wu City.” An elegant scion immediately ran over and smiled. “I heard that you killed two demon commanders one after another? I’ve always wanted to meet you after I learned of this news, Young Master Meng. I’ve finally gotten to meet you today.”

“Young Master Wang,” Meng Chuan greeted politely.

The elders left to choose their accommodations. The youths began to talk with each other.

“This is bad. Our Wu State sent twelve people. The entire Great Zhou Dynasty has 23 states! There are also many geniuses in the capital and Archean City. Yet, Archean Mountain only recruits 20 people. If we split them evenly, some states don’t even get a spot!” A young man and his companions talked poignantly through voice transmissions. “There’s also a group of geniuses with extraordinary strength like Meng Chuan. It’s impossible to pass the entrance examination in three days.”

“Archean Mountain’s assessment is multifaceted. We might stand a chance,” said his smiling companion via voice transmission.

...

After getting to know one another, the group of youths went back to their own rooms and began to prepare for the Archean Mountain entrance examination. This entrance examination would affect their future.

Final Chapter of Volume—Battle of Eastcalm Prefecture

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 - The Day of the Test
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Early morning of 21st December.

Meng Chuan sat in bed and gently caressed his blade that was cold and sharp to the touch.

“My twelve years of cultivation has been for this very day,” Meng Chuan murmured softly. The day for the Archean Mountain entrance examination was finally here. He had been waiting a long time for this day to come.

Meng Chuan thought of many people at that very moment. His father, mother, grandaunt, clan leader, Third Elder, and many other clan elders hoped that he could enter Archean Mountain.

...

In a nearby room, Meng Dajiang stared at a painting hanging on the wall. It was a painting of his wife.

The day has finally come. Meng Dajiang looked at the portrait. I’ve done all I can. I sparked Chuan’er’s interest in the saber. I sparred with him. I found a suitable Dao Academy teacher for him. The credits I’ve accumulated over the past few years have been exchanged for Chuan’er’s Iceheart Fruit. I’ve done whatever I can!

I, Meng Dajiang, am a mediocre person, but the son I’ve raised is my greatest pride! Nianyun, our son will definitely enter Archean Mountain. Meng Dajiang was equally nervous.

Suddenly, they heard a voice from outside. “Young Master Meng, Young Master Yan, Lord Marquis has summoned everyone. They are preparing to set off.”

We’re setting off? Meng Dajiang wiped the corners of his eyes and walked out of his house. He immediately shouted, “Chuan’er, Chuan’er, we’re leaving.”

Creak.

Meng Chuan walked out from his own room, his saber by the waist. He smiled at his father. “Let’s go.”

Meng Chuan, Meng Dajiang, and Yan Jin gathered at Wu State Guild Hall’s lobby.

Although it had snowed yesterday, the snow inside the guild hall yards had long been cleared. Only the trees and rooftops were left covered in snow.

“Young Master Meng.”

“Young Master Yan.” Everyone in the lobby greeted them.

Out of the twelve young adults, only Yan Jin was alone. The others had elders accompanying them.

“Everyone is here. Let’s set off now.” Marquis Southcloud entered the lobby and did a sweeping glance. Everyone followed when he walked out.

Within a spacious garden at the guild hall, a fiery red bird stood waiting. One by one, they leaped onto the bird’s back.

Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, and Meng Dajiang sat in a corner on the bird’s back.

“Let’s go,” said Marquis Southcloud.

The fiery-red bird immediately flew up. From above, one could see every street and gorgeous building in Archean City. It was quite the unique experience.

...

Meanwhile, at Eastcalm Prefecture’s Meng family.

In the ancestral hall, Fairy Meng was kneeling on a prayer mat. She pressed her palms together in anticipation.

“Ancestors, please bless us. Please bless our Meng family’s descendant, Meng Chuan. Please let him pass the Archean Mountain entrance examination and be admitted into Archean Mountain.” Fairy Meng’s pale face wore a hint of death. The demon invasion had hurt her too much. Her body was on the verge of collapse. If it weren’t for her strong obsession, she wouldn’t have survived until today.

Meng Chuan was the Meng family’s hope. If she died, Meng Chuan would be the future pillar of support.

Thus, she waited for news of Meng Chuan’s admission into Archean Mountain. Only then could she rest in peace.

...

Ah Chuan. On a mountain peak on Archean Mountain, Liu Qiyue was distracted while reading a book. She looked at the vast sea of clouds through the window, feeling a little nervous. Ah Chuan is going to take the entrance examination today, right? He will definitely pass!

...

The Archean Mountain entrance examination is today, 21st December. Will he be admitted into Archean Mountain? Yun Qingping couldn’t help but have such thoughts arise in her as she practiced her swordplay in the morning. She then shook her head. Why think about this? She continued practicing her swordplay.

...

Meng Chuan and company sat on the fiery-red bird’s back. The bird flew at a height of 1000 feet. It wasn’t fast, and it allowed its riders to enjoy the view of Archean City. The bird flew dozens of kilometers before slowly descending. It landed near a vast palace. On the palace’s front door, there were three large words: Blazing Sun Palace.

“Let’s go.” After Marquis Southcloud transported Meng Chuan and company to their destination, he softly instructed his mount. The fiery bird soared into the sky and flew towards Archean Mountain.

“Everyone, follow me,” said a steward—who had accompanied them—of the Wu State Guild Hall. “Lord Marquis has matters to attend to. All you need to do is follow me.”

The steward smiled and said, “Blazing Sun Palace is a side area of Archean Mountain. Every year, the Archean Mountain entrance examination’s registration is held here. Of course, our guild hall has already registered the twelve geniuses of Wu State. Everyone, please follow me inside. I estimate that in an hour, the Archean Mountain Godfiends will come. The test will officially begin when that happens.”

“Thank you, Steward Wang.” Immediately, some of the clan elders went over to strike up conversations.

Meng Chuan and company entered the Blazing Sun Palace together.

A square could be seen after passing through the palace doors. There were already many youths in the palace square, with many elders and servants by their side.

“Oh?” Many people looked over when they entered.

“It’s people from the Wu State. The person wearing a deep blue robe with a saber by his waist is called Meng Chuan. It’s said that he killed a demon commander with a single slash and did it twice in a row. He is extremely strong,” said a purple-dressed woman after taking a look. “There are twenty admission spots for Archean Mountain, so he probably has one spot. Also, the white-robed young man beside him is much more powerful than ordinary Core Condensation experts. Furthermore, he’s also King Calm Sea’s seventh son.”

“King Calm Sea’s seventh son? Are you sure?” asked a tall man beside her in surprise.

“How could the princess’s intelligence be wrong?” Another golden-robed youth laughed.

“This was originally a secret, but after King Calm Sea’s sword mark saved the entire Eastcalm Prefecture, the imperial family found out that King Calm Sea’s mysterious seventh son had gone to Eastcalm Prefecture under the alias Yan Jin,” said the purple-robed woman “You don’t need to worry too much about it. Archean Mountain’s entrance examination doesn’t care about background, only strength and potential. This time, there are many geniuses that pose quite a threat—Wu State’s Meng Chuan, Jiang State’s Ning Yibo... The very famous ones already roughly account for ten people, and there might be people who hid their strength. Perhaps there are some who have broken through. Even I’m not confident of securing a spot.”

“Princess, your archery is the best in the imperial capital amongst the younger generation. You will definitely be admitted into Archean Mountain,” praised the golden-robed youth.

...

Meng Chuan’s group naturally waited together.

Suddenly, there was a commotion outside the palace.

A red-robed youth walked in barefoot. A group of people followed behind him. Five of them had terrifying auras. Clearly, they were Godfiends.

“There’s no need to follow me. What’s the point of following me?” said the red-robed youth impatiently.

“Haha, Tong’er, you are participating in Archean Mountain’s test today. We are all very concerned, so we would like to watch.”

“As your granduncle, I want to see you get admitted into Archean Mountain.” The elders behind him all chuckled.

The red-robed youth was helpless as well. Behind him were his parents, grandparents, and a few other clansmen with extremely high status in the family clan.

“That’s Yan Chitong, the number one genius of Archean City. He’s the only son of Marquis West Sea. He’s extremely talented. He comprehended Force despite only being thirteen this year! Since he’s very young, even if he’s ranked outside of the top twenty, Archean Mountain might admit him.”

“I hope he ranks past twenty! He’s only thirteen years old. Why is he competing with us?”

“The Yan family has one king, one marquis, and nearly twenty Godfiends. Now that another genius has been produced, it’s truly a joyous occasion...” The descendants of ancient Godfiend family clans all sighed in amazement. Even large family clans in the imperial capital and Archean City would look up to the Yan family!

Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang pricked up their ears to listen.

They weren’t privy to a lot of intelligence. They hadn’t heard of many geniuses. After all, the Meng family was only an ordinary Godfiend family clan in Eastcalm Prefecture. The matriarch of the family clan, Fairy Meng, hadn’t been admitted into Archean Mountain. It was normal for them to be ignorant.

As time passed, more and more people gathered in the square. It was especially so for the locals of Archean City. Many of them were accompanied by three to five elders.

Boom!

Finally, the doors of Blazing Sun Palace closed. People were barred from entering after the appointed time.

It’s about to begin. The three hundred-plus youths felt their hearts tighten.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 - Imperial Capitals Chu Yong
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“The Godfiends are here!” someone exclaimed.

Meng Chuan, Meng Dajiang, and Yan Jin raised their heads and saw three streaks of light fly over. They could barely make out the three figures flying towards them. The leader was a linen-clothed man. Behind him were a cyan-clothed woman and a sloppy man.

Huh? Meng Chuan and Yan Jin felt stabbing pain in their eyes. Their heartbeats quickened, and their lifeblood turned unstable. They hurriedly looked down, afraid of looking straight at them.

None of the mortals dared to take another look. Meng Dajiang also lowered his head slightly.

“Flight with just the body?”

“These three can actually fly with their bodies. Only Marquis Godfiends can fly.”

“Every Archean Mountain entrance examination would have a Regis Godfiend and two Marquis Godfiends presiding and managing it. The one leading the group is King East River!” As the bustling crowd lowered their heads, they conversed via voice transmissions. One could release their Quintessential Energy to transmit voice transmissions once they were in the Force realm. Most of the people present were capable of sending voice transmissions.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The three Archean Mountain Godfiends landed at another spot in Blazing Sun Palace.

“Everyone, King East River and the two Godfiends have arrived.” There were some stewards inside the Blazing Sun Palace as well. One of them, a goateed man, loudly said, “All who are participating in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination, line up according to the names I call out. The first one is Dragoncloud State’s Wu Chang. Second, Jiang State’s Zhang Ping. Third...”

Names were called out one by one. Youths lined up as their names were called.

“87th, Wu State’s Meng Chuan.”

After hearing that, Meng Dajiang immediately said, “It’s your turn now, hurry over.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan immediately ran to the back of the long line.

“88th, Archean City’s Qi Chou.” Another young man stood behind Meng Chuan.

...

A total of 312 people were participating in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination this year.

“All of you, follow me.” said the goateed man loudly. He walked ahead, and the three hundred-plus geniuses followed him obediently. Be it princes or princesses, children of Regis Godfiends, or extremely talented geniuses, all of them followed the rules. When they saw the auras of the Regis Godfiend and the two Marquis Godfiends, they had felt the astonishing difference in strength.

Just a glance from a distance caused their lifeblood to become chaotic. This made them even more eager to become Godfiends.

After they left the square, they passed through a palace door.

They arrived at a small palace yard, where a group of Godfiends were seated in the distance. The Godfiends who had escorted the geniuses from the twenty-three states of the Great Zhou Dynasty—such as Marquis Southcloud and the others—were all chatting and laughing. King East River—who was in charge of presiding over the entrance examination—was seated at the seat of honor while the other two Marquis Godfiends were seated to his sides.

King East River was dressed in linen clothes. He restrained his aura, making him appear like an ordinary person. However, his bearing was dissimilar to a mortal’s.

“Marquis West Sea, your son comprehended Force at the age of thirteen. His talent can be said to be extremely high! He can be given an additional spot and directly enter Archean Mountain. Why did he participate in the test?” King East River laughed.

Marquis West Sea—who was seated beside him—immediately laughed and said, “Senior Brother, that kid of mine has always had a mind of his own. Two months ago, he comprehended Force and insisted on participating in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. He said that he was going to compete with all the elites in the world. This kid didn’t think through it. He has just comprehended Force, and his competitors are far older than him. Most of them are at higher cultivation realms and have richer battle experience than him. Isn’t he just seeking trouble for himself? But he still insisted on coming.”

“It’s good to broaden his horizons.” King East River smiled as he swept his gaze across the three hundred-plus geniuses walking over. His face changed slightly.

“Humph.” King East River suddenly let out a cold snort—it was as if thunder was echoing out in all directions of the palace yard.

The three hundred-plus people were shocked. Even the Godfiends were astonished.

“Our Archean Mountain limits participants’ age to twenty years old or younger,” said King East River. “Among the 312 of you, one of you has already exceeded twenty years of age. If you step out obediently, you will be punished lightly. If I catch you, I believe you will regret it for the rest of your life.”

“Exceed twenty?” Meng Chuan and company broke out in a commotion.

Suddenly, two youths walked out of the group. The two exchanged glances, both stunned.

One of them bowed respectfully in the direction of the Godfiends. “I am Yu Wanfeng from the Chang State. I was an orphan that was later adopted by the Yu family. I don’t know my true age either.”

The other youth said respectfully, “I am Tian Gu from the An State. When I was a child, my hometown was invaded by demons and I wandered the land. I was young back then, and I don’t know my exact age either. When the Tian family adopted me, they decided that I was five years old.”

“An State’s Tian Gu, you are twenty-one years old,” said King East River. “You have exceeded the limit and it’s against the rules of Archean Mountain. Since you’ve admitted it, go serve in the military for ten years.”

“Yes.” The youth bowed respectfully.

Normally, military service lasted five years.

However, some took the initiative to extend their military service. For example, Meng Dajiang had been in military service for ten years. The dean of Mirror Lake Dao Academy, Ge Yu, had spent twelve years in Qinyang Pass before he had created his saber art. Therefore, serving in the military for ten years was considered a slap on the wrist. This was also due to the fact that the other party had taken the initiative to step forward, and had been a vagrant during his childhood.

Regis Godfiends can tell the age of all three hundred of us at a glance? Meng Chuan was secretly surprised. He knew that Archean Mountain had the means to assess the participants’ ages, but he had never expected that it took only a glance from a Godfiend.

Tian Gu from the An State obediently left. He had no right to participate in the entrance examination.

As for Yu Wanfeng, he was somewhat glad. Clearly, his actual age had not exceeded the limits.

...

311 youths stood there, while a large group of relatives entered the palace. However, there were railings blocking them from approaching.

“Everyone.” The sloppy-looking man seated next to King East River rose to his feet. He took a few steps forward, then looked at the geniuses before saying with a laugh, “Archean Mountain’s entrance examination is held over two days. Today is the preliminary selection, and tomorrow will be the final selection.”

“The preliminaries are divided into three segments. Every segment requires one to reach the minimum threshold. Those who can’t reach the threshold will be eliminated immediately. After the three segments, an overall score will be tabulated. The top 100 will pass the preliminaries, and the rest will all be eliminated.”

“The first segment of the preliminaries...” The sloppy-looking man flicked his sleeve, and layers of light appeared in front of him. These light barriers were a hundred feet long, three hundred feet wide, and an inch thick. There were approximately two hundred of these dense light barriers.

“According to your order, each of you will use your full strength to attack me. Remember, you are not allowed to use forbidden Godfiend spells. The more barriers you break through, the better the result. The lowest requirement is twenty barriers. If you aren’t able to break through twenty barriers, you will be eliminated. Let’s begin.” The sloppy-looking man stood there, easily controlling the light barriers.

“First up, Dragoncloud State’s Wu Chang,” announced the goateed man immediately.

A dark-skinned youth came forward solemnly. He drew his thick saber, took a step forward, and chopped down furiously. Instantly, a black saber beam cleaved the light barriers with a furious roar, causing the light barriers to be penetrated.

“37 layers. Next, Jiang State’s Zhang Ping,” shouted the goateed man.

...

Each person only had one chance and could only use one move. Grievances about not performing up to mark was useless. In a life-and-death battle with demons, there were no retries.

“29 layers. Next, Imperial Capital’s Chu Yong.” This person’s name attracted the attention of many people.

“Imperial Capital’s Chu Yong?” Meng Chuan also paid more attention. Although he didn’t know much about all the geniuses in the world, he had heard of Chu Yong. He was recognized as the number one genius of the imperial capital’s younger generation. Seven years ago, his name had already spread throughout the world. He had also joined the Archean Mountain’s test this year.

The tall Chu Yong wore black robes and carried a large saber on his back. He immediately drew his saber, and his body was covered by black lightning. The terrifying might alarmed all the geniuses present as they felt a sense of oppression.

Meng Chuan was also alarmed. The pressure this person exuded was even stronger than those demon commanders.

“Open!” He shouted like thunder.

The saber struck the light barriers with black lightning. Boom—

The light barriers were instantly destroyed, leaving only a small number intact.

“191!” shouted the goateed man loudly. The crowd was in an uproar. There were already fifty-three geniuses who had their turn. None of them tore through the hundredth layer, but Chu Yong had managed 191 layers! The difference was indeed astonishing.

Everyone present stared at him.

This was too shocking.

Many spectating relatives were shocked as well. Only a one-eyed elder was laughing. “Haha, that’s my grandson. How’s my grandson? Say something!”

What a powerful strike. Meng Dajiang was amazed as well. He had prided himself over his son, but the power of this strike still shocked him. This was a strike that could match a newly-advanced Godfiend. He was terrifying even without using a forbidden Godfiend spell!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 - Meng Chuans Turn
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan was also impressed by Chu Yong. It was no wonder he was so famous. He was indeed very strong!

After Chu Yong executed his slash, he calmly retracted his saber and turned around to leave. A new genius stepped forward and pierced through the 32nd layer with his sword.

One by one, geniuses executed one move. Each one of them was extremely attentive whenever it was their turn to attack the light barriers.

“Next Yan Feng from Yuan State,” shouted the goateed man.

No one present really cared about him.

Yan Feng was tall and handsome; he had a unique pair of blood-red eyebrows. He was a man, but had the feminine name “Feng,” meaning phoenix.

As he held his black spear, the red tassels on its grip fluttered.

“Break!” Yan Feng suddenly charged forward. After three steps, he thrust his spear forward.

The spear shot out like a dragon! It transformed into a wyrm that pierced through the light barriers, creating a huge hole. His result was very close to Chu Yong, causing everyone present to be shocked.

“182 layers!” The goateed man’s voice was high-pitched as he carefully observed the red-browed man.

“Yan Feng?”

“Yuan State’s Yan Feng? Where did he come from? Why is he so strong?”

“Over 70 geniuses have attacked the light barriers, but only two—Chu Yong and Yan Feng—can break a hundred light barriers. The former cleaved through 191 layers, and the latter pierced through 182 layers. They are much stronger than the others.” Many people were speechless.

Even the Godfiends found it unbelievable.

“Brother Gongsun, your Yuan State was too secretive. There are very few records of this Yan Feng on Archean Mountain. He was treated as an ordinary genius,” said a Godfiend with a laugh as he looked at the dossier. When they came to watch the competition, they received a dossier. It recorded every geniuses’—that were present—information.

“I really didn’t know.” Gongsun Qi laughed as well. “You might not believe me, but according to what I know, Yan Feng is from an ordinary mortal family and not from a Godfiend family clan. When he was twelve years old, his hometown was invaded by demons, and his parents died. From then on, he wandered the world... He’s nineteen this year. When he returned to his hometown, he displayed his strength and came to participate in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination.”

“How can a mortal from an ordinary family produce such strength? His Godfiend body is comparable to Chu Yong’s. The Chu family used eight precious treasures to nurture Chu Yong.”

Everyone discussed.

Marquis Southcloud laughed. “I remember that 3000 years ago, Godfiend Kou Cheng had consumed Undying Grass when he was a youth, and his eyebrows turned blood-red. Yan Feng’s eyebrows are also blood-red. Could it be that he has also consumed Undying Grass?”

“Undying Grass? A single portion of Undying Grass is indeed capable of forging an incomparably robust Godfiend foundation.” King East River nodded.

“To have Undying Grass directly consumed by a mortal is quite a waste. It only allows for 30% of its medicinal effects to be utilized.”

“Yan Feng’s strike is quite extraordinary. He’s already reached the peak of Spear Force and is only a step away from gaining insights into Spear Intent. It wouldn’t be a waste for him to consume the Undying Grass.” These powerful Godfiends casually commented. Most of them were Marquis Godfiends. They were here to watch the competition only because they had to escort the geniuses from their respective states.

They didn’t care about ordinary geniuses. They hoped that a truly peerless genius would appear and fight alongside them in the future.

...

After Yan Feng, seven more people went up before it was finally Meng Chuan’s turn.

“33rd layer. Next one, Wu State’s Meng Chuan,” the goateed man shouted. Many gazes landed on Meng Chuan.

In the eyes of some people, Meng Chuan was one of the top ten youths at this year’s entrance examination. There was only one well-known achievement to his name: Killing two demon commanders in a row with one strike each!

Marquis Southcloud sat and watched from afar.

Chuan’er . Meng Dajiang watched nervously.

Meng Chuan calmly walked forward.

This was the Archean Mountain entrance examination, so he naturally had to go all out. Other than not using the Power of the Soul, he didn’t hold back at all.

I’ve waited twelve years for this day. In an instant, he merged his body and mind completely.

He had been pushing his limits all these years, and his meridians were extremely resilient and wide. His Quintessential Essence instantly increased fifteen-fold to the normal volume. After his Saber Force merged with his Quintessential Essence, he used some of the secrets to Five Lightning Descent. Lightning began to snake around his body and became denser as time passed.

Whoosh.

An aqueous saber beam lit up and cleaved through the light barriers. Following that, the saber beam disappeared, and he sheathed his saber. The drawing and sheathing of his saber happened so quickly it was as if he hadn’t even moved.

Strength really isn’t my forte. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly and turned to leave.

“79 layers. Next is Archean City’s Qi Chou,” the goateed man shouted. A new genius came forward to attack.

The Godfiends were all puzzled as they flipped through their dossiers.

“Only 79 layers? Brother Southcloud, isn’t it said that he killed demon commanders with a single strike? He even killed two of them in a row. He did that with such strength?” asked a Godfiend.

“Demon commanders have tenacious bodies, and although Meng Chuan’s saber art is considered not bad among human geniuses, he will take a few dozen strikes to kill a demon commander. One strike? I’m afraid he’s not powerful enough to do that.”

They had sharp eyes.

“He only managed to kill two demon commanders in a row in order to save Liu Qiyue.” Marquis Southcloud smiled. “He’s normally not that strong.”

“I see.”

“He unleashed greater strength while saving others?” All of the Godfiends were somewhat disappointed. They wanted to find a peerless genius among the three hundred-plus geniuses. Meng Chuan—who was a promising candidate—was weaker than they had expected.

...

Soon, it was Yan Jin’s turn.

“26 layers. Next, Wu State’s Yan Jin.”

“137 layers!” A slightly high-pitched voice rang out. He was the third person who had passed 100 layers.

Yan Jin also walked over.

“Yan Jin, not bad. You’re stronger than me,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission.

“But I’ve lost to you every time we spar.” Yan Jin’s lips curled, and he stood at the end of the line.

Meng Chuan still did his best for the Archean Mountain entrance examination. After all, many people had placed their hopes on him! However, he knew that his strongest point was speed due to having cultivated a lightning body. Without using the Power of the Soul, his strength was ordinary. For him to cleave through 79 barriers was a testament of his robust Godfiend foundation and his Saber Force.

There were many types of Godfiend bodies. Some excelled at enhancing strength, some enhanced speed, while others enhanced one’s vitality...

For example, Yan Jin’s Godfiend foundation was on par with Meng Chuan’s. His sword arts were slightly weaker than Meng Chuan’s, but his strength was much greater. He had broken through 137 layers.

After all, one had to accept the disadvantages that came from choosing the Lightning Divine Body.

There are three segments to the preliminaries. The second segment is a test of speed. I excel when it comes to speed. Meng Chuan had to suppress his desire to unleash his full potential.

One genius after another appeared.

Every genius had their own expertise. This was also the reason why Archean Mountain had set a demarcating line. As long as one could break through twenty light barriers, they could continue the test.

As more and more geniuses appeared, they displayed their techniques one after another, causing everyone to be even more astonished.

Geniuses who could break through a hundred layers also appeared one after another.

However, only three people had managed to tear through the 150th layer. They were Chu Yong, Yan Feng, and Dong Fang. Dong Fang’s result of the 185th layer with his axe shocked everyone. The thirteen-year-old Yan Chitong—who was known as the number one genius in Archean City—had also attacked the light barriers. He pierced through the 73rd layer with his spear. It was quite amazing.

“Last person, Ji Yuantong of Archean City!” the goateed man shouted. It was the last genius for the first segment of the assessment.

Ji Yuantong was thin and small, but he held a huge hammer in each hand. His eyes were cold.

“Ji Yuantong was previously acknowledged as the number one genius of Archean City! However, Yan Chitong had comprehended Force at the age of thirteen, and snatched the title of number one genius from him.”

“He amazed everyone three years ago and almost never stepped out again. It’s unknown how far his cultivation has brought him.” Many people were discussing him. After all, Archean City was the number one city in the Great Zhou Dynasty. To formerly hold the title of the top genius of Archean City naturally attracted people’s attention. He was also one of the top ten hot favorites in this batch.

Wearing a cold expression, Ji Yuantong held a hammer in each hand. When he stepped forward, he suddenly struck. As he attacked, his body glowed black. His hammer transformed into a blur as it smashed into the light barriers.

The sloppy man—who was in charge of controlling the light barriers—had a change in expression. With a thought, new light barriers appeared behind the original two hundred barriers, totaling 300 light barrier layers.

Boom! The terrifying hammer smashed through the light barriers, leaving only one barrier behind.

The goateed man opened his mouth and took a deep breath before shouting, “299 layers!”

Everyone fell silent.

The other geniuses were astounded. 299 layers? There were such monsters among mortals? As for the Godfiends, their eyes lit up as they stared at Ji Yuantong.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 - Leaking Copper Kettle Clepsydra
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

As I expected, he tore through 299 layers. The sloppy-looking man raised his eyebrows in satisfaction when he saw this. After Ji Yuantong struck out, he immediately made a deduction and increased the number of light barriers by 100! Everything was as he had expected. Ji Yuantong had only failed to strike the last layer. This precise control was something that a powerful Godfiend needed.

The sloppy man flicked his sleeve, and the last light barrier disappeared as well. He turned his head and walked back to his seat. At the same time, he smiled and said, “This Ji Yuantong is not bad, right?

A black-robed Godfiend beside him smiled and said, “Ji Yuantong’s Godfiend Body is comparable to Chu Yong, Yan Feng, and Dong Fang. His Arts realm is also on par with theirs, with them being at the Force realm. However, the power he unleashed is much stronger. Despite having the same kind of body, he can produce two times their strength. He is very suitable for being a strength-type.”

“Yes, demons generally have powerful bodies. However, Ji Yuantong should be able to crush demons of the same level with his strength.”

“One can be very powerful once they take the strength path to the end.”

The Godfiends were full of praises.

Although there were hundreds of people participating in the entrance examination every year, only twenty of them were admitted. Only a few were able to light up the eyes of the Marquis and Regis Godfiends.

They discovered Ji Yuantong at the preliminaries’ first segment.

...

Ji Yuantong calmly walked to the end of the line. Many geniuses looked at Ji Yuantong, each having their own thoughts.

Impressive. Although Chu Yong and Yan Feng’s attacks are very powerful—twice as powerful as mine—my saber artis much faster. This gave him the confidence to fight them head-on! However, Ji Yuantong is different. His attack power is four-fold mine. The difference is too great. Only by using the Power of the Soul can I defeat him.

By using the Power of the Soul, his strength would increase tremendously, making his attacks comparable to Ji Yuantong’s. His speed was also far superior to Ji Yuantong’s. When he had used the Power of the Soul against the second Firmament demon monarch—Poison Pool—he had easily widened the gap between them. The only flaw was that the Power of the Soul drained him too quickly.

Out of 311 geniuses, 12 of them managed to break through a hundred light barriers. I broke through 79, and am ranked 23rd. Yan Jin is 7th.

The other geniuses had their own plans. They knew their ranking.

Among geniuses, the strong became stronger. Those who were stunning in their youth could be nearly twice as strong as the other geniuses. A family clan would be willing to pay any price to forge them a strong Godfiend foundation! This could make them four times stronger than other geniuses.

Ordinary geniuses who failed the entrance examination couldn’t enter Archean Mountain. The stunning geniuses would become even stronger after they entered Archean Mountain thanks to their careful grooming.

The gap between them would grow bigger and bigger.

This was how powerful experts were. They would seize every chance to become stronger! In the end, they would have a chance of becoming a Marquis Godfiend or even a Regis Godfiend. If they were weak from a young age and were weak in every aspect... the difference in strength over time would be night and day.

The path Meng Chuan chose for himself was speed. He seized every single opportunity to make himself faster! He was so fast that even the equally stunning genius, Yan Jin, had headaches when fighting him.

...

The first segment of Archean Mountain’s preliminaries ended. Friends and relatives watching from afar had different moods, but they were all watching nervously. There were still other tests.

The cyan-clothed woman seated beside King East River rose to her feet.

She took a few steps forward and looked at the geniuses. She calmly said, “The first segment of the entrance examination was to test one’s attacking strength. There are 17 people who have failed to reach the minimum requirement. You don’t need to continue with the assessment. Just go to the side and watch the competition.”

As soon as she finished speaking, stewards led the eliminated geniuses to their friends and family.

“I’m a sharpshooter. My arrows are far inferior when it comes to close combat, but my arrows are even faster. I...” one of the youths shouted out unhappily.

Oh?

The cyan-clothed woman frowned and took a look. The young man who wanted to continue speaking stopped. He immediately flew up and was thrown to where his family and friends were. The other geniuses who were eliminated didn’t dare utter a sound. However, there were quite a few who felt somewhat aggrieved. They were directly eliminated without even finishing the preliminaries.

“Archean Mountain naturally has its reasons for setting these rules,” said the cyan-clothed woman calmly. “One does need to consider various factors when killing enemies. However, if an attack is too weak and you are unable to kill a demon despite them standing still in front of you, what’s the point of admitting you? Breaking 20 light barriers is the lowest Archean Mountain can accept.

“Although sharpshooters—who are best at killing demons—shoot extremely fast arrows, arrows are much lighter than spears and hammers. They are generally less powerful. In the first assessment, only two archers were eliminated. The other sharpshooters have reached the minimum requirement. Among them, the strongest sharpshooter is called Zong Sha from the Desolate State. His arrow pierced through a total of 65 light barriers. The threat he poses towards demons is no less than Ji Yuantong.

“Now, the second assessment will begin—speed!” The cyan-clothed woman stared at the geniuses coldly. “After becoming a Godfiend, you will encounter life-and-death battles. When you are weak, you can rely on speed to flee. When you are powerful, you can rely on speed to slay demons. Speed is an extremely important aspect of Godfiends! If you are too slow—even if you are powerful—you will die once you fail to escape. Once you die, everything is for naught.

“Speed is almost equivalent to your lives.”

Whoosh!

The cyan-clothed woman waved her hand.

The air in the palace began to distort as the Heaven and Earth powers gathered. It formed a deep blue tunnel, shaped like an anaconda.

“This winding path is 1,500 feet long.” The cyan-clothed woman pointed to a large copper bucket not far away. “That’s the Leaking Copper Kettle Clepsydra. It measures time through the dripping of liquid. You need to cross through the entire path within 20 droplets. The shorter the time you take, the better. Anyone who exceeds 20 droplets will be eliminated! Remember, keep your weapons on you and no forbidden Godfiend spells. Begin!”

“First up, Dragoncloud State’s Wu Chang,” the goateed man immediately shouted.

Wu Chang carried his thick saber on his back. It weighed 29 kilograms. When moving, the weapon weight affected his speed. However, Archean Mountain’s rules forbade one from discarding their weapons.

Boom!

Wu Chang pushed his movement technique to the limits and transformed into a black shadow as he traveled down the tunnel. One moment, he was charging forward in a straight line, and the next moment, he was curving in an arc. Droplets fell from the Leaking Copper Kettle Clepsydra at very fast speeds.

Whoosh.

Wu Chang finally traversed the 1,500-foot curvy tunnel.

“19 droplets! Next Jiang State’s Zhang Ping!” the goateed man said.

Only then did the swarthy youth, Wu Chang, heave a sigh of relief. Speed was not his forte, so he had been afraid that he wouldn’t meet the minimum requirement.

One genius after another entered the winding tunnel.

Everyone was nervous.

The faster one was, the harder it was to increase one’s speed. Even if one’s body was several times more powerful than an average person’s, one’s speed could only increase by a few dozen percent. Some people had extreme explosive strength, but they were somewhat clumsy and slow.

The geniuses began to nervously calculate as they looked at the ancient Leaking Copper Kettle Clepsydra.

It was almost noon, but the sky was beginning to turn gloomy. As geniuses crossed the tunnel, snow began to fall.

“It’s Chu Yong turn.” Many people stared at Chu Yong.

Chu Yong was the most famous among the top 60 geniuses.

Chu Yong—who was dressed in a black robe—carried a large saber on his back. His entire body was covered by black water and lightning. When he transformed into a black stream of light and flew into the tunnel, his speed was clearly much faster than the others, causing many to be astonished.

Whoosh. The moment Chu Yong exited the tunnel, the goateed man immediately shouted, “12 droplets!”

Amongst the geniuses before Chu Yong, aside from a few that exceeded 20 droplets, most of their times were between 18 to 20 droplets. This was because if one didn’t have Godfiend bodies that excelled in speed, it would be very difficult for them to increase their speed. One genius—who cultivated the Lightning Divine Body—had attained the previous best time of 15 droplets. Chu Yong’s time, however, was 12 droplets.

He was 50% faster than those who passed with a time of 18 to 19 droplets. In a life-and-death battle, being slightly faster could determine one’s fate, let alone being 50% faster. Being 50% faster than his peers was in no way less difficult than achieving strength that was several-fold theirs.

Numerous geniuses appeared one after another. Yuan State’s Yan Feng took 13 droplets of time. This was an astonishing result.

“20 droplets. Next, Wu State’s Meng Chuan,” shouted the goateed man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 - Meng Chuans Speed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

It’s my turn! Meng Chuan immediately walked up to the tunnel entrance. A cold wind blew, and snow fell on his face. It was cold to the touch. It made him feel even more excited.

This was the Archean Mountain entrance examination!

After years of cultivation, he was about to enter Archean Mountain and become a Godfiend! His father was watching from the side, and his clansmen were waiting for news. As for this test, it was his specialty, so he naturally had to seize this opportunity.

He lifted his head and looked over to where his family was. His father, Meng Dajiang, was watching from afar. Their eyes met. Following that, Meng Chuan turned to stare at the tunnel ahead.

Charge! At my fastest speed!

Meng Chuan erupted with fifteen times his Quintessential Essence. After years of cultivation, his meridians were able to withstand such explosive power. He circulated his Quintessential Essence according to the secrets of Five Lightning Descent. The dense lightning in his body erupted. These all combined with his Lightning Divine Body, and he immediately charged forward like crazy, transforming into a bolt of lightning that flew into the tunnel.

Every day, he would execute the Saber Drawing Stance 8000 times. He would charge forward and draw his saber the moment the arrows shot out! If he wanted to slice the arrows at a faster speed, he needed to draw his saber faster and charge faster.

He charged forward at blazing speeds 8000 times a day! He continuously honed his movement techniques under a hail of arrows for an hour every day.

Furthermore, Meng Chuan began this training regime before he had reached the Mortal Shedding realm—which was the critical stage for the forging of a Godfiend foundation! When a normal person was growing up, the effects of training would be the best. Similarly, if one trained daily, they could run much faster. It was very normal for one to go from a skinny person to a muscular person after training hard every day.

Cultivation at the Mortal Shedding realm was more important than training as a mortal during puberty.

The fact that he had the Lightning Divine Body meant that he excelled in speed. The excavation of his innate potential relied on his cultivation.

Meng Chuan cultivated to his limits every day, allowing his Godfiend body to grow during “puberty.” His bones and muscles had developed to enhance his explosive speeds. Even if one had the same Lightning Divine Body and a robust foundation, they would be inferior to Meng Chuan’s speed if they didn’t cultivate that arduously on a daily basis.

If one didn’t push their meridians to the limits every day and persevered for years, they wouldn’t be able to withstand the eruption of fifteen-fold Quintessential Essence. Everything was a result of long-term cultivation. Furthermore, one had to choose the correct path.

Meng Chuan had only one goal—extreme speed.

Boom!

When he charged into the winding tunnel, the terrifying speed he displayed was obvious to the naked eye. It far exceeded all the geniuses who had their turn.

When Meng Dajiang saw this, his eyes immediately turned moist with excitement. That was his son! His son’s speed far exceeded the other geniuses’!

“This speed!”

“Too fast!”

The others were stunned.

Whether it was the geniuses or those watching from the sidelines, they were all shocked. Even the proud Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Yan Chitong, Ji Yuantong, Zong Sha, and the others were stunned by what they saw.

It was too fast! There wasn’t even a need to count the droplets. This was something that could be seen with the naked eye. His speed far exceeded his peer’s by a large margin!

Fast! Faster! More speed! Meng Chuan rushed through the winding tunnel. There were straight sections and some curved areas, making the entire tunnel a winding snake.

Half-way through the tunnel, Meng Chuan used his Saber Force to control his body and Quintessential Essence. He was like a saber beam that tore through the air. The goateed man couldn’t help but widen his eyes as he carefully stared at the Leaking Copper Kettle Clepsydra. Droplets fell very quickly, but compared to Meng Chuan’s terrifying speed, the water droplets seemed to be much slower.

“Oh?” The cyan-clothed woman—who was in charge of this segment—raised her eyebrows and looked at the young man who had transformed into a bolt of lightning. “He’s that fast?”

Boom!

Meng Chuan instantly rushed out of the tunnel.

The goateed man was constantly paying attention to the Leaking Copper Kettle Clepsydra. When he saw him exit, he immediately shouted, “7 droplets!”

The geniuses were all dumbfounded. Although they were all proud and confident people, they still felt pressured when they saw his terrifying speed.

He’s that fast? Chu Yong’s eyes narrowed slightly. He had a powerful Godfiend foundation, but it took him 12 droplets to pass through the entire tunnel. Meng Chuan only spent 7 droplets of time. He’s 70% faster than me?

It was still okay if he was just 10% faster. But 70%? If they really fought, his opponent would have the upper hand.

This is Meng Chuan’s speed. I cultivate the Yin-Yang Icefire Sword Technique, and dual wield, but I’m still completely suppressed by Meng Chuan. Yan Jin was very calm. He was the most familiar with Meng Chuan amongst the geniuses present. During their half-year stay at Wu State Guild Hall, they had often sparred with each other. He knew how terrifying Meng Chuan’s speed was.

If Meng Chuan could completely suppress him, he could obviously suppress the other geniuses.

As long as I hit him with a hammer, he will definitely be defeated. However, this speed is a little too fast. Ji Yuantong frowned slightly as well. Meng Chuan had pressured him.

...

“Brother Meng, congratulations. Your son is truly impressive. His speed is invincible among mortals, right?”

“Brother Meng, with such speed, I believe he will definitely enter Archean Mountain.” Many people around Meng Dajiang congratulated him. When Meng Dajiang was with the large group of people, he had been proud to show off his son with shouts like “take a look, that’s my son.” However, no one paid much attention to him in the past. But Meng Chuan’s performance in the second segment of the entrance examination had completely shocked everyone.

Speed was very important. As long as one was fast enough, an attack wouldn’t be too weak. But to ensure that his saber moved at peak speed, his saber couldn’t be too heavy. His saber was in the shape of a cross blade, and the blade was extremely narrow. His saber weighed only 2.6 kilograms. For someone who cultivated the swift saber or fast sword, their weapons had to be fairly light. It was impossible to attain the advantages of the swift saber style with a thick, broad saber.

The saber he carried was light, and he could push himself to faster speeds.

“Haha, it’s still the preliminaries. It’s hard to say if he will be admitted into Archean Mountain or what ranking he will get.” Meng Dajiang laughed.

“I heard that the top three in the final ranking will be heavily rewarded by Archean Mountain. Meng Chuan might be able to enter the top three in the assessment.” Everybody began speaking to him, attempting to build connections with him. The vast majority of the crowd knew that the chances of their child being admitted were very low, but it already seemed like it was certain for Meng Chuan to be admitted. Naturally, many of them were willing to befriend Meng Chuan’s father, Meng Dajiang.

This was how relationships between Godfiend families were forged. The more powerful a family was, the more connections they had.

“What amazing speed.”

“His speed is comparable to an ordinary Indestructible realm Godfiend’s speed.”

“For a mortal to actually have the speed of an Indestructible Godfiend. How astonishing.”

Many of the Godfiends were astounded as well. Their eyes lit up. They had discovered a good sapling, Ji Yuantong, during the first segment. Now, they had discovered Meng Chuan during the second segment.

A Core Cloud Godfiend was a newly-advanced Godfiend. Indestructible Godfiends were second Firmament Godfiends, on par with second Firmament demon monarchs.

“If I remember correctly, the fastest person at last year’s Archean Mountain entrance examination managed to traverse the tunnel within nine droplets,” said a black-robed Godfiend with a laugh. “He was also a genius who cultivated the Lightning Divine Body. From the looks of it, Meng Chuan’s speed is thirty percent faster than his. Despite being the same Lightning Divine Body, he’s 30% faster!”

“I was here last year,” said Marquis Southcloud with a smile. “The kid last year had a Godfiend body foundation in no way inferior to Meng Chuan’s. However, his Lightning Divine Body is somewhat different from Meng Chuan’s. Meng Chuan is more suited for bursts of speed. Meng Chuan clearly goes through more arduous cultivation that is more effective.”

“Yes.” Many of the other Godfiends agreed.

“Furthermore, the eruption of his Quintessential Essence is extremely ferocious, much more ferocious than most geniuses, but his meridians are able to withstand it,” Marquis Southcloud continued. As a Marquis Godfiend, he could see the power unleashed by Meng Chuan. “He managed to excavate a fair amount of his potential. In addition, his realm is also higher; He has already reached the peak of Saber Force, only one step away from Saber Intent. All these factors contribute to him being 30% faster than last year’s fastest.”

“Southcloud, are you flattering him because he’s from Wu State?” Marquis West Sea quipped.

“Am I exaggerating in the slightest?” Marquis Southcloud glanced at the nearby Godfiends. “I am speaking the truth.”

“Hahaha...” The other Godfiends laughed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 - Icy-Cold Snow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Godfiends chatted and laughed as they watched geniuses charge through the tunnel one after another.

Soon, it was Yan Jin’s turn.

In the end, Yan Jin took 12 droplets to pass through the entire tunnel. His speed was comparable to Chu Yong’s—an excellent result. In truth, Yan Jin cultivated the Icefire Divine Body, and his Godfiend foundation was robust. His speed far exceeded ordinary Core Condensation experts. It was only because he had sparred with Meng Chuan many times that he had been suppressed so badly.

“I’m still a lot slower,” said Yan Jin via voice transmission to Meng Chuan when he returned to the group. “If I’m not wrong, I won’t be able to enter the top ten.” Although Yan Jin was a solitary person, he often talked to Meng Chuan.

“You should enter the top ten,” said Meng Chuan.

“Many people who cultivate the Lightning Divine Body and Wind Divine Body excel when it comes to speed. Many haven’t had their turns yet,” said Yan Jin.

“Most of them have lacking Godfiend foundations. They can’t compare to you,” consoled Meng Chuan.

For example, a genius who cultivated a Lightning Divine Body but had an average Godfiend foundation might take 15 droplets to cross the entire tunnel. This showed how important a Godfiend’s foundation was! Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Ji Yuantong, and Zong Sha had Godfiend foundations that were three times more robust than the average. This was roughly the limit. Even if they used ten times the amount of natural treasures, their Godfiend foundation would only increase from three times the average to four times the average. It was not worth it.

It was already rare for Meng Chuan—who came from an ordinary Godfiend family clan—to have a Godfiend foundation that was comparable to a top Godfiend family clan genius.

...

Time passed.

The geniuses took their turns. It was finally time for the two sharpshooters who caught everyone’s attention.

The number one archer in the imperial capital’s younger generation—the imperial princess, Li Ying, and the most outstanding archer during the first assessment, Zong Sha.

“19 droplets. Next, Imperial Capital’s Li Ying,” said the goateed man loudly.

The princess of the Great Zhou Dynasty, Li Ying, took her place. She was dressed in purple and carried a natural air of nobility. In terms of family background, she stood a little higher than the typical scions of Regis Godfiends.

At least within the Great Zhou Dynasty, the imperial Li family was still the number one Godfiend family clan.

Swoosh!

Princess Li Ying carried her bow and arrows as she transformed into a gust of wind. She passed through the tunnel with tremendous speed. Although she couldn’t catch up to the monstrous Meng Chuan, she surpassed the geniuses that had gone earlier.

Soon, she traversed the entire tunnel.

“10 droplets!” The goateed man’s announcement of the final result made many geniuses sigh in amazement. It was likewise for their relatives and friends. “Sharpshooters are going to shine. Sharpshooters tend to be faster.”

After the imperial princess, it was Zong Sha’s turn after a few people in between.

“17 droplets. Next, Desolate State’s Zong Sha.”

Zong Sha was an ordinary-looking youth. With a bow and arrow quiver on his back, he also transformed into a gust of wind. However, his speed seemed to be faster than Princess Li Ying.

“He’s like me. He cultivates a Wind Divine Body and has a very deep Godfiend foundation.” Princess Li Ying watched and frowned. “However, his realm is higher than mine. He has already reached the peak of Force! He was slightly better than me in the first assessment, and his speed is greater than mine.”

“Nine droplets!” The goateed man’s voice rose a few decibels. Over 120 geniuses had had their turns. He was the only one who managed to go below ten droplets other than Meng Chuan.

Zong Sha returned to the group calmly.

...

It was very difficult to pass through the entire tunnel within ten droplets. After Zong Sha’s 9 droplets, Jiang State’s genius—Ning Yibo—transformed into a stream of light and passed through the entire tunnel. He took 9 droplets and matched Zong Sha.

After more than two hundred people had their turns, another stunning genius appeared.

“So fast.”

“This speed!”

This was a black-robed youth carrying a short spear. He had completely transformed into a bolt of lightning. He, too, cultivated the Lightning Divine Body and had also reached the pinnacle of the Force realm. His speed left everyone speechless.

Swoosh.

When he finally exited, the goateed man finally shouted the result. “8 droplets!”

Oh? The black-robed youth frowned when he heard that. I cultivate the Lightning Divine Body, and I arduously cultivate my movement technique and flying saber techniques daily. I’ve also reached the peak of Force. My family also spent five precious treasures on me. My greatest speed... is actually slower than Meng Chuan’s?

Cloud State’s Jin Huan? Meng Chuan memorized the black-robed youth’s name. Amongst the younger generation, his speed is actually close to mine.

He was faster than him by only ten percent.

...

“Cloud State’s Jin Huan has pretty good speed. If this were last year’s entrance examination, he would’ve been the fastest.” A Godfiend sighed.

“His eruption of Quintessential Essence is inferior to Meng Chuan’s!” The sloppy man smiled. “For a split second, Meng Chuan erupts with twice Jin Huan’s erupted Quintessential Essence. Meng Chuan must have trained his meridians for a long time to release so much Quintessential Essence. In addition, Meng Chuan’s control over his body and Quintessential Essence is more refined. Only by combining these factors can his speed be much higher than Jin Huan’s!”

“Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence circulation method is indeed exquisite. It’s not inferior to some of the Godfiend legacies in our Archean Mountain.”

“He might have obtained some incomplete legacy.”

The vast majority of those present were Marquis Godfiends; there was also a Regis Godfiend! They could discern the profundity behind Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence circulation method.

It was a part of the Lightning Devastator Saber’s Five Lightning Descent. It only had this effect when fifteen times the normal amount of Quintessential Essence was unleashed. He was only ten percent faster than Jin Huan. Of course, the speed advantage was already huge!

...

After Cloud State’s Jin Huan, no one managed to traverse the tunnel within ten droplets.

“Lastly, Ji Yuantong of Archean City,” said the goateed man loudly.

Everyone turned to look.

Meng Dajiang also carefully stared at the thin youth. Ji Yuantong had been too dazzling during the first segment. He had far exceeded his peers.

Boom!

Ji Yuantong carried the two heavy hammers on his back and transformed into a black beam of light as he moved. The ground trembled slightly when he moved. Every step he took was very domineering. He quickly rushed out from the exit.

“10 droplets!” shouted the goateed man loudly. This time, he was much calmer. Although passing through the tunnel within ten droplets was outstanding, even the imperial princess had taken ten droplets to pass. However, considering Ji Yuantong’s halo, it was an expected result.

Meng Chuan nodded slightly as well. Those two hammers are probably a few hundred kilograms. If he discards the hammers, his speed will be greater. He will probably finish within nine droplets! However, an expert can’t discard their weapons easily. Ji Yuantong’s strength would halve without his two heavy hammers.

Therefore, Archean Mountain decided on a rule—one had to carry their weapons as they traversed the tunnel.

As Ji Yuantong returned to the group, the second segment was over. There were only four people who managed a result of fewer than 10 droplets.

Jiang State’s Ning Yibo and Desolate State’s Zong Sha managed 9 droplets. Cloud State’s Jin Huan managed 8 droplets, and Wu State’s Meng Chuan managed 7 droplets. Meng Chuan’s speed placed him in the top three fastest in Archean Mountain’s last 20 entrance examinations. The might of Ji Yuantong’s hammer placed him in the top three in the past twenty years as well. This year was definitely a standout year for Archean Mountain’s entrance examinations.

The higher the standards, the more difficult it would be to obtain the admission spots.

Whoosh. The cyan-clothed woman stood there. With a wave of her hand, the massive tunnel dissipated. She coldly swept her gaze across the group of geniuses and said, “The 19 people who took over twenty droplets of time are eliminated. You can go to the side to spectate.”

The cold wind continued to blow as snow fell on every person.

The 19 eliminated geniuses found the wind bone-piercing. The snow was cold, but their hearts were even colder. If they couldn’t enter Archean Mountain, they would have to head to the battlefield to serve in the military. They had to work hard to accumulate credit so they could enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. Most of them would perish while accumulating credit. They wouldn’t even have the chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool.

Fairy Meng was the only person among her peers who had managed to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. She was the only one who had become a Godfiend in her group of geniuses.

The geniuses silently walked towards their friends and family—who sighed as they watched.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 - Third Assessment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and the others calmly watched this scene. After all, there were still a total of 275 people in the examination! Ultimately, there were only 20 spots up for grabs. The truly brutal fight had yet to begin.

According to the books, to become a Godfiend, one needs to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool and undergo the Life-and-Death juncture. Every Godfiend requires a lot of the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers. Archean Mountain disciples have to be 100% certain before they are allowed to undergo the Life-and-Death juncture. Those who fail to enter Archean Mountain have to accumulate credits and exchange them for a chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. Meng Chuan sighed.

The Godfiend Blood Pool was too precious. Only Archean Mountain, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, and Two World Island had control of it. The three supreme sects recruited very few disciples every year.

...

The cyan-clothed woman turned her head and walked towards the Godfiends. She sat down and whispered to King East River, “Elder, I’ll leave the rest to you.”

“Alright.” King East River nodded slightly before standing up. The moment he stood up, the entire world rumbled, and the sky darkened.

“Don’t look.”

Meng Chuan, the geniuses, and the spectators didn’t dare look at King East River. It was just like how mortals found it difficult to look straight at the sun! Even the newly-advanced Godfiends among the spectators couldn’t look straight at King East River. King East River no longer restrained his aura, instead, it began to emanate from him in waves. His aura caused one’s lifeblood to turn chaotic. It was normal to meet a violent death if they were exposed to the aura for too long.

This was a Regis Godfiend that stood at the pinnacle of the human world! The mere mention of them could change the expressions of demon monarchs.

King East River and King Calm Sea were both at the same level.

Meng Chuan and the others didn’t dare to look at him directly, but they could hear his voice.

“We’ll now begin the third segment. I’ll preside over it.” King East River’s voice was calm but had an invisible and oppressive weight to it. “In a life-and-death battle, every move can spell the difference between life and death. If you act a little slower, you might die a violent death. Therefore, your reaction speed must be fast.

“The third assessment tests your reaction speed. The faster, the better,” said King East River.

Meng Chuan agreed when he heard that. He had heard from his grandaunt that Jadesun Palace Lord didn’t give the three demon monarchs a chance to attack when he faced them. This was what experts were like. They didn’t give their opponents chances to attack them.

Just like how he cultivated the Saber Drawing Stance. Speed was one aspect to the Saber Drawing Stance. Another aspect was to use psychological tactics. The opponent would be caught off guard when facing this strike! If the opponent was caught off guard, one’s reaction speed would mean the difference between life and death. It wasn’t easy for Archean Mountain to nurture Godfiends; therefore, they had extremely strict requirements concerning Godfiend reaction speeds.

“Huh?”Meng Chuan suddenly felt an irresistible force envelop him before lifting him up. He saw all the geniuses fly up as well. All of them were somewhat astonished.

275 people flew up into the air and were scattered forcefully. They landed in the palace compound, about twenty feet away from each other. They stood on top of a stone slab—a circle ten feet wide was carved on the stone slab.

“All of you are in your respective circles. None of you can exit the circle in any way,” continued King East River. “There will be hail falling from the sky. You need to avoid every piece! As long as you get hit by the hail—be it your body or your weapons—it will be considered as failing. Leaving the circle also counts as a failure. If you don’t survive the first two rounds of hail, you will also fail. The longer you can dodge everything, the better.”

Meng Chuan and company looked up.

In the dim sky, countless fluttering snowflakes began to gather suddenly. They gathered in midair, forming a dense cluster of icy hail particles that were as large as fingers. The hailstone shards were only 150 feet above them. This was the height of the tallest building in Archean City.

All the geniuses nervously watched the hailstones cover the sky.

They didn’t dare look at King East River, but they could stare at the hail.

“Begin.” As soon as King East River finished speaking, the hailstones shot down.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Each hailstone was comparable to an arrow shot by experts at the Seamless realm. They were extremely fast. However, Meng Chuan was used to such things.

For years, he had trained with volleys of arrows flying at him for an hour every day. As his strength and speed increased, he had his guards draw closer and closer to him to put himself under more pressure! Therefore, Meng Chuan forced himself to push his movement technique, reaction speed, and saber techniques to their limits, refining and improving them step-by-step.

But in this assessment, movement techniques were not important! In a circle that was only ten feet wide, as long as one could react quickly, they would be able to avoid the hailstones. The key was to react in time! If they didn’t react in time, they would be hit.

Saber techniques were not important either! Having the weapon hit spelled failure as well. The test was for reaction speed! He had to react in time.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Hailstones flew towards him. Instantly, three hailstones fell towards Meng Chuan’s circle. Then, there were two more, followed by three more...

Meng Chuan was relaxed. The hail isn’t launched all at once but split into batches. There are only two to three hailstones in each batch.

Meng Chuan didn’t know how much his reaction speed had improved since he had started his training regime. He pushed his limits every day! He pushed himself to the limits of what he could endure.

To him, it was currently a stroll in the park. With a simple movement, two hailstones shot past him, smashed into the ground, and were reduced to powder.

Not only was his reaction speed swift, but he also had his 100 foot wide perception domain—that resulted from his soul—aiding him. In the hundred-foot domain, the hail was extremely clear, allowing him to avoid them easily.

...

The spectators watched from a distance nervously.

They didn’t dare to look at King East River. They could only stare at the geniuses and the countless hailstones in the sky. Snowflakes began fluttering in the air with increasing intensity, affecting their vision.

“It’s the third assessment.”

“There are only three segments to the preliminaries. The rankings will be decided after the preliminaries.”

“You must hold on.” Many people watched nervously. They stared at their family clan’s pride and hope.

Meng Chuan was the Meng family’s hope; likewise, many geniuses here were their family’s hope.

...

King East River controlled everything expressionlessly. The hail continued for quite some time before it came to an abrupt stop.

“Next up is the second round,” King East River said calmly.

The hail only stopped for a few seconds before it rained down again.

It’s a lot faster now. Outside his 100 foot wide perception domain, Meng Chuan could use his Force domain to determine the hailstones’ vague trajectories. When they entered his 100 foot wide domain, he could clearly sense the hailstones! He easily determined that the hailstones’ speed had increased by 20%. Although it was only a 20% increase, the difficulty of dodging the hailstones increased tremendously.

Pfft. Pfft. Pfft.

Meng Chuan could sense people around him being hit one after another! They couldn’t react in time, thus, their bodies, weapons, or clothes were hit!

“No...” A genius held a huge hammer in his hand in despair. The hammer had just been hit by a hailstone when an invisible force wrapped around him and lifted him up. It wasn’t only him, the other geniuses who had failed the second round were also lifted up and sent off into the distance.

“You can’t even withstand the second round of hail. This reaction speed is really too slow.” King East River’s icy voice rang out in every geniuses’ ears. “If you were to engage in a life-and-death battle, you would die easily.”

When the second round of hail ended, a total of thirty-six geniuses had been “lifted” up and thrown far away.

Archean Mountain had set the second round as the demarcating line because this condition could stop many geniuses in their tracks.

This made the remaining geniuses heave sighs of relief. At the very least, I managed to hold out for the second round, reaching the minimum requirement. Many geniuses who had narrow escapes felt fortunate that they still had hope.

Whoosh~

After a slight pause, the countless hailstones floating in the sky began to rain down a third time. Archean Mountain wanted to select the truly outstanding geniuses—they weren’t just looking for people who could meet the minimum requirements.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 - Potential
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

In the dim sky, heavy snow fell.

Many geniuses stared at the countless hailstones floating in the sky. When the third round began, the hailstones rained down again. One by one, they shot down at newly-elevated speeds.

It’s too fast. Many geniuses felt like the hailstones had arrived in front of them in the blink of an eye. They barely had time to think and react. Before they could dodge, the hailstones had hit their bodies.

It’s over. I got hit.

Crap.

That’s too fast.

Many geniuses were struck. The number of geniuses that were struck by hail increased.

An invisible force hoisted them up and threw them towards the spectators.

“Although they have reached Archean Mountain’s minimum requirements, not being able to withstand the third round means that they only have ordinary reaction speeds.”

“Unless one is especially outstanding in other aspects, there’s no value in nurturing them.” The Godfiends chatted casually. Only the most outstanding geniuses were qualified to enter Archean Mountain. Ordinary geniuses would waste the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers.

...

The third round quickly ended, and 58 geniuses were thrown out.

There were still 181 geniuses standing in their circles. Meng Chuan and company waited attentively. The hail stopped for a moment before it rained down for the fourth time. Its speed had obviously increased again.

Too fast.

This... Many geniuses had only seen the hailstones flying over. By the time their brains reacted, the hailstones had already hit them.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Many geniuses were lifted into the air. This scene caused the spectators to exclaim in shock. This was because there were simply too many people who had been eliminated in the fourth round of hail. The number of geniuses floating in the air was greater than the number of geniuses left in the circles.

I’ve actually managed to survive. The geniuses who remained in the circles heaved sighs of relief. Only then did they realize how few people remained standing in the circles. A total of 102 people had failed the fourth round. There were only 79 people remaining.

These 79 geniuses were very outstanding. They had either consumed rare treasures and forged a robust Godfiend foundation, or they had extremely high talent and excellent reaction speed.

Of course, there were very few people who had Godfiend foundations like Meng Chuan and Yan Jin. There were only about ten of them. Most of them had only consumed one or two ordinary treasures, with a few consuming a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. They were 50–80% stronger than typical geniuses. The more robust one’s foundation, the stronger their Godfiend bodies were. They naturally had an advantage in terms of reaction speed.

Whoosh. King East River stood there, staring coldly at everything. With a thought, the hail began falling for the fifth time.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless hailstones rained down, and the 79 geniuses immediately tried their best to dodge. The spectators watching from afar were all extremely nervous. They knew very well that Archean Mountain only chose twenty people! How would they choose? It was based on the results of the comprehensive assessment. The results from the preliminaries’ three segments and the final assessment were combined and used to select twenty people.

Therefore, the more outstanding one was, the higher the chances of obtaining a spot. If one wasn’t exceptionally outstanding, they had to excel in all aspects, making them well-rounded. Only then could they obtain a spot.

“Second Young Master, you have to clear it. You have to.” An elder watched nervously.

My dear disciple, my dear disciple... Just a bit more. If you pass the fifth round, your chances of getting a spot will be much higher. A fat elder watched nervously. I’m a useless master. I couldn’t afford to buy any natural treasures for you. You have to fight for it yourself.

Natural treasures that helped forge a Godfiend foundation were too precious. Without consuming any rare treasures, the disadvantage was huge. To be able to hold on until now was testimony to an individual’s extreme talent.

Chuan’er. Meng Dajiang watched. Chuan’er has fought with a second Firmament demon monarch before. He could even withstand a prolonged pursuit. His reaction speed must be very fast.

Everyone watched nervously.

The hail was too fast. Many geniuses were hit before they could react. They were thrown out one after another. This continued until the fifth round of hail stopped.

Sigh. He didn’t manage to survive this round. Many spectators sighed when their hopes failed the fifth round.

He survived this round. My dear disciple survived this round. The fat elder was excited as he watched. His disciple—who had never consumed any natural treasures—had actually passed the fifth round.

...

Meng Chuan looked around and saw how sparse his surroundings were. Only 23 people remained after the fifth round.

For example, those with robust Godfiend foundations like Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Yan Jin, Zong Sha, and Princess Li Ying were naturally able to survive the fifth round. As for the thirteen-year-old genius, Yan Chitong, although his Godfiend foundation was robust, he was still far from the peak of the Force realm because he had only comprehended Force recently. If he failed to form a Heaven and Earth Force domain, dodging would prove to be difficult. This was reflected by his failure to pass the fifth round.

“Three people who passed the fifth round have never consumed any natural treasures. Their Godfiend bodies are much weaker,” said the sloppy man with a voice transmission. “Their Godfiend bodies are so weak, but they can still react so quickly. Their talent is truly high.”

“Yes, Zuo Xiao, Shangguan Feng, and Yu Chang.” The cyan-clothed woman nodded. “These three are indeed suitable for grooming. However, they failed to establish a robust Godfiend foundation at the Mortal Shedding realm. It will be difficult for them to close the gap in the future. Let’s see... if they are selected for the final assessment, and they have outstanding performance in certain areas, we can give them a spot.”

The sloppy-looking man nodded.

King East River and the two of them were in charge of presiding over the entrance examination. They were the ones who decided on the rankings.

Godfiends with robust foundations were naturally given priority. As for these three people—who had never consumed any natural treasures—their passing of the fifth round had won them a chance at entering Archean Mountain. As long as they had excellent performances, it would be enough for Archean Mountain to recruit them.

...

There were only 23 geniuses left.

King East River calmly looked at the 23 youths. Although there were those who hadn’t consumed rare treasures and reached this point—implying their high talent—what Archean Mountain wanted most were geniuses with extremely high talent and robust Godfiend foundations.

Whoosh . The sixth round began and the hail rained down. The speed of the hailstones had once again increased.

“Too fast.”

Immediately, geniuses were struck one after another. The fifth round had been the limit for many of them. They could not withstand the hailstones’ increased speed.

Hold on. The purple-robed princess, Li Ying, struggled to hold on. She could vaguely sense geniuses being hit by hail. She tried her best to survive the sixth round. Although she was an imperial princess with extremely high status, the competition within the imperial family was equally intense... As the number one Godfiend family clan in the Great Zhou Dynasty, her status as princess didn’t mean much. Her strength was more important.

A princess that had yet to reach the Godfiend realm wasn’t of value to the imperial family.

Swish!

The hail became faster and increasingly difficult to dodge. Finally, a hailstone brushed past her quiver. Her expression changed immediately. As a true expert, she had great control over her body. Having a hailstone touch her quiver meant failure.

An invisible force enveloped her, and she began to levitate. She knew that she had failed to survive this round. She looked around and saw that there were still 7 geniuses holding on. She heaved a sigh of relief. I still have a high chance of being in the chosen twenty.

Not good. Jin Huan’s body flashed with lightning as he tried his best to dodge again and again. The speedy hailstones finally exceeded his reaction speed.

Jin Huan was also enveloped by an invisible force and floated up. He looked around him.

There were six geniuses remaining.

Duck!

Yan Jin was dodging with all his might. He cultivated the Icefire Divine Body, and he was good at close combat. In melee combat, there was a fine line between life and death! Normally, he could use both swords to fight the enemy, but now, he could only dodge. He tried his best to rely on his instincts and dodge the falling hailstones. As the hail was too fast, he could only rely on his instincts.

Pfft.

An icy hailstone brushed past Yan Jin’s back. His face turned pale—he had also failed.

He, too, was enveloped by an invisible force as he floated up.

When Yan Jin flew up, he saw Chu Yong and Yan Feng floating as well. They had also failed.

...

When the hail stopped, there were only three people left standing—Meng Chuan, Zong Sha, and Ji Yuantong.

The other geniuses looked at them with mixed emotions as everyone stared at the remaining three.

“Good.” A smile finally appeared on King East River’s face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 - Natural Spiritual Perception
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

King East River had high standards. Only when Meng Chuan, Zong Sha, and Ji Yuantong managed to survive six rounds of hail could they satisfy him.

“If they can survive six rounds, the three of them will definitely rank in the top ten,” the sloppy-looking man said via voice transmission. “Who do you think will be ranked first among the three?”

“Ji Yuantong gives me special vibes,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “My bets are on him.”

“I think most highly of him as well. His performance in the first two segments was pretty good. It also looked like it was easy for him to dodge the hail,” praised the sloppy man. “I don’t think he’s at his limit yet. However, Zong Sha and Meng Chuan aren’t to be dismissed as well. Zong Sha is a sharpshooter, so he has a limitless future. Meng Chuan is extremely fast. I believe he can live for a long time. There’s hope for everything if he has a long life.”

They were in a good mood seeing outstanding geniuses. Archean Mountain’s goal was to choose the most outstanding geniuses for grooming.

...

There are only three left. Ardor and zeal coursed through Meng Dajiang’s blood. Regardless of what happens, Meng Chuan will definitely be in the top three for the third segment. Meng Dajiang was already very satisfied.

After all, all the geniuses of the Great Zhou Dynasty were gathered here! What more could a father ask for, after seeing what his son had accomplished?

In his mind, the thought of his son coming first in the entrance examination at Archean Mountain—allowing him to be well-nurtured by Archean Mountain—surfaced. However, it was a fleeting thought. Firstly, he didn’t wish to put too much pressure on his son. Secondly, the natural treasures the geniuses from the ancient Godfiend family clans had consumed were in no way inferior to what they had given Meng Chuan. They also received the guidance of powerful Godfiends. Their training environments were much better than Meng Chuan’s.

It’s already very good. Meng Dajiang looked on happily, and his eyes moistened. I’ll be very satisfied if he can enter Archean Mountain.

...

Everyone stared at Meng Chuan, Zong Sha, and Ji Yuantong.

King East River smiled. Many hailstones floated in the air, and a number of them began to fall at even greater speeds.

Meng Chuan, Zong Sha, and Ji Yuantong were fully focused. Within their ten-foot-wide circles, they dodged the high-speed hail. The hailstones were virtually phantoms as they fell from 150 feet high. The distance was too short! The speed was too high!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Zong Sha was ordinary and unremarkable, but he was the strongest sharpshooter at the Archean Mountain entrance examination. He cultivated the Wind Divine Body. He could sense the “wind’s breathing.” With every incoming hailstone, he could discern their trajectories. He dodged them accordingly to what he had perceived! It was too difficult to detect the fast hailstones with the naked eye due to the short distance between them and the falling hail. He had to rely on his perception to dodge them.

Only then did he reach the seventh round. However, the hail had reached an even faster speed. He could sense the hailstones with the wind’s breathing, but the hailstones were too close to him by the time he could react.

He dodged five hailstones in a harrowing manner, but the sixth hailstone hit his abdomen before he could dodge it.

I still failed. Zong Sha sighed softly.

He was enveloped by an invisible force as he flew up. When he flew up, he looked in two directions. Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong were still dodging.

Their movement styles were different. Meng Chuan moved agilely and naturally, while Ji Yuantong was dodging with his eyes closed.

In the blink of an eye, the seventh round ended. Zong Sha was eliminated, while Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong survived.

What monsters. We only survived the fifth round. Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong actually managed to survive the seventh round. Princess Li Ying was somewhat shocked. The hailstones were so fast that it made her heart tremble. However, the duo could still dodge them. Such reaction speeds were inconceivable.

That amazing? Chu Yong was silent. As the number one genius in the imperial capital, his name had been heard throughout the world seven years ago. He originally thought that he would dominate the test, but he never expected that he would be crushed in all aspects. He was clearly one level inferior to Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong. When all aspects were considered, even Zong Sha was more outstanding than him. Zong Sha’s results in the second and third segments were even better than Chu Yong’s.

As for the first segment, although Chu Yong’s attacks were mighty, Zong Sha was a sharpshooter. His arrows were extremely fast, bringing his threat level to Ji Yuantong’s level.

Chu Yong knew that he should be ranked second. Yan Feng and Yan Jin were comparable to him.

There’s always someone stronger than you. Chu Yong’s heart was filled with complicated emotions.

I’m still so far from him. Yan Jin was very calm when he saw this scene. He had treated his father as his goal and had always felt the huge gap between them. His good friend, Meng Chuan, had suppressed him, and he had been chasing after him all this while! He chased after Meng Chuan and his father, King Calm Sea.

He had patience, and he would continue chasing after them.

...

“These two actually managed to come this far. They have very high spiritual perception.” The group of powerful Godfiends felt rather surprised.

“They aren’t even Godfiends yet, but their spiritual perception is so strong! It seems like they were born with extraordinary spiritual perception.”

“They are worth nurturing.”

These Marquis Godfiends—who usually guarded the Great Zhou Dynasty’s various states—watched Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong with appreciation.

On the surface, the third segment of the preliminaries was a reaction speed test. However, what it truly tested was the geniuses’ spiritual perception! It was one of the most important qualities they tested for during the preliminaries, and it required King East River to preside over the third segment personally.

Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong glanced at each other. The competition was between them now.

“In the eighth round, the two of you have to survive. The longer you survive, the better,” advised King East River. Following that, the icy hail in the sky rained down again.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Every hailstone was faster than the last.

Ji Yuantong—who was extremely confident—began to struggle. He closed his eyes, and his perception of his surroundings became clearer. He could vaguely sense the hailstones coming towards him.

He dodged through pure instinct. However, with the ever-increasing speed of the hailstones, he soon reached his limit.

Pu! A hailstone finally smashed into his shoulder. He failed to dodge it. When he opened his eyes, he was enveloped by an invisible force and began floating up. He saw Meng Chuan still dodging the hail crazily in the distance.

He’s better than me? Ji Yuantong frowned. He had had a supercilious attitude towards his peers since he was young. However, he wasn’t willing to flaunt his prowess. He had already crushed the so-called geniuses from Archean City long ago. When he had revealed a portion of his skill, he was deemed as Archean City’s number one genius. He didn’t take it to heart when the thirteen-year-old Yan Chitong comprehended Force. He believed that Yan Chitong wouldn’t be able to catch up to him.

After all, no one had ever managed to catch up to him. He kept becoming stronger because he wanted to shock everyone at the Archean Mountain entrance examination!

It was fine if he usually kept a low profile, but he had to display all his prowess at Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. Only then would Archean Mountain give him the best nurturing. However, he had never expected someone to surpass him in the second and third segments of the preliminaries.

Wu State’s Meng Chuan? It’s said that he’s part of a Godfiend family clan in a remote area of Wu State. As he thought about this, the hail stopped.

Meng Chuan—who was dressed in a navy blue robe and had a saber by his waist—continued standing in his circle silently.

He passed? Ji Yuantong landed on the ground and watched from afar.

“Meng Chuan passed the eighth round. He’s the only one!” Everyone watched.

“Chuan’er!” Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan standing by his lonesome. Some distance away in front of Meng Chuan stood King East River.

This scene made Meng Dajiang extremely proud. That was his son!

...

“He managed to dodge all of that? His spiritual perception is extraordinary.”

“His natural spiritual perception is extremely high.”

The Godfiends also observed carefully. They were also very curious. Meng Chuan was the last man standing. How much longer could he last?

“Very good.” King East River smiled at Meng Chuan. “Hold on. The longer you can last, the better. I’ll begin the ninth round.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

He understood this logic. He had to use all his strength at the Archean Mountain entrance examination to showcase himself fully. The only exception was the glabella space—it was too unique. Even Fairy Meng—who had been a Godfiend for nearly eighty years and had a bunch of Godfiend friends while serving under King Calm Sea—had never heard of the glabella space. This both delighted and worried her.

It was either a fortuitous opportunity or a calamity. Therefore, he had to investigate the glabella space discretely before deciding if he wanted to announce its existence. Meng Chuan naturally listened to Fairy Meng. His grandaunt wouldn’t harm him.

Persevere. Persevere to the end. Meng Chuan’s Saber Force domain allowed him to sense the hailstones, likewise for his hundred-foot perception domain. His Saber Force domain gave blurry images, and his hundred-foot domain gave him an extremely clear view.

Dodge, duck! Meng Chuan dodged very gracefully. He had been following his training regime for a long time and was used to dodging.

As time passed, the spectating Godfiends’ expressions turned solemn.

“What?”

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The sloppy-looking man and the cyan-clothed woman arrived beside King East River.

“The ninth round hasn’t forced him to his limits yet,” said the cyan-clothed woman in surprise.

“Not at all.” King East River stared at Meng Chuan, his eyes shining.

“Is his spiritual perception that powerful?” The sloppy-looking man couldn’t believe it.

Phew, the hail stopped. Meng Chuan continued standing in his circle after surviving the ninth round of hail.

“Ji Yuantong only survived the seventh round, but Meng Chuan has already passed the ninth round!” The sloppy man couldn’t believe it. “Ji Yuantong is already very impressive. But he’s so much better than Ji Yuantong?”

“His spiritual perception is so sharp that it’s unbelievable,” said the cyan-clothed woman softly. “With such a strong spiritual perception, it shouldn’t be difficult for him to condense an Essence Soul in the future, right?”

King East River’s smile became even more radiant. He stared at Meng Chuan and said loudly, “Meng Chuan, continue to persevere. The longer you hold on, the better. I’ll begin the tenth round now.”

With that said, the hail began falling at high speeds—its speed rising to new heights once again.

The tenth round began!

Marquis Southcloud, Marquis West Sea, and the other Marquis Godfiends carefully watched Meng Chuan as though they were looking at a peerless treasure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 - The Preliminaries End
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Dajiang watched his son from afar.

The powerful Godfiends of Archean Mountain were currently paying attention to his son. The three Godfiends in charge of presiding over the examination were staring at Meng Chuan. This showed how much attention they paid to him.

A lone figure!

His son had now surpassed all the geniuses. Even the extremely talented Ji Yuantong had only passed the seventh round, while his son was already dodging the tenth round of hail. Meng Dajiang could sense the geniuses’ envy and jealousy as they stared at Meng Chuan.

Chuan’er. Meng Dajiang felt even prouder.

Nianyun, our son is really outstanding. He will definitely enter the Archean Mountain and obtain the best nurturing. Meng Dajiang’s blood boiled as he watched from the side. He was even more excited than his son—who was undergoing the assessment.

...

As the Godfiends watched, the geniuses also stared at Meng Chuan with mixed emotions.

The segment’s tenth round continued. The hailstones were terrifyingly fast. Meng Chuan had transformed into a blurry phantom completely. Every time he moved, the hailstones would appear to pass through his “body,” but in reality, none of them hit him.

When the hailstones stopped, Meng Chuan remained in the circle.

He passed the tenth round as well? Ji Yuantong, Zong Sha, Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Jin Xin, Yan Chitong, Li Ying, and the other geniuses were all dazed. The gap between them was ridiculously huge, and they only had disbelief in their hearts!

So Meng Chuan is that powerful. Yan Jin stared at the solitary figure carefully.

“Continue!” King East River’s voice was filled with anticipation. His eyes were filled with fervor as the hail rained down at elevated speeds. Although the hail seemed to hit Meng Chuan, in actuality, they only pierced through his afterimages.

This scene left the other geniuses somewhat numb. The difference was ridiculous.

Pfft!

Suddenly, a hailstone turned to powder when it hit an afterimage. Meng Chuan stopped, and the hail came to a halt.

Everyone knew that he had failed.

After dodging several hailstones in the eleventh round, Meng Chuan ultimately failed. However, his results still left the geniuses speechless.

“His spiritual perception is indeed incredible,” said King East River with a smile. He said to the sloppy man and the cyan-clothed woman, “Ji Yuantong’s spiritual perception is very strong, but such quality can be found once every few years. However, Meng Chuan’s spiritual perception can only be found once every few centuries. His spiritual perception will definitely make it very easy for him to condense an Essence Soul. His potential is extremely great, but what’s crucial is to nurture him well.”

“He still needs to achieve Saber Intent and Saber Soul... He needs to cultivate step by step.” The sloppy man nodded as well. “Nothing can be accomplished with a single step. No matter how talented he is, it’s useless if he doesn’t focus on cultivation.”

“A peerless piece of unpolished jade has arrived at our Archean Mountain. It is our duty to nurture him well,” said the cyan-clothed woman with a smile.

“Yes.” King East River nodded.

The trio’s aura fluctuations were something the mortals didn’t dare to look at. Their voices were cut off from any outsiders.

...

Meng Chuan stood still dazedly. I still couldn’t dodge that hailstone. My body is still too slow.

Unbeknownst to Meng Chuan, when a genius avoided the hail, they would first see with their eyes, or use their Force domain to sense the hailstones. The information would then be transmitted to the brain. This transmission required very little time. The feedback from the brain also needed time to be transmitted to the body.

There were three stages for reacting to a stimulus: acquisition, thought, and instruction.

As for Meng Chuan, his hundred-foot domain was actually the result of the “soul” in his glabella space directly sensing something. His soul would “see” everything. After sighting, the soul would think and react.

Therefore, Meng Chuan skipped the process of transmitting information to the brain. He “saw” with the soul directly, and his soul did the thinking. This was much faster than using his brain to think!

The only thing that remained the same was the fact the brain commanded the body. This was the same as the other geniuses. If Meng Chuan fused the Power of the Soul with his entire body, then the commanding of the body would be done through the Power of the Soul. That made it much faster! He would’ve probably reached the fifteenth round if he did so!

However, he didn’t use the Power of the Soul. Just relying on the uniqueness of the “soul” in his glabella space, Meng Chuan managed to pass the tenth round, though he failed the eleventh round.

“Meng Chuan.” King East River’s voice rang out. “Well done.”

Upon hearing the praise, Meng Chuan couldn’t help but feel delighted.

King East River turned and left.

The sloppy-looking man smiled and said loudly, “The preliminaries have ended. All of you can take a break. According to the results of the preliminaries, Archean Mountain will decide on the hundred participants that will participate in the final selection tomorrow. Those who are not in the top 100 are eliminated.”

With that said, he and the cyan-clothed woman turned and left. However, when they left, they took another look at Meng Chuan.

“Haha.” The group of Marquis Godfiends—who had been watching the preliminaries—also stood up and left.

“Meng Chuan, well done.” A familiar voice sounded in his ears. Meng Chuan looked up and saw Marquis Southcloud smiling at him from afar before he left with the other Godfiends.

Meng Chuan stood alone in his circle.

“Young Master Meng, please follow me.” Immediately, a steward from Blazing Sun Palace came to guide him.

Meng Chuan nodded.

Soon, he arrived in a hall. There were dozens of geniuses, and their family and friends present. The moment Meng Chuan arrived, he immediately attracted the attention of many.

“Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang welcomed him.

“Dad.” Meng Chuan smiled.

“Well done.” Meng Dajiang patted Meng Chuan on the shoulder. “If your grandaunt knows about this, she will definitely be very happy.”

Meng Chuan nodded gently. His grandaunt was still waiting for news back in their hometown.

“Let’s wait. Archean Mountain will need time to decide the top 100,” said Meng Dajiang. “This ranking is very important. It should take quite some time.”

“Yes, I wonder how high I’ll rank,” said Meng Chuan.

“Being in the top two shouldn’t be a problem,” said Meng Dajiang. “The only one who can compete with you is Ji Yuantong.”

Meng Chuan nodded as well. “I was too weak in the first assessment.”

Meng Chuan was ranked twenty-third in the first assessment. However, he ranked first in the second and third assessments.

On the other hand, there was Ji Yuantong—who had ranked number one in the first assessment, fifth for the second assessment, and second for the third assessment. It had to be said that Ji Yuantong traversed the second assessment’s tunnel while carrying hammers—which weighed a few hundred kilograms. His physical talent was indeed monstrous.

“Meng Chuan.” Yan Jin walked over. The others had friends and family, but he was alone. He said, “Congratulations. You will definitely be able to obtain a spot for Archean Mountain’s final selection. Furthermore, you will definitely be in the top three.”

“I hope so.” Meng Chuan smiled.

“Meng Chuan.” A clear female voice rang out.

Meng Chuan turned to look.

A purple-clothed woman walked over. She was the focus wherever she went. She was born with an air of nobility, and her smile could melt the hearts of others.

“Princess,” greeted Meng Chuan politely.

“I heard of your name a long time ago,” said Princess Li Ying with a smile. “It’s just that you’re far more powerful than I thought. Once we enter Archean Mountain, we must spar and see if you can avoid my arrows.”

After the first three assessments, Li Ying became confident about her chances of entering Archean Mountain. She was the second best sharpshooter among the geniuses this time. Only Zong Sha was stronger than her. Archean Mountain placed great importance on sharpshooters, so she was confident that with her strength, Archean Mountain would admit her.

“Let’s do it when the time comes,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“It’s a deal then.” Princess Li Ying looked to the side. “Young Master Yan, your dual swords are extremely powerful. We should spar once we enter Archean Mountain.”

“Alright.” Yan Jin responded tersely. He was willing to accept any combat opportunities. Every battle was a chance to train himself.

Princess Li Ying smiled and left after exchanging a few pleasantries. She had been born in the imperial family, so she was used to socializing and befriending people who could help her. In her eyes, Meng Chuan and Yan Jin were clearly worth befriending.

...

Time passed.

Occasionally, people would come to talk to Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang! After all, everyone could tell that Meng Chuan would definitely be able to secure a spot, even if they weren’t certain of the final rankings.

The sky gradually darkened as the snowstorm intensified. Everybody waited in the hall and the corridors anxiously.

“The ranking has been decided!” A voice sounded from afar.

The goateed man held a golden scroll. Behind him were other stewards—who had walked through the snowstorm.

The preliminaries’ rankings are out. Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan looked into the distance. They were only curious if he was ranked first or second. It was unlikely he would rank third! As for the other geniuses and their family and friends, they were much more nervous. Many geniuses were not destined to enter the top 100, destroying their chances of participating in the final selection.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 - Ranking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Everybody immediately rushed towards the goateed man.

“Everyone don’t be anxious. I’ll hang this golden scroll on the wall and let everyone see it clearly.” As the goateed man spoke, he walked to a wall in the corridor. He opened the golden scroll and hung it on the wall. At the same time, he laughed loudly and said, “Every person on the list will stay in Blazing Sun Palace overnight with one family member. Tomorrow morning, they will head to Archean Mountain for the final selection. As for those who aren’t on the list, they may leave.”

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Many family members and friends used their movement techniques and rushed to the wall. They carefully scanned through the names on the scroll.

Some geniuses didn’t care about their pride. They also used their movement techniques to rush in and take a closer look.

Where’s my name? Where’s my name? A genius looked anxiously. He couldn’t find his name on the golden scroll.

Ranked 39th? That’s good. At least I passed the preliminaries; I’ll definitely be able to shock everyone and get a spot in the final selection.

“Where’s my son’s name?”

“I’m not in the top 100. Forget it.”

...

Meng Chuan and his father weren’t in a hurry. They walked towards the golden scroll with Yan Jin.

“It’s fine. We can come next year even if you didn’t pass the preliminaries this year.” A man—that exuded old age—consoled his son. “You’ll be twenty next year. You still have one more chance. Don’t worry. You managed to reach the minimum requirement of all three assessments this year. If you cultivate for another year and experience another breakthrough, you’ll definitely be able to obtain a spot next year.”

“Dad, I’ve finally realized how many geniuses there are. Compared to them, I’m still very mediocre. I will definitely work harder when I return,” said his son in a low voice.

The aged man smiled.

His son had been very proud previously. After all, he had far surpassed his peers in his prefecture. He did things independently and acted like an arrogant genius. However, his son’s arrogance had been shattered completely. At Archean Mountain’s entrance examination, he was indeed a mediocre genius. Fortunately, he still had one chance left. He could try again next year.

“Clan Leader, I’ll serve in the military immediately,” said a white-robed woman calmly to a silver-haired elder beside her. “The gap between the others and I is quite huge. I have nothing to say about not being admitted into Archean Mountain.”

The silver-haired elder nodded. “Join the military and accumulate credit. You’ll still have a chance of undergoing the Life-and-Death juncture and become a Godfiend in the future.”

The white-robed woman said calmly, “Either I die on the battlefield or become a Godfiend.” Becoming a Godfiend was her life goal. She had never thought of living an ignoble life.

Many geniuses and family members left one by one. Since they weren’t on the list, they naturally had to leave.

“Impossible. I’m not on the list?” A colorful-robed youth looked at the golden scroll dazedly.

“Let’s go.” The elder beside him pulled him away.

“There must be something wrong. I should enter Archean Mountain. I have to,” muttered the colorful-robed youth.

“Admit your failure,” said the elder.

“I haven’t participated in the final selection. The Godfiends at Archean Mountain haven’t discovered my true potential. They must have made a mistake,” the colorful-robed youth muttered to himself.

The elder shook his head and sighed, forcefully pulling him away.

Most of the geniuses had to leave because there were only a hundred names on the list.

Meng Chuan glanced at the geniuses who had failed. They were either silent, crazed, or indifferent... They had all sorts of reactions, and he felt mixed emotions. Entering Archean Mountain was like night and day for mortals. Many people had placed their hopes on Meng Chuan, but he was in much better shape. Furthermore, he was only eighteen.

He wasn’t like the geniuses who were already twenty years old—where this was their last attempt at Archean Mountain’s entrance examination.

“Awesome, Young Master Meng.”

“Young Master Meng, you are ranked first.”

Before Meng Chuan reached the golden scroll, someone in front congratulated him.

“First place?”

Meng Chuan and his father walked through the crowd and finally saw the golden scroll. The words on the golden scroll seemed to contain a sense of pressure.

His gaze swept across the scroll and saw the names of Jin Huan, Yan Jin, Chu Yong, and many others. At the top was the name “Meng Chuan.”

Meng Chuan: A–, A+, S

Ji Yuantong: A+, A, A+

Zong Sha: A+, A, A

...

Meng Chuan came to a realization after seeing this. Ji Yuantong and Zong Sha were evaluated to be A+ for the preliminaries’ first assessment! The Archean Mountain Godfiends gave special treatment to sharpshooters.

Zong Sha had broken through fewer light barriers than Meng Chuan in the first assessment, but his evaluation was the same as Ji Yuantong’s. Clearly, the criterion for a sharpshooter was somewhat different. They were the only two who obtained an A+ for the first assessment.

There were only two A-pluses for the second assessment. One was Jin Huan, while the other was Meng Chuan. In fact, Meng Chuan was ten percent faster than Jin Huan, making him better, but Meng Chuan had only received an A+. He didn’t reach S—which clearly had a very high threshold.

Amongst all the geniuses, only Meng Chuan attained an S grade.

S? An S actually appeared this year? Ji Yuantong looked at the only S grade on the list and fell silent.

Ji Yuantong scored 2 A-pluses and an A in the preliminaries. That was definitely an extremely monstrous score. However, Meng Chuan scored an S grade.

Ji Yuantong looked at Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan—who were not far away. He turned and left, but his eyes were filled with battle intent. After the final selection, I will definitely become number one.

Ninth. Yan Jin looked at his ranking calmly. Roughly ten people had Godfiend foundations that were on par with his. Being ranked ninth was quite low.

I cultivate dual sword techniques. The preliminaries only showcase a single sword’s strength. Yan Jin looked at the ranking. Only the final selection will showcase my true strength.

He admitted that he was weaker than Meng Chuan. But, he was still stronger than Jin Huan and the others! Yet, Jin Huan was ranked sixth, while he was ranked ninth.

There’s actually an S grade? Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Jin Huan, Princess Li Ying, Dong Fang, Ning Yibo, Yan Chitong, and many other geniuses were shocked when they saw the S grade. Especially those from the powerful Godfiend family clans, they knew how rare an S grade was in the preliminaries.

...

Blazing Sun Palace occupied a large area and had long prepared accommodation for exam participants and their family members. There were a lot of rooms, totaling three hundred rooms. Now, all the geniuses and family friends were settled in.

Meng Chuan and Meng Dajiang took two neighboring rooms.

Whoosh! Whoosh! It was late at night, and the snow didn’t let up.

Meng Chuan stared at the snow through the window as his thoughts drifted. The final selection was tomorrow. Although he was confident he could obtain a spot, he wasn’t sure about his final ranking.

Once a spot is obtained, one will be admitted into Archean Mountain officially. According to Archean Mountain’s rules, one has to reach an extremely high realm before one can leave the mountain. I wonder when I will next return to my hometown. In five years? Ten years?

The time he returned home would definitely be far into the future. He definitely wouldn’t be able to see his grandaunt again. The clan leader was in his nineties, and few mortals could live past a hundred years. It was unlikely that they could meet again.

I know what you’re looking forward to. I won’t disappoint you. Meng Chuan vowed silently.

...

Elsewhere in Blazing Sun Palace.

Candle flames flickered.

When King East River heard the snowfall, he smiled and wrote a letter in his room. After writing it, he smiled in satisfaction.

“Ah Tong,” said King East River. His voice traveled a quarter kilometer away.

Soon, a figure arrived at King East River’s residence.

“Go, send this letter to Mountain Lord.” King East River waved his hand, and the letter flew out. It flew out the window and arrived at the figure in the yard.

“Yes.” A pair of wings sprouted out from the figure’s back. With a whoosh, he soared into the sky and flew towards Archean Mountain rapidly.

Heavy snow indicates a bountiful harvest. King East River looked at the snow outside and smiled. We’ve discovered another peerless piece of unpolished jade. I hope he can grow and become a powerful Godfiend for us humans.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85 - Going Up Archean Mountain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The snow had stopped by the next morning. Thick snow covered the ground.

After eating breakfast, the geniuses and their family members gathered in an open space outside a hall.

I’m finally at the final selection. It’s my last chance. A genius stood alone in the corner, his eyes filled with determination. I have to make a final gamble. I’m already twenty years old. I must get a spot this time.

Many geniuses fell silent. The pressure was immense.

Even the princess, Li Ying, and the others who barely made it to the top ten in the preliminaries were nervous. They were confident of getting a spot, but they were afraid! If Archean Mountain were to suddenly choose other seedlings, pushing them beyond the top 20, wouldn’t it be dumbfounding?

After the initial selection, the only ones who would definitely get a spot were probably Meng Chuan, Ji Yuantong, and Zong Sha.

“They’re coming.”

“King East River and the others are here.”

Everyone fell silent. Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan looked up. King East River, the sloppy man, and the cyan-clothed woman walked in from the entrance. The three of them stopped in front of the crowd.

King East River swept his gaze across everyone and said, “Today is Archean Mountain’s final selection. The final selection will be your last chance. As long as you show enough strength or have sufficient potential, our Archean Mountain will give you a spot. However, there are only twenty spots. Most of you are destined to be eliminated.”

Everyone listened calmly.

“Do a good job. Eighty-three of you are already twenty this year,” said the sloppy man as well. “If you miss this chance, you won’t have a second chance.”

“Let’s go.” After King East River spoke, the space around him distorted, enveloping everyone present. People could not look at King East River directly once again.

Meng Chuan felt an invisible force envelop him gently. There was something invisible beneath his feet, supporting him. Following that, he flew up.

The three Godfiends flew up with nearly two hundred people. They flew straight towards the massive Archean Mountain—which towered into the clouds.

How can they fly so fast with nearly two hundred people being carried by them? Meng Chuan was somewhat shocked as well. The geniuses saw themselves flying higher and higher, slowly exiting Archean City as they headed towards Archean Mountain.

He could clearly see Archean Mountain, but even at King East River’s terrifying speed, it still took ten minutes for them to arrive.

Meng Chuan and company were shocked when they faced Archean Mountain up close.

Towering, massive, vast...

It was so big that they appeared tiny in front of it.

Whoosh.

After flying through the mountain, they went past mountainsides, mountain peaks, and mountain valleys.

King East River led the geniuses to the entrance of a massive canyon. Many Godfiends had already gathered at the entrance. Aside from Marquis Southcloud, Marquis West Sea, and the other Godfiends—who had been watching yesterday—there were also unfamiliar Godfiends. They numbered about fifty.

“That’s Meng Chuan?”

“S-grade spiritual perception?”

Many of the Godfiends—who had just arrived—noticed Meng Chuan.

After King East River landed, he walked to a linen-clothed elder.

“Elder Yi,” said King East River with a smile. “Are you here to watch the final selection as well?”

“Mountain Lord personally instructed me to take a good look at this Meng Chuan,” said the elder. The two of them stood in front of the other Godfiends. The other Godfiends clearly respected the two since they were Regis Godfiends. There were very few Regis Godfiends, and they held extremely high statuses. Furthermore, most Regis Godfiends had to guard large-scale passes, preventing them from leaving. It was very rare for two Regis Godfiends to spectate the test.

“You can begin,” said the elder. “I’ll just watch from the sidelines.”

“Okay.” King East River took a few steps forward and looked at the geniuses. He said, “The final selection has two trials. The first trial is demon-slaying!”

Many geniuses’ eyes lit up immediately. Archean Mountain’s final assessment often changed, but demon-slaying was an immutable trial!

“Many of you believe that you couldn’t showcase your true strength at the preliminaries. Now your chance is here. Slaying demons is the best way to showcase your strength.” King East River pointed at the canyon in front of them. “Look, there are countless demons imprisoned in the canyon. In a while, you will be engaging them in battle. You can kill as many as you want. Killing ten demon lieutenant commanders is enough. Any more would be useless. As for demon commanders? The more you kill, the better.”

Only then did Meng Chuan and company take a closer look at the canyon.

The huge canyon was blocked by fog. Through the fog, one could vaguely see caves on the cliffs. If one listened carefully, they could hear low growls.

The caves on the cliff sides were quite far away from Meng Chuan, exceeding the range of his senses—which was half a kilometer.

Countless demons are imprisoned in the canyon? Why would Archean Mountain imprison so many demons? Is it to test us? Meng Chuan wondered about Archean Mountain’s motives.

“The trial lasts for five minutes,” continued King East River. “If you are about to lose your lives, I will rescue you. Alright, all of you can enter.”

Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Ji Yuantong, Zong Sha, Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Yan Chitong, Jin Huan, and the other geniuses walked towards the huge canyon.

As for the family members, they could only watch the trial nervously.

“King East River,” said a red-robed Godfiend.

“Let’s begin.” King East River nodded.

Only then did the red-robed woman take a step forward. Her figure blurred as she arrived in the huge valley.

Meng Chuan and company stared at the red-robed Godfiend in surprise.

The red-robed Godfiend continued walking. She walked one step at a time, passing many geniuses before reaching the caves near the huge canyon.

Every cave had chained demons. These demons had limited motion. They lived in the dim caves for extended periods and hated humans even more.

Suddenly, their chains unlocked and fell to the ground with a thud.

“Oh?” The demons in the cave were somewhat alarmed. Why had the chains—that imprisoned them—unlock? However, they were immediately overjoyed.

“We can leave now.”

“A demon monarch must have saved us.” The demons rushed out of the caves.

The red-robed Godfiend walked through the canyon. Many demons were jumping down from the caves. Some demons were scaling the cliffs like they were walking. Some demons spread their wings and flew above the canyon.

The ground, cliffs, and sky were filled with demons. There were over a thousand of them.

“There’s a human here.”

“Kill her.”

The demons lunged at the female Godfiend.

“Silence,” shouted the female Godfiend suddenly. As she spoke, invisible waves of power spread across the valley.

The demons—that were originally excited and ferocious—quietened down as they looked at the red-robed woman respectfully.

Meng Chuan and company felt their hearts tremble.

One sentence was enough to silence and stop over 1000 demons—that were enemies of their race?

The red-robed Godfiend turned to look at Meng Chuan and company. “There are 1,227 demons here. Among them, there are over a thousand demon lieutenant commanders. The demon commanders number 135. You have to protect yourself first before thinking of ways to kill these demons.”

The geniuses’ expressions changed. Even Meng Chuan and Yan Jin had solemn expressions. They knew how powerful demon commanders were. Yet, there were over a hundred demon commanders here?

If they fought head-on, the geniuses wouldn’t be able to touch the other party. Instead of demon-slaying, they could easily end up being the ones slain!

“Kill. Kill all the humans in front of you.” The red-robed Godfiend pointed at Meng Chuan and company.

The thousand obedient demons’ eyes turned red as they went mad. Their roars, shrill screams, and whines resounded throughout the canyon. They charged at Meng Chuan and company frenziedly. Some flew in the sky, while others rapidly climbed the cliffs. Most of them charged at them on the ground.

The red-robed Godfiend watched this scene calmly. Following that, she flew back to the canyon entrance.

“It’s starting.”

King East River and the other Godfiends watched calmly. By the side, an incense stick had already been lit.

The demon-slaying trial lasted for five minutes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 - First Assessment in the Final Selection
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the fog-filled canyon.

“Take up formation!”

“Take up formation!”

The geniuses shouted one after another. They had a total of a hundred people, only ten people could match a demon commander! On the other hand, there were 135 demon commanders and over 1000 demon lieutenant commanders. If they didn’t join forces, they would probably be defeated very quickly.

Eleven sharpshooters stood in the middle of the formation while the other geniuses protected them.

Meng Chuan and Ji Yuantong were the only ones that dared to charge into the demon army, but that was only brute courage. Only by cooperating with their companions would their efficiency be higher.

He had cultivated in a Dao Academy since he was young; thus he knew the need for cooperation.

“They’re coming.” All the geniuses solemnly stared at the charging demons.

“Scram!” Dong Fang—who was one of the strongest—wielded a large shield and a large axe. With a swing of his barbed shield, he sent a wolf demon flying. Its bones were fractured by the impact. Following that, Dong Fang swung his axe and cleaved a tiger demon lieutenant commander to death.

“Block!” Many geniuses used their shields to block.

One blade after another stabbed out from the gaps in the wall of shields, killing the demon lieutenant commanders sinisterly.

At the same time, the eleven sharpshooters rapidly shot arrows. The geniuses who could enter the top hundred were the strongest mortal youths. Their arrows bombarded the demons at extreme speeds. The bombardment hit the demons while they were distracted by the other geniuses, reaping their lives. In the blink of an eye, dozens of demon lieutenant commanders died.

In terms of killing efficiency, sharpshooters were the most terrifying.

The human’s circular phalanx formation was like a meat grinder.

Growl—

Under the red-robed Godfiend’s command, the demons attacked madly. None of them were afraid of death. They constantly charged towards the shields! Flying demons also swooped down and attacked.

As demon lieutenant commanders were slaughtered, demon commanders arrived at the formation.

“The demon commanders are here.”

“Everyone, be careful.”

The geniuses were becoming more cautious. They also wished to kill the demons. This was Archean Mountain’s entrance examination—they naturally wanted to perform well.

Demon commanders’ auras were even stronger, and they were all much larger!

A rhinoceros demon commander—wielding two hammers—took wide strides. When it came close, it let out a furious grunt as the hammers slammed down.

Bam. Chu Yong blocked one hammer head-on with his saber. Following that, his saber changed direction, and he slashed at the rhinoceros demon’s knee. As for the other hammer, it slammed into the ground.

Swoosh.

An arrow flashed past and pierced the rhinoceros demon’s face. It penetrated a foot deep, but the rhinoceros demon didn’t care about such injuries.

Pfft. An arrow pierced the rhinoceros demon’s eyes and penetrated deep into its head. Only then did the rhinoceros demon tremble and collapse.

Chu Yong held the demons back while Li Ying and Zong Sha killed a demon commander in quick succession with an arrow each.

However, more demon commanders were here!

The first wave of demon commanders caused the circular phalanx formation to waver. The geniuses were unable to stop the demon commanders.

“Ah.”

“Not good.”

Suddenly, part of the circular phalanx formation began to collapse. A cat demon commander— who had transformed into a black stream of light—was fearless as it attacked. Geniuses fell to the ground. However, when the cat demon was about to tear the humans apart with its claws, an invisible force enveloped the youths and pulled them to the canyon entrance. Archean Mountain Godfiends had rescued the injured geniuses.

When death was imminent, the Godfiends would save them.

We were defeated the moment the demon commanders attacked? The geniuses, who had been rescued, felt mixed emotions. They watched the demons charge at the circular phalanx formation as they flew towards the canyon entrance.

Meng Chuan ignored a demon commander and quickly went to block the cat demon commander.

The two had a contest of speed. He used the incomplete Five Lightning Descent—his three-hit combo!

The fastest strike of his combo was Swaying Moonfall. His saber struck the cat commander’s abdomen, leaving a gaping wound. Shortly after, an arrow pierced the cat demon’s head. The cat demon was fast, but its body was much weaker than a bear demon, or an ox demon.

Meng Chuan turned his head and saw Zong Sha smile before he continued shooting.

Meng Chuan also realized how easily he suppressed the demon commanders compared to when the demons had invaded Eastcalm Prefecture. In the past half-year, pushing his Saber Force to its limits had increased his strength. However, he would take at least ten strikes to kill a demon commander. Even then, some demon commanders would be unkillable for him. Fortunately, he had sharpshooters helping. A sharpshooter’s arrows were much faster than his saber.

...

Time passed.

Many human geniuses struggled to hold on and had to be rescued after the demon commanders had charged into their circular phalanx formation.

The trial ended.

“Stop.” The red-robed woman’s voice resounded in the canyon. All the demons stopped fighting and became docile.

“Return to your respective caves,” instructed the woman. The demons either ran, crawled, or flew. They obediently returned to their respective caves on the cliff walls. Affected by an invisible force, the demons were chained.

There were only seven bloodied people left standing in the canyon—Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Ji Yuantong, Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Sharpshooter Zong Sha, and Sharpshooter Li Ying.

They stood there, breathing haggardly.

“It’s over?” asked Yan Feng hoarsely.

“Five minutes are up.” Chu Yong sat down in exhaustion.

“Those demons were crazy.” Ji Yuantong was also exhausted.

Yan Jin stood silently. His fingers—that were holding the two swords—had turned white.

Meng Chuan heaved a sigh of relief.

“Thank you, everyone,” Zong Sha said. “If it weren’t for you protecting us, we wouldn’t have been able to hold on.”

“If you wish to thank someone, thank Meng Chuan. He did his best to protect the two of you,” said Yan Feng as he held his spear.

“Young Master Meng is indeed impressive.” Princess Li Ying laughed.

Meng Chuan only nodded and couldn’t be bothered speaking. He was exhausted. He had been extremely focused for five whole minutes as he frantically tried to put out fires everywhere.

He could easily assess the situation around him with his 100 foot domain. He could deal with any problems that arose. He also relied on his speed to protect the two sharpshooters. Of course, the others were also trying their best to protect the sharpshooters.

Sharpshooters were much more efficient at killing demons. On a battlefield, the sharpshooters needed to be protected.

“The two of you are really powerful. When the three demon commanders used the poisonous fog, the two of you charged into the demon horde and killed the three demon commanders.” Princess Li Ying felt even more poignant. It was a harrowing memory. If they hadn’t killed the three demon commanders, they wouldn’t be able to hold on for long.

“The first trial of the final selection is over. The seven of you, hurry over,” ordered the blue-clothed woman.

Meng Chuan and the others immediately headed towards the canyon.

...

King East River, the sloppy-looking man, and the blue-clothed woman accurately evaluated the geniuses’ performances during the trial.

“There are some geniuses who have high realms and strong Godfiend foundations. However, when it comes to intense battles, they are shocked. They can only unleash 70% of their full strength. They can even go into killing frenzies on the battlefield, destroying any combat formations set up. They then become counter-productive to what we want.” The cyan-clothed woman shook her head. “These are people with poor combat talent.”

“Talent in cultivation doesn’t mean that one’s combat talent is high,” said the sloppy man with a smile.

Combat talent was very important. A Godfiend with high combat talent could kill about five enemies that were of similar strength.

“Of these hundred geniuses, seven are lacking in combat talent. What’s the point of nurturing such fools?” said the cyan-clothed woman. “Most geniuses performed as expected. They know how to cooperate and not burden their companions. Only twelve are truly talented in combat.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87 - Ninth from the Bottom
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The sloppy man smiled and said, “Senior Sister Qingyu, don’t ask too much of them. These geniuses haven’t served in the military. They will perform much better after five years on the battlefield.”

“What we need are geniuses. Cultivation time for geniuses is very precious. How can we let them slowly hone themselves on the battlefield?” said the cyan-clothed woman.

“We can discuss and determine the ranking after the second trial is over,” said King East River. “Let’s begin the second trial. This is the most important test.”

“Yes.” The cyan-robed woman and the sloppy-looking man nodded.

There was only one final test left.

If the demon-slaying was to determine geniuses’ true combat strength and combat talent, the second trial was to determine a genius’s potential.

...

The geniuses were floating again. They flew with the Godfiends and finally landed on a vast mountain.

“I’ll give you an hour to rest.” King East River looked at the exhausted geniuses. Many geniuses had bandaged their bloody wounds. “In an hour, we’ll carry out the second trial! This is Archean Mountain’s final assessment. Once it’s over, we’ll decide the twenty who will be admitted to Archean Mountain.”

Meng Chuan and company sat down in lotus positions immediately. Quintessential Essence circulated through their bodies as they recovered their energy.

“It’s the final assessment.”

“Archean Mountain Godfiends must reach the Great Solar realm at the very least. If one doesn’t have the potential to become a Great Solar Godfiend, there’s no need to nurture them.” Marquis Southcloud and the other Godfiends chatted by the side. Although there were many Godfiends in the Great Zhou Dynasty, most of them weren’t Great Solar Godfiends.

The Great Solar realm was the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage’s theoretical limit.

For instance, Fairy Meng, Yun Wanhai, and others were only outer sect disciples of Archean Mountain. They were lucky enough to become Godfiends. Most of them were Indestructible Godfiends. Even Jadesun Palace Lord was only at the second Firmament—the Indestructible realm. Jadesun Palace Lord came from Archean Mountain. He cultivated a powerful Godfiend body and had a robust foundation. This allowed him to withstand simultaneous attacks from a third Firmament demon monarch and multiple second Firmament demon monarchs.

This was the standard of Archean Mountain disciples. With a strong foundation and strength, one could typically stay alive even if they were fighting someone one realm higher! Furthermore, reaching the Great Solar realm was just the first goal.

Jadesun Palace Lord was very young. Ultimately, he was far from reaching his limits. He was temporarily in charge of defending an ordinary city.

...

Meng Chuan recovered as he restored his Quintessential Essence fully.

“An hour has passed.” King East River’s voice rang out.

The geniuses sitting cross-legged opened their eyes. They immediately stood up and looked at King East River. Their families and friends, as well as the many Godfiends, were filled with anticipation.

“The final trial is to test your heart.” King East River pointed at a huge altar in the distance. The altar was a four-cornered pyramid. Each side was lined with over a hundred steps, and they continued to the top. The altar was made of limestone, and there were mottled marks on them. Clearly, it had a long history.

“This is the Darkness Altar. Once you step onto the altar, you’ll find yourself trapped in darkness. You need to maintain your lucidity in the darkness. The higher you go, the more outstanding you will be. If you sink into the darkness, you will fail.”

“Alright, let’s begin,” said King East River.

Meng Chuan and the others hesitated for a moment before they split up and walked up to the Darkness Altar. There were twenty people on each side. Soon, someone took the first step up. A faint black fog immediately rose up from the limestone steps and seeped into the person’s body. The person trembled, and he hesitated for a moment before continuing to advance. The others also climbed the altar step by step. Black fog rising from beneath their feet seeped into their bodies.

Boom!

Meng Chuan took a step forward. A faint black fog rose from the limestone steps and seeped into his body, quickly spreading towards his head.

Meng Chuan felt his head spin. He felt like he was in a nightmare. Many demon monarchs and bloodthirsty Skydemons charged over. The demon monarchs and Skydemons had terrifying auras that far exceeded Demon Monarch Poison Pool’s. Meng Chuan felt his body stiffen as though it was very difficult for him to move.

Walk. Continue walking. It’s all an illusion. An illusion. Meng Chuan persuaded himself constantly. He forced his body to move, but his body was stiffer than an 80-year-old man. He struggled to advance.

As he took a step forward, the black fog—that seeped out from the limestone steps—increased. It constantly entered his body, affecting his body, soul—everything.

The illusions also grew stronger. The impact on his body was even stronger. Meng Chuan tried his best to control his body and advance.

...

Every genius walked very slowly. The higher they went, the slower they became.

On the eighth step, one genius stopped moving. He was motionless for fifteen seconds before the black fog completely engulfed his head. His eyes turned pitch-black, and the whites in his eyes were gone.

The cyan-clothed woman frowned when she saw this. “His willpower is too weak. How can someone with such willpower reach the Realm of Soul? How can he become a Great Solar Godfiend?”

In all kinds of skills such as saber arts and sword techniques, there was the Unity realm, the Realm of Force, and the Realm of Intent. Meng Chuan was presently pursuing Saber Intent. The fourth realm was the Realm of Soul.

Whoosh. King East River waved his hand, and an invisible force enveloped the genius, removing him from the altar.

The genius left the Darkness Altar, and the black fog quickly receded into the altar.

Without the black fog affecting him, the genius regained his consciousness. Only then did he realize that he was the only one not on the altar. Dazedly, he stood still. I’m the worst in the final trial?

Soon, there were two youths that stopped at the tenth step. The black fog enveloped their heads, and their eyes turned black without any white visible. They were moved away from the altar.

“All Archean Mountain Godfiends become Great Solar Godfiends unless we die in battle,” said Marquis West Sea as he watched. “When they participate in the assessment, they are almost twenty years of age. They should have at least 30% of the willpower needed to reach the Great Solar realm, right? To not have 30% of the required willpower means their chances of becoming a Great Solar Godfiend are slim.”

“Their potential is too low,” the other Godfiends agreed.

Regardless of how strong a Godfiend’s foundation was or how talented they were in combat, they would usually be eliminated if their results in the final trial were terrible.

Willpower was very special. Sometimes, a mortal could have strong willpower. Sometimes, even a Godfiend wouldn’t have shocking willpower.

One genius after another stopped in their tracks.

“They need to reach the 30th step at the very least. If they can’t reach it, their willpower would be too weak.” The Godfiends watched.

“Huh?”

All the Godfiends’ expressions changed. The spectating families and friends also revealed looks of astonishment.

The thin Ji Yuantong—with a pair of huge hammers on his back—stopped on the 17th step. He stood still as the black fog gradually gathered around his head.

“No way!?”

“Ji Yuantong, he, he can’t be...”

The Godfiends were astonished.

He was one of the two most dazzling geniuses in this year’s entrance examination. His physical talent was definitely the best. His spiritual perception talent was also rather good, second only to Meng Chuan! He was one of the rare geniuses that would only appear once every ten years in Archean Mountain.

But he had actually stopped at the 17th step?

“Go on up.” The sloppy man frowned, his eyes filled with anxiety.

Ji Yuantong trembled slightly as if he was struggling. However, the black fog gradually gathered around his head, and his eyes gradually turned black. In the end, there was not a single hint of white...

He was like a statue—motionless.

“Ji Yuantong stopped at the 17th step?” The Godfiends were heartbroken. They were overjoyed every time they saw a peerless genius. It meant that they might have a powerful companion in the future. Ji Yuantong had only reached the 17th step in the final trial, and it truly disappointed them. They were left anxious.

“Sigh.” King East River shook his head gently. With a thought, Ji Yuantong flew off the altar and was brought to the ground. Ji Yuantong came in ninth from the bottom in this trial.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88 - How Could That Be Me?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The geniuses on the Darkness Altar all had black fog—which seeped into their bodies—rising from beneath their feet.

Meanwhile, Ji Yuantong regained consciousness. Ji Yuantong’s gaze swept around him. Only nine people have been eliminated? His heart sank. I’m ranked 92nd out of a hundred people?

How proud was he?

He had been supercilious towards his peers since he was young. He couldn’t care less about his siblings. His family clan also nurtured him with all their might, hoping that the Ji family would produce another powerful Godfiend.

He had regarded Meng Chuan as his only competitor in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. However, he was ranked near the bottom for the final assessment.

Their wills are all stronger than mine? Ji Yuantong looked at the geniuses above him. Many of them had never consumed natural treasures before. He had thought nothing of them in the past, but these geniuses were slowly advancing step by step. As for him, he had already been eliminated.

...

Ji Yuantong’s potential needs to be greatly reconsidered. I hope there won’t be any accidents with the others that have strong Godfiend foundations. This was a common thought shared by many Godfiends.

Archean Mountain valued Godfiends with strong foundations, high cultivation realms, and good combat talent. They hoped that the geniuses wouldn’t be lacking when it came to willpower.

One after another, geniuses collapsed as they ascended the altar.

“Hahaha...”

The Godfiends suddenly laughed. This was because among these geniuses, the youngest genius—Yan Chitong—had stopped at the 22nd step. His eyes had also turned pitch-black. King East River smiled as he moved Yan Chitong down.

“Marquis West Sea, your son is not bad.”

“That’s right. To be able to reach the 22nd step of the Darkness Altar at the age of thirteen is already very impressive.”

“His mind is still maturing. He’s very outstanding for reaching the 22nd step,” commented the Godfiends while smiling.

Yan Chitong was still a teenager. However, Ji Yuantong was already an adult. An adult’s mind was typically mature, but he only reached the seventeenth step. This truly broke the hearts of many Godfiends.

I actually lost. Yan Chitong returned to his senses as well. He couldn’t help but clench his fists indignantly as he stared at the geniuses still on the Darkness Altar. However, when his gaze landed on Ji Yuantong, he grinned.

...

The 30th step was Archean Mountain’s minimum requirement for their future Godfiends. Fortunately, the other geniuses—who they thought highly of—with strong Godfiend foundations had all achieved the minimum requirement. Among 100 geniuses, 26 had failed to reach the 30th step.

“Huh?”

“Chu Yong also stopped?”

The Godfiends frowned slightly.

The former number one genius of the capital, Chu Yong, stopped at the 38th step. His eyes turned pitch-black, and he stood still like a statue. Although he had passed the demarcating line, his result of 38 steps was very mediocre. It was below average amongst the 100 geniuses.

But following that, Princess Li Ying and Jin Huan—whose speed was second only to Meng Chuan—stopped at the 39th step.

“What?”

“The three of them stopped in succession.”

King East River and the others frowned slightly. Other than Yan Chitong, those with robust Godfiend foundations numbered ten. They were none other than Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Zong Sha, Li Ying, Jin Huan, Ning Yibo, Dong Fang, and Ji Yuantong. Apart from Yan Feng having a fortuitous encounter, the rest were specially nurtured by their family clans.

Their cultivation realms and Godfiend foundations were extremely profound. Ji Yuantong had broken many people’s hearts after halting on the 17th step. Chu Yon had stopped at the 37th, while Li Ying and Jin Huan had stopped at the 39th step. Their results were below average. Soon, the brawny Dong Fang stopped at the 43rd step. He was considered average, ranking fiftieth.

“Out of the ten geniuses with robust Godfiend foundations, half of them are below the 50th step.” The Godfiends watched calmly. This was something they had expected. One’s Godfiend foundation and talent had nothing to do with willpower. Of the 100 geniuses, 61 didn’t reach the 50th step. It was normal if half of those—with strong Godfiend foundations—to fail to reach the 50th step. The ratio was expected.

...

Time passed.

The geniuses advanced up the altar step by step.

Ning Yibo stopped on the 59th step and was moved away from the Darkness Altar.

Oh? When Ning Bo regained consciousness, he raised his head and saw that the slowest remaining genius on the Darkness Altar was at the 60th step. There are still 18 geniuses left on the Darkness Altar.

Among the geniuses he paid much attention to, only Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Zong Sha, and Yan Feng were still climbing the Darkness Altar with great difficulty.

Meng Chuan felt like he was in a nightmare that he couldn’t wake up from. He could sense his body, but it was like he was in a trance.

These are all illusions. They are all fake. Continue walking. Meng Chuan tried to maintain clarity of his mind and forced his body to continue moving.

Illusions constantly barraged his mind, making him feel like he had fallen into an abyss. He was starting to confuse his real memories with the illusions. It was as though the illusions were real.

Wake up. Stay awake. Meng Chuan roared angrily. You can’t hold on because of these puny illusions? You want to kill all demons with such willpower?

He was furious. He was angry about being affected by the illusions. However, no matter how angry he was, his memories became blurrier as his consciousness sank deeper into the illusions. The illusions became closer and closer to reality.

In one illusion, he was a soldier. He and his companions faced the overwhelming horde of demons on the battlefield. His companions died one after another.

I can’t stop them. I can’t. How can I withstand so many demons alone? I’ll be killed. He and his remaining companions were gripped with fear. Countless demons surged towards them. He only had a few allies left by his side. His comrades were torn apart, and their blood splattered on his body.

Fear and despair filled his heart.

Eventually, he was the only human alive on the battlefield! All his comrades lay dead as countless demons charged at him ferociously.

There was no hope! It was over!

How can this be me? So weak and so fearful! How can this be me?

An angry roar sounded in his heart.

He felt pure anger.

He was angry at his weakness, angry that this was all fake!

Even if I—Meng Chuan—were to die today, I’ll continue killing until I drop. If I can kill one demon, I’ll kill one. If I can kill ten, I’ll kill ten. Meng Chuan roared inwardly. I, Meng Chuan, will never fear demons! Even in death!

Meng Chuan’s will condensed, and he escaped the illusions. His perception of his body grew clearer. Meng Chuan regained some control over his mind, and his memories became much clearer.

He remembered that he was still walking on the Darkness Altar.

Continue walking. Remember Eastcalm Prefecture. Remember those weak civilians that used their bodies to block the demons for their children. Remember how Third Elder sacrificed himself for the young clansmen.

For generations, people have charged forward. I’m also one of them. How can I be afraid of demons? I once swore an oath to kill all demons! I’ll first sever my weakness and fear!

Meng Chuan’s will continued to condense as he continued climbing the altar.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89 - Spots
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Black fog would seep into Meng Chuan’s body every step he took up the altar. The illusions continued to increase in potency.

Countless illusions attacked his mind, yanking Meng Chuan’s consciousness so that he would fall into an abyss.

No one can stop me. If I can’t even destroy illusions, how can I kill all demons? Meng Chuan’s condensed will was like a saber. This saber was for demon-slaying, so he wanted to slice through the obstructions on his cultivation path.

He continued to advance with great difficulty, but as he advanced, the black fog grew thicker. The illusions’ influence on his body and consciousness grew stronger. Even though his will was like a blade, his consciousness was shrouded by the illusions.

When his memories were muddled up, the illusions became more realistic. He gradually lost his perception of his body.

Boom!

An invisible force appeared in his mind.

Oh? Power of the Soul? Meng Chuan suddenly sobered up. He had completely recovered his memories, blocking the illusions’ influence over him. Although he didn’t use the Power of the Soul actively, it had expelled the black fog from his body just before he succumbed to the illusions.

The Power of the Soul is impressive. It can easily block these illusions. But if that’s the case, how would I temper my willpower? He immediately restrained the Power of the Soul, preventing it from helping him. The illusions attacked his mind once again, causing his consciousness to sink into the abyss. However, the Power of the Soul ultimately allowed him to keep a sliver of consciousness.

This sliver of clarity allowed him to identify the illusions, however, he was unable to break free of them. Furthermore, he couldn’t sense his body. His consciousness seemed to be trapped in a cage of darkness.

Although he could destroy the cage of darkness with his Power of the Soul, Meng Chuan didn’t do so.

I can’t sense my body at all. I can’t move any further. I should have failed.

...

Outside.

King East River and company watched from afar. After Ji Yuantong stopped, they paid even more attention to Meng Chuan.

If Ji Yuantong was a rare genius that appeared once a decade, then Meng Chuan’s spiritual perception talent was simply inconceivable. Such talent had only appeared once in recent centuries. Therefore, all the Godfiends present placed great importance on Meng Chuan. If Meng Chuan lacked willpower, it would be ten times worse than Ji Yuantong failing at the 17th step.

30 steps, 40 steps, 50 steps, 60 steps.

Seeing Meng Chuan slowly advance, the Godfiends gradually relaxed. To pass the sixtieth step meant that he had outstanding willpower.

On the 66th step, Yan Feng stopped. Meng Chuan stopped at the 68th step.

“Oh? Meng Chuan is about to stop?”

“The 68th step is not bad. He’s ranked 10th for this assessment.”

“To become a Great Solar Godfiend, one needs to reach the 103rd step of the Darkness Altar! He has reached the 68th step at the age of 18. He will naturally grow. In ten years, he will easily reach the top of the altar.

The Godfiends were quite satisfied with Meng Chuan’s results.

Meng Chuan stopped on the 68th step for a few seconds, his eyes gradually turning pitch black. However, his eyes soon returned to normal. Meng Chuan continued to move upwards. Meng Chuan was angry at his powerlessness, so his willpower and resilience improved. His willpower was a blade that cut through illusions, which is why he continued to move upwards.

“Oh? He was about to fail, yet he managed to escape the illusion? Having breakthroughs at critical moments is very rare,” said Elder Yi with a smile.

King East River nodded. “His inner will is very powerful. After encountering trouble, his heart will become more resolute. His will can be even more resilient.”

Under the Godfiends’ watch, geniuses gradually stopped.

Zong Sha stopped at the 71st step. He ranked 8th among the hundred geniuses! He was extremely outstanding.

At the 75th step, Meng Chuan stopped again. The black fog enveloped his head again, and his eyes gradually turned pitch-black. Although he struggled midway, his eyes eventually turned black. His entire body remained motionless like a statue.

“75th step. Very good.” King East River smiled and nodded. An invisible force enveloped Meng Chuan and dumped him in an empty area. The black fog quickly separated from his body and receded into the Darkness Altar.

Without the black fog in his body, Meng Chuan quickly regained consciousness and his control over his body.

I was moved down? Meng Chuan looked up. There were four people left—still struggling to climb higher.

The only genius with an extremely strong Godfiend foundation left was Yan Jin. The other three didn’t enjoy much fame.

“Meng Chuan, you reached the 75th step.” Princess Li Ying smiled as she walked over. Her eyes glimmered, and she became much more endearing. “You’re fifth amongst the hundred of us. However, the ranking isn’t important. A strong will is needed to become a Great Solar Godfiend. All you need to do is reach the top of the Darkness Altar. Since you’ve already reached the 75th step, you’ll probably reach the top in three years or so.”

Meng Chuan sighed. As expected of the princess of the imperial family. She knew a lot. He didn’t know much about Great Solar Godfiends. His father was a Body Tempering Godfiend, and the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage stopped at the Great Solar realm.

“But, I’m in much worse shape. I only reached the 39th step. I’ll have to spend more effort on my will in the future,” said Princess Li Ying with a smile. “Thankfully, reaching the Great Solar realm usually takes 20-30 years. I have plenty of time to increase my willpower slowly. By the way, do you know that Ji Yuantong stopped at the 17th step?”

“17th step?” Meng Chuan was shocked.

“Yes, I believe the Archean Mountain Godfiends have headaches,” said Li Ying.

Meng Chuan and Li Ying chatted until they saw Yan Jin finally stop on the 81st step. After he left the Darkness Altar, only two geniuses remained.

Zuo Xiao stopped on the 85th step.

Zhang Lie stopped on the 93rd step.

Zhang Lie’s results in the previous assessments were very mediocre. He was ranked 99th during the preliminaries. However, he ranked first in the final trial. He reached an unbelievable height of 93 steps. He wasn’t far from reaching the summit.

Zhang Lie and Zuo Xiao had never consumed any rare treasures. They were all from ordinary family clans, and they had suffered much hardship.

They only lack opportunities. They didn’t have any family help. Meng Chuan looked at Zuo Xiao and Zhang Lie and sighed inwardly.

This was human fate.

If he had grown up in a large family clan, living in luxury since a young age—thus being an elite with excellent cultivation conditions—he wouldn’t have experienced much hardship. That would’ve probably prevented him from reaching the 93rd step today.

“All the assessments have come to an end,” said King East River in a clear voice. “You can rest for an hour. After a discussion, the final twenty will be announced.”

The final name list is going to be decided.

Will I be included?

I wasn’t ranked at the top for the preliminaries, but I wasn’t too bad either. My performance was very average. I should be able to enter the top 20.

Many geniuses were extremely nervous as they thought about how Archean Mountain would decide the final twenty.

To many of them, obtaining a spot was a leap in status! If they couldn’t obtain a spot, they would have to accumulate credit on the battlefield slowly. Furthermore, they wouldn’t have any good teachers to guide them. In Archean Mountain, powerful Godfiends would guide disciples, and they were allowed to learn the strongest Godfiend legacies. They would also enjoy rare resources as nourishment. Most of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Great Solar Godfiends came from Archean Mountain.

Meng Chuan walked to Meng Dajiang. Yan Jin came as well.

“Both of you did well,” said Meng Dajiang happily. “From what I’ve seen, both of you will definitely get a spot.”

“Yan Jin, you ranked ninth in the preliminaries, and can be considered to be in the top five for the final selection.” Meng Chuan nodded. “You’ll definitely get a spot.”

“You should be number one,” said Yan Jin with a smile. After years of hard work, his first goal was to enter Archean Mountain. From the looks of it, nothing unexpected would happen.

...

The Godfiends discussed the geniuses’ performances.

As for King East River, the sloppy man, the cyan-clothed woman, and Elder Yi, they were busy discussing the top twenty.

“Ji Yuantong’s inner will is flawed, but his spiritual perception talent is extremely high. As long as he can make up for his lacking willpower in the future, he will become a powerful human Godfiend. We definitely have to give him a spot,” said the sloppy-looking man. “The other disciples will need to spend some effort to temper their wills at the Darkness Altar. For Ji Yuantong, let him spend more effort on this aspect.”

“We need to come up with a special plan to temper his will,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “We can make plans for him according to his childhood experiences. For example, a turning point in life, a desperate escape from despair, silver linings, marrying a wife and having children... I’d rather delay him for ten years to make up for his lacking willpower.”

“Yes.” King East River nodded. “I agree with giving him a spot, but in regards to his inner will... that requires a detailed plan.”

“There’s no need for you to waste your efforts on these matters,” said Elder Yi with a smile. “There are many old fellows on the mountain who can make proper plans for him. In the history of our Archean Mountain, we have had peerless geniuses with weak willpower.”

People with certain outstanding aspects could be recruited directly.

For example, Liu Qiyue had a Phoenix Divine Body bloodline. She didn’t take any tests and was directly admitted. Even if her cultivation were lacking or flawed, Archean Mountain would think of ways to make up for it.

For ordinary geniuses, wasting too much time would delay their cultivation in other aspects. It wasn’t worth Archean Mountain putting in too much effort to nurture them.

However, they made exceptions for certain geniuses.

“Ji Yuantong’s spot has been decided. What about Zhang Lie? Zhang Lie came in first at the Darkness Altar, but he’s very mediocre in other aspects,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “He only has a strong will. Without sufficient strength, how will he fight demons in the future?”

“He is really mediocre.” The sloppy man nodded. “We can let him try the Mirage Fiend lineage.”

“He might not be suitable for the Mirage Fiend lineage. I’m afraid only the Sanguine God lineage is suitable for him,” said King East River.

“Let’s give him a spot. We can give Illusion Fiend and Sanguine God a try. If he doesn’t become a high-grade Godfiend in ten years, then expel him from the inner sect,” said Elder Yi. Archean Mountain had rules too. If a disciple wanted to become a Godfiend, they would at least be a high-grade Godfiend! This was one of the reasons why the Archean Mountain Godfiends were powerful. If they didn’t become a high-grade Godfiend in ten years, they would be expelled from the inner sect and become an outer sect disciple.

King East River and the others discussed one genius after another. Every spot was extremely precious, so they had to take it seriously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90 - Meng Dajiang Returns Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

After some careful discussion, King East River and the others decided on the final twenty. In fact, most of the spots were already set in stone. Only a small number of them needed discussion.

“It’s decided.” King East River smiled.

Every year, the recruitment of disciples at Archean Mountain was an extremely important matter. In order to be fair, the Regis Godfiends and Marquis Godfiends who presided over it would change. They also felt the heavy responsibility. After all, they had to rely on the yearly fresh blood to integrate into the sect and form the current Archean Mountain.

...

Meng Chuan and company chatted as they waited. Some of the geniuses were even more nervous. Finally, an hour passed as King East River and company walked over from afar.

“They’re coming. They’re coming!”

“We’re going to announce the final name list.”

All the geniuses stared at the distant King East River. Their family and friends were equally nervous.

The moment of truth was about to happen!

Ji Yuantong stood by the side and watched silently. He was also afraid that he would be eliminated because of his poor performance during the final assessment.

“This year’s Archean Mountain entrance examination is over,” said King East River with a smile. “The list of twenty people has been decided. From first to twenty, it will be as follows: Meng Chuan, Zong Sha, Yan Feng, Yan Jin, Ning Yibo, Zuo Xiao, Chu Yong, Jin Huan, Dong Fang, Li Ying... Shangguang Feng, Ji Yuantong... Zhang Lie, Yu Chang. The aforementioned will be recruited by Archean Mountain.”

The geniuses and their family listened carefully for their names; some were overjoyed, others silent.

“My dear disciple, you entered. You entered. You’ve become a disciple of Archean Mountain.” The fat elder hugged his disciple, Zuo Xiao. Zuo Xiao was thrilled as well. “I got in! I got in!”

Zuo Xiao’s ranking was very high. He was ranked sixth, better than Chu Yong and company.

I got in.

I’ve become a disciple of Archean Mountain.

Many geniuses were extremely excited. Apart from the ten Godfiends who had robust Godfiend foundations, ten of them had mediocre foundations. There were seven geniuses who had never consumed any natural treasures.

The preliminaries’ third assessment—spiritual perception—and the final selection’s second trial—the Darkness Altar—tested one’s potential. The first assessment in the final selection mainly tested one’s strength and combat talent.

Therefore, many geniuses had the chance to be selected.

Ji Yuantong heard his name. He was ranked fifteenth in this selection.

As long as I enter the Archean Mountain, I will surpass Meng Chuan and the rest. Ji Yuantong vowed silently. I will also reach the top of this Darkness Altar!

Ever since he was young, he had never submitted to anyone. He believed that he was the strongest.

“Apart from the top twenty, Yan Chitong is only thirteen years old this year; he will be specially recruited as an Archean Mountain disciple,” said King East River. His voice resounded throughout the mountain. “Bid farewell to your family and friends as soon as possible. I will send all of them down the mountain in a while.”

Archean Mountain recruited a total of 21 disciples. Yan Chitong was specially recruited and did not take up any admission slots.

Archean Mountain clearly knew that the geniuses this year were more outstanding than in previous years. However, rules were rules. Other than special recruitment, only twenty people were accepted each year. Archean Mountain’s resources were limited. If too many disciples were recruited, the resources that every disciple enjoyed would decrease.

“Good, good, good.” Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan happily. “My son has finally entered Archean Mountain. If your grandaunt learns of this, she would definitely be very happy.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan’s heart churned. After cultivating for so many years, he had finally succeeded in entering the Archean Mountain.

“It’s time for me to leave,” said Meng Dajiang. “Many of Wu State’s geniuses and family will also return today. Uncle Liu and I will also return together. When you enter Archean Mountain and see Qiyue, tell her to send letters to Eastcalm Prefecture in the future.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

The distance between Archean City and Wu State was simply too far away. Marquis Southcloud escorted them here and would also escort them back! This was the fastest method. If they missed this opportunity, Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai would have to return to Eastcalm Prefecture slowly. That would take too long.

“Cultivate well in Archean Mountain.” Meng Dajiang stretched out his hand and stroked his son’s head. He smiled and said, “Dad won’t be able to accompany you any longer. The rest of your journey will depend on yourself.”

Meng Chuan’s heart tightened as he nodded.

His father had been by his side for so many years. He had enlightened him in the way of the saber and had been his sparring partner. He had prepared rare treasures for him. His father had saved him during the demon invasion. His father was like a huge tree that shielded him from the elements.

Now that he had grown up, he would cultivate in Archean Mountain. As for his father, he was in his hometown, thousands of kilometers away.

“Dad, I’ll make accomplishments in my cultivation as quickly as possible. I’ll head down the mountain to meet you when the time comes,” said Meng Chuan.

Meng Dajiang smiled and nodded.

Soon—other than the twenty-one newly recruited disciples—the other geniuses and their family and friends were personally sent down the mountain by King East River and brought to Archean City.

“All of you, follow me,” said the cyan-clothed woman. She levitated the twenty-one disciples before flying off with them.

Whoosh.

After they flew past a mountain range, they finally arrived at a towering mountain peak.

“This is Archean Mountain’s main peak—Yellow Reverence Peak. It’s the highest mountain peak in the mountain range.” The cyan-clothed woman led Meng Chuan and company to land in a courtyard.

An elder was already waiting in the courtyard. He bowed and greeted, “Aunt-Master.”

The twenty-one rookies were somewhat confused. However, Meng Chuan could sense how powerful the elder’s aura was. He was much stronger than Jadesun Palace Lord—who he had seen before. However, he also felt a strange sense of weakness, as though his aura was just a facade.

“This is your Senior Brother Wang,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “Archean Mountain Godfiends support each other. Those below the Darkstar realm are of the same generation. You can just address each other as senior and junior. Darkstar Godfiends are Marquis Godfiends.”

“Greetings, Senior Brother Wang.” Meng Chuan and the rest bowed.

The elder laughed. “Greetings, Junior Brothers and Sisters. It’s a happy occasion to see newcomers every year. Our Archean Mountain will produce more Godfiends.”

The cyan-clothed woman nodded and said, “You will stay here today. A grand ceremony will be held tomorrow. After that, you will be considered true disciples of Archean Mountain.”

With that said, she walked away.

The twenty-one disciples took up temporary residence. They would be official disciples of Archean Mountain tomorrow.

...

When night fell—

“Let’s go. Back to Wu State.”

In the courtyard of the Wu State Guild Hall in Archean City, Marquis Southcloud sat cross-legged on the back of a giant fiery-red bird. Behind him were nine geniuses and their families, as well as Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai. Everyone had just eaten dinner and had enough to fill their stomachs.

Whoosh.

The giant fiery-red bird soared into the sky, quickly passed through the clouds and flew above the city. Its speed soared as it flew towards Wu State.

The geniuses and their families on the bird’s back thought of all sorts of things. Three geniuses from the Wu State had been selected—a very high number. They were Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, and Shangguan Feng. The remaining geniuses who weren’t 20 yet could try again next year. Some of them were already 20 years old. They had to serve in the military immediately since it was already the end of the year.

Everyone had their own fate.

They flew through the night. It took them nearly six hours to arrive at Wu State.

The giant fiery-red bird was roughly 100 feet above the ground when Marquis Southcloud said, “We’re at Yufang Prefecture. Those who need to get off can get off now.”

“Thank you, Lord Marquis.” An old woman jumped down with a genius.

As a Marquis Godfiend, time was precious. It was only during Archean Mountain’s disciple recruitment that Marquis South Cloud escorted them back and forth, taking up a few days of his time.

He continued flying all over Wu State, sending the geniuses and their families and friends back to their prefecture, one after another.

“Eastcalm Prefecture is up ahead,” Marquis Southcloud said with a smile. The giant fiery-red bird descended to a lower height.

“Thank you, Lord Marquis.” Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai were grateful for the escort.

“Both Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are not bad.” Marquis Southcloud gave rare praise.

Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai couldn’t hide their smiles. After bowing respectfully, they jumped down to the ground.

Whoosh.

The giant fiery-red bird quickly rose into the air and flew towards another direction.

“Let’s go. Let’s go back quickly.” Meng Dajiang couldn’t help but use his movement technique to rush towards Eastcalm City.

“Look at how anxious you are.” Liu Yebai followed along.

Although the sky was dark, Eastcalm City’s gates had already opened. The hawkers who were selling goods and the travelers had already entered the city. Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai entered the city together.

Oh? Isn’t that Elder Meng?

He accompanied Young Master Meng to Archean Mountain for the examination. He’s back?

The guards at the door immediately recognized the famous Meng Dajiang from Eastcalm Prefecture.

“I won’t be going to the Meng family’s ancestral mansion with you.” Liu Yebai parted with Meng Dajiang midway. “I’ll return to Mirror Lake first.”

“Alright.” Meng Dajiang smiled and nodded. Then, he quickly used his movement technique and headed straight for the ancestral mansion.

Eh? Meng Dajiang is back? One of the shopkeepers in a street store recognized Meng Dajiang. He’s in a hurry, and he seems rather excited. Furthermore, he came back alone. Could it be that Meng Chuan has joined Archean Mountain? I have to report this to the clan immediately. The Godfiend families had many businesses in Eastcalm Prefecture, and they had many spies. When they saw Meng Dajiang, they immediately rushed back to report.

Along the way, people discovered Meng Dajiang. Everyone guessed what happened.

If Meng Chuan failed in the assessment, both father and son would have returned together. Furthermore, he wouldn’t rush to the ancestral mansion so excitedly. Of course, these were just guesses. In the end, they had to wait for official news from the government.

Meng Dajiang was extremely fast as he rushed to the ancestral mansion.

The clansmen at the ancestral mansion were astonished.

“Elder?”

“Elder has returned from Archean Mountain. Is there an outcome to Meng Chuan’s entrance examination?”

“Meng Chuan didn’t return; did he succeed?”

The clansmen were excited and had many guesses.

...

At the ancestral mansion’s ancestral hall, Fairy Meng knelt on a prayer mat as she prayed for Meng Chuan. She had been in the ancestral hall since 20th December.

She prayed for blessings, hoping that the ancestors would bless Meng Chuan so that he would enter Archean Mountain successfully.

“Oh?” Fairy Meng suddenly opened her eyes. “Dajiang is back?”

She immediately stood up. With a walking stick in hand, her figure blurred as she arrived several dozen feet away. In just a few steps, she arrived at the front yard of the ancestral mansion.

Many clansmen surrounded the front yard. Meng Dajiang—who had been rushing towards this direction—stopped when he saw Fairy Meng.

“Dajiang, how was it?” Fairy Meng’s pale face was filled with anticipation as her voice trembled slightly.

The other clansmen looked at Meng Dajiang expectantly.

“Chuan’er ranked first in the Archean Mountain entrance examination!” Meng Dajiang said excitedly. “He’s now an inner sect disciple of Archean Mountain!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91 - Matriculation Ceremony
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The surrounding clansmen were in an uproar.

This was the first person in Meng family’s history to enter Archean Mountain. It naturally made the clansmen feel extremely proud.

“He ranked first? He entered Archean Mountain?” Fairy Meng felt immense joy when she heard this. “Good, good.”

After saying just two words, she smiled and slowly walked towards her residence.

Too many thoughts arose in her mind. Times when her family seniors taught her when she was a child. Scenes of her Godfiend comrades dying at Calm Sea Pass after she became a Godfiend.

I didn’t let down the Meng family’s ancestors. Now, the Meng family has a successor who is ten times, a hundred times more outstanding than me. My old pals, my Meng family descendant has entered Archean Mountain. He will be much more powerful than us in the future. I believe that he will kill more demon monarchs than us. Fairy Meng smiled as she walked towards her small courtyard.

...

Archean Mountain.

Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Zong Sha, Li Ying, Ji Yuantong, Yan Chitong, and the other disciples were waited upon by servants. After breakfast, they waited for the ceremony to begin patiently.

“Junior Brothers and Sisters,” said the elderly Wang with a smile. “The ceremony is about to begin. Junior Brothers and Sisters, please follow me.”

“Let’s go.”

“The ceremony is about to begin.”

“It’s time for us to join Archean Mountain officially.”

The twenty-one disciples were filled with excitement and anticipation. Yan Chitong was the happiest. He ran all around barefoot. Since he was the youngest, everyone treated him as their junior brother.

The group of people walked up the mountain path to the main peak extremely quickly.

“A long time ago, the matriculation ceremony was held in the main hall—Yellow Reverence Hall. However, it has been held at Blood Red Cliff for the past few centuries,” said Wang as he walked ahead.

“Why was it changed?” Yan Chitong asked.

Wang pondered for a moment before saying, “You will know soon.”

Blood Red Cliff had lots of empty space. Beside it was a steep cliff. There were already many Godfiends gathered in the empty area.

Meng Chuan, Yan Chitong, and the others could only stand aside and wait.

“Ah Chuan.” A familiar voice rang out.

Meng Chuan turned around in surprise and saw Qiyue. After not seeing her for half a year, Qiyue’s aura had changed. She was more energetic, and her aura was stronger.

“Qiyue,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“We agreed to cultivate together in Archean Mountain,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “You’re finally here.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “By the way, my father and Uncle Liu have returned to Eastcalm Prefecture. If you want to send a letter in the future, send it directly to Eastcalm Prefecture.”

Liu Qiyue nodded and immediately instructed, “After the matriculation ceremony, they’ll let you choose your own cave abodes. My cave abode is at Bright Scenic Peak. There are two other empty cave abodes there. If you want to choose quickly, choose Bright Scenic Peak.”

“I’ll remember.” Meng Chuan nodded. He was naturally willing to live on the same mountain as Liu Qiyue.

As the two chatted, a series of clanging bells sounded. The sound of the bells echoed in all directions.

“The matriculation ceremony is about to begin.” After Liu Qiyue informed Meng Chuan, she immediately walked to the side and stood with the other disciples.

The 21 newly-recruited disciples stood elsewhere.

Hu! Hu! Hu!

Three figures descended. Standing in the middle was a purple-robed, white-haired elder. Beside him were King East River and Elder Yi.

“Greetings, Mountain Lord.” Nearly three hundred Godfiends stood and bowed respectfully. There were also some who had yet to become Godfiends like Liu Qiyue.

The 21 new disciples bowed as well before standing up.

“Today is a good day,” said the purple-robed, white-haired elder with a smile. “It’s the day our Archean Mountain takes in new disciples. I’m always happy to see new disciples join us every year.”

The Godfiends listened.

“Twenty-one new disciples.” The purple-robed elder looked at Meng Chuan and company. “This is Blood Red Cliff. It’s the place where every Archean Mountain Godfiend leaves and takes a commemoration photo after they are done with their cultivation.”

As he spoke, the purple-robed elder waved his hand.

Whoosh.

Blood Red Cliff’s wall immediately emitted a brilliant glow as numerous Godfiend figures appeared. They all gave off heroic vibes! Some wore armor and carried a blade on their backs, while others wore robes and carried swords on their waists. Some carried bows and quivers on their backs. Every single one of them had smiles on their faces, and their eyes were filled with fighting spirit.

“For Archean Mountain disciples, they can leave the mountain and join the battlefield once they clear the Nine Mystical Caves,” said the purple-robed elder. “The wall contains a total of 15,271 Godfiends. All of them have protected humans and engaged the demons in battle. Among them, 11,968 have died on the battlefield. More than half of their remains were never found. There are only about 3000 Godfiends left. Although they can retire in peace, all of them choose to spend their lives fighting.

“These are all the Archean Mountain Godfiends who fought with demons all their lives. Apart from that, we humans also have numerous Godfiends from Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Two World Island. There are also many ordinary Godfiends among the outer sect disciples. They, too, have answered the call of duty.”

The purple-robed elder pointed at these figures. “In the future, I will also be one of them. You will also be amongst them.”

Meng Chuan and the others watched.

The ten thousand plus Godfiends were like an army, all filled with fighting spirit.

But they were all dead.

They dedicated their entire lives for humanity.

“There are nine rules of Archean Mountain. The first rule is not to betray humans. You have to remember that if you dare betray the human race, all Godfiends will hunt you down!” said the purple-robed white-haired elder solemnly. Following that, he said, “Now, new disciples will light up the Soul Lamp.”

The 21 disciples stepped forward.

Twenty-one Godfiends each held a Soul Lamp as they walked over.

“Let a drop of blood fall on it,” a Godfiend said to Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan extended his finger, and his Quintessential Essence easily tore through his skin. A drop of blood fell onto the Soul Lamp’s core.

Pfft.

A blood-colored flame lit the lamp’s wick.

The 21 disciples lit their Soul Lamps.

“Send them to the Soul Lamp Hall,” instructed the purple-robed elder. The Godfiends carried the Soul Lamps to the Soul Lamp Hall immediately. Godfiends engaged in battle outside, and at times, they might die without anyone realizing it. The extinguishing of the Soul Lamp informed people if a Godfiend had perished.

Following that, Godfiends came with robes, tokens, and other items before giving them to the new disciples.

Meng Chuan and company received them respectfully.

The words “Meng Chuan” were written on the cyan token. This was his identity token.

I, Meng Chuan, am now a disciple of Archean Mountain. Meng Chuan looked at the countless figures of his predecessors and felt proud being a disciple of Archean Mountain.

...

After the matriculation ceremony, the new disciples like Meng Chuan began choosing their cave abodes.

“Every disciple can choose a cave abode. The cave abodes are scattered across more than 1000 mountains. You are free to choose. Every cave abode has ten servants. All you need to do is focus on cultivation. Just let the servants deal with miscellaneous matters.” A Godfiend stood in front of a model of the mountain range and said with a smile, “Quickly start picking. There are still thousands of cave abodes left unoccupied.”

The twenty-one disciples changed into their disciple robes and carefully looked at the mountain range model.

“I’ll choose the one at East Sandalwood Peak.” Yan Chitong was the first to point at a cave abode on one of the mountains.

Meng Chuan took a look and found Bright Scenic Peak. Bright Scenic Peak was one of the more popular mountain peaks—only two cave abodes were empty. “I’ll choose this cave abode at Bright Scenic Peak” Qiyue and Meng Chuan had already made plans.

“Fluttering Snow Peak, the mountaintop,” said Yan Jin. The cave abodes on Fluttering Snow Peak were all empty because it was too remote.

“I’ll also choose Bright Scenic Peak,” said Princess Li Ying.

“Thunder Roar Peak.” Ji Yuantong pointed at a cave abode.

The twenty-one disciples quickly chose their cave abodes.

“All of you are done choosing your cave abodes,” said the cyan-robed woman indifferently as she walked in. “Let’s go. It’s time to choose your Godfiend formulas.”

The disciples followed the cyan-clothed woman.

“When you were mortal, you only established a Godfiend foundation. That doesn’t make you a true Godfiend,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “Only after passing the Life-and-Death juncture and having condensed a Godfiend body will you be a true Godfiend. Godfiends have different grades as well. Low and middle-grade Godfiends are the most common. When outer sect disciples accumulate enough credit to try their hand at breaking through the Life-and-Death juncture, they are typically low or middle-grade Godfiends because most of them aren’t talented enough, and they are too old. It’s impossible for them to become high-grade Godfiends.

“As for our Archean Mountain disciples, they have to be high-grade or transcendent-grade Godfiends.

“In ten years, if you can’t become a high-grade Godfiend, you will be expelled from the inner sect.” The cyan-clothed woman smiled and said, “Of course, all of you have great potential. Typically, only a handful out of hundreds of disciples are expelled.”

This group of new disciples secretly heaved sighs of relief. Their natural talent was typically enough to reach a high-grade Godfiend.

“In the history of our human race, we have gathered a total of 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend formulas and 27 high-grade Godfiend formulas,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “You need to consider which formula you choose. A Godfiend formula determines your future cultivation path.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 - Passing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Moments later.

The cyan-clothed woman led the 21 new disciples to a huge, dark cave. Two servants guarded the entrance. When they saw the new arrivals, they immediately bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Lords, and Ladies.”

The servants were all mortals. They managed the daily chores in Archean Mountain, and they greeted all inner sect disciples respectfully.

“Follow me in,” said the cyan-clothed woman as she walked in.

Meng Chuan and the others entered the cave. They arrived inside the belly of the massive mountain. The cave’s walls were decorated with enormous iridescent pearls. Their misty glow illuminated the cave walls—that were carved into enormous bookshelves by the Godfiends. On the bookshelves were rows of books. There were over 10,000 books in the cavern.

After the cyan-clothed woman entered, she sat cross-legged on a boulder casually. She looked at Meng Chuan and company and smiled. “You can just address me as Aunt-Master Qingyu.”

“Aunt-Master Qingyu,” greeted Meng Chuan and company respectfully.

“Archean Mountain disciples need to become transcendent-grade Godfiends or high-grade Godfiends,” said the cyan-clothed woman with a smile. “You have just joined the sect. I believe all of you have great ambition, wishing to become a transcendent-grade Godfiend.”

Meng Chuan, Yan Jin, Li Ying, Jin Huan, and Yan Chitong’s eyes lit up.

They naturally wanted to become the strongest.

“There are 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. For example, Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body, Eon Sea Fiend Body, Azure Lotus Divine Body, etc.” The cyan-clothed woman smiled and shook her head. With a wave of her hand, books flew towards Meng Chuan and company from one of the bookshelves. “All of you can take a book. Read them carefully. All new disciples have read this book first.”

Meng Chuan caught the book.

The black book was made of very special material. On the cover were three words: “Godfiend Formula Compilation.”

“This Godfiend Formula Compilation gives a very detailed introduction to the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend formulas and 27 high-grade Godfiend formulas. Read it first,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “There are many books regarding transcendent-grade and high-grade Godfiend formulas. They have been categorized. You can read them carefully. Think about which Godfiend formulas you want to choose carefully.

“After all, some Godfiends have extremely powerful vitality. Some are suitable for archers. Some are suitable for close combat, while others are suitable for silent assassinations. If one doesn’t succeed in one strike, one will be able to flee half a thousand kilometers away.

“The Godfiend formula you cultivate will become the path you take for your entire life. You have to consider your choice carefully. Once you have chosen a formula, you’ll have to cultivate using that formula for at least three years. Only if you fail to cultivate the formula will you be able to switch to a new Godfiend formula,” said the cyan-clothed woman. “Think carefully. Even if you spend half a month to consider your choice, it will still be worth it.”

Meng Chuan and company naturally understood the importance of choosing a Godfiend formula. All of them sat cross-legged and carefully read the book in their hands.

Meng Chuan immediately read the introductions regarding transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies.

They were: Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body, Great Strength Fiend Body, Samsara Divine Body, Azure Lotus Divine Body, Archean Divine Body, Phoenix Divine Body, Dragon Divine Body, Eon Sea Fiend Body, Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, Two World Divine Body, Black Sand Fiend Body, and Indestructible Divine Body. They were all extremely powerful and difficult to cultivate.

Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body was known as the strongest Godfiend body for one-on-one combat. Only mortals who cultivated the Wind Divine Body or Golden Body could cultivate it. They needed to achieve Sword Intent before finding thirteen different baneful auras. Thirteen Swordbanes would form from the thirteen different baneful auras once they have successfully fused with one’s Sword Intent. With the thirteen Swordbanes, one could begin cultivating the Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body.

However, the process of fusing Sword Intent with baneful aura was something many geniuses couldn’t withstand. The baneful aura would enter their brains, making it difficult for them to control themselves. All they could do was nullify the Swordbanes and switch to other Godfiend formulas.

Once someone mastered it, they would be skilled with domains. They could use the thirteen Swordbanes to kill enemies several kilometers away! They could also engage in melee combat as well. The thirteen Swordbanes could condense into one, and the sword’s power was inconceivable.

In a one-on-one fight, their opponent wouldn’t be able to touch them. They could attack from afar with the Swordbanes. The Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body was also terrifying in melee combat. Thus it was indeed the strongest Godfiend body for one-on-one battles.

...

Great Strength Fiend Body had the greatest strength amongst the transcendent-grade Fiend Bodies! When standing on the ground, one’s strength was unimaginable. One’s strength would be halved if they were in the air. Even at half strength, it was still the strongest among all the Godfiend bodies. From this, one could see how strong one would be on land.

Only those who cultivated the Golden Divine Body or the Earth Divine Body could cultivate it...

...

Phoenix Divine Body was the most terrifying among transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies when it came to an all-out battle. By burning one’s lifeforce to use Phoenix’s Nirvana, its power stood atop all Godfiends. However, the price was immense. An expert with a Phoenix Divine Body wouldn’t use this technique unless they were in a dire situation.

This Godfiend body formula could only be cultivated by someone who had awakened a phoenix bloodline.

...

The Dragon Divine Body was similar to the Phoenix Divine Body. It could only be cultivated by someone who had awakened a dragon god bloodline.

Godfiend Bodies which required bloodlines were limited to the Phoenix Divine Body and the Dragon Divine Body. Since bloodlines could be inherited, humans hoped for the Phoenix Divine Body Godfiends and Dragon Divine Body Godfiends to have more children.

...

Every formula had stringent requirements that had to be met before one could begin cultivating them.

There are only two transcendent-grade formulas that are suitable for me—Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and Eon Sea Fiend Body. Meng Chuan flipped through the book in his hand. Eh, Lightning Devastator Fiend Body seems to have the same name as the Lightning Devastator Saber art. Could they be related?

Meng Chuan smiled and carefully read the descriptions regarding the two transcendent-grade Godfiend Bodies.

...

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was the fastest amongst transcendent-grade Fiend bodies. They could release lightning and baneful auras from afar. They could also kill enemies in melee combat. Their strikes were as fast as lightning, making them a force to be reckoned.

By relying on speed, they could commit terrifying massacres.

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body required mortals to cultivate the Lightning Divine Body. One also needed to reach the Realm of Intent. Once one was prepared enough, they would draw seven bolts of heavenly lightning into their body. They would then enter the Godfiend Blood Pool, use the heavenly lightning to refine their bodies—that were filled with baneful aura—and attain the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. One required a robust foundation, Intent, and baneful aura—which was difficult to find—to cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

But that wasn’t all. The most dangerous thing was the baneful aura. If one couldn’t withstand the baneful aura, it would cause chaos in one’s mind. Furthermore, they had to challenge the Life-and-Death juncture whilst doing all this. If one’s body wasn’t strong enough, they would be blasted into smithereens by the seven bolts of lightning.

...

Eon Sea Fiend Body. Meng Chuan looked at the other Godfiend body he could cultivate.

The Eon Sea Fiend Body was skilled with domains. With a wave of a hand, one could envelop a half-kilometer area. They would have plenty of Quintessential Essence and tremendous strength. They enjoyed high recovery speed and strong vitality. Even if one was injured, they could recover rapidly. Even severed arms and legs could be regenerated.

Only those who cultivated in the Water Divine Body or Lightning Divine Body during the mortal realms could cultivate it...

Oh? Meng Chuan frowned. The speed of the Eon Sea Fiend Body can only be considered ordinary?

The Eon Sea Fiend Body was very powerful.

It had control over a domain, immense strength and vitality, and endless Quintessential Essence. However, speed was not its forte.

...

Eon Sea Fiend Body. Chu Yong’s eyes lit up as he read the book.

He had become famous across the world when he was young. He was the number one genius in the imperial capital.

Why was he so famous? It was partly because of his family clan. The Chu family was one of the top family clans in the Great Zhou Dynasty. The family clan had a Regis Godfiend.

Therefore, he had long learned some basic information about the twelve transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies.

I cultivated the Water Divine Body and began drawing upon some lightning to temper my body in preparation for the Eon Sea Fiend Body. Chu Yong’s eyes were filled with anticipation. Once I master the Eon Sea Fiend Body, my strength will be extremely great. My Quintessential Essence will be boundless, and I’ll be almost indestructible. I won’t be afraid of anyone in a direct battle. Even if there’s an internecine outcome, I’ll be up for the battle anytime.

He would quickly recover from any injuries. Even if his arms and legs were severed, it would only take some time for him to recover. As for the internecine outcome? Experts with Eon Sea Fiend Bodies enjoyed such battles the most because it was very difficult to kill them.

...

The 21 disciples carefully read through the book. Apart from the geniuses from the top family clans who already knew a little about them, the disciples were learning about transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies for the first time, including Meng Chuan.

There are 27 high-grade Godfiend bodies. There are six that are suitable for me. Meng Chuan flipped through the pages. Among them, the Mirage Fiend Body, Sanguine Divine Body, and Myriad Poisons Fiend Body can be cultivated by everyone. There’s also the Wind Lightning Divine Body, Phantom Fiend Body, and Lightning Water Fiend Body that are suitable for me.

Time passed by quickly.

Meng Chuan and company went to the bookshelf to search for more detailed books. After sitting on the boulder for a while, the cyan-clothed woman silently left the cave.

...

Eastcalm Prefecture.

The Meng family clan members were extremely excited as they flaunted Meng Chuan’s status as an Archean Mountain inner sect disciple. They even talked about how he came in first at the entrance examination. However, the other Godfiend family clans in Eastcalm Prefecture continued waiting. Only when the government officials announced the news did they believe it.

“An inner sect disciple of Archean Mountain? He even got first in the entrance examination?”

“He ranked first amongst all the geniuses of the Great Zhou Dynasty? This Meng Chuan is too amazing.”

“Will Meng Chuan become a Marquis Godfiend in the future? Our Eastcalm Prefecture hasn’t produced a Marquis Godfiend in thousands of years, right?”

The city was filled with discussions.

Meng Chuan had become Eastcalm Prefecture’s pride. Meng Chuan was native to the Eastcalm Prefecture, and the people from his hometown were naturally proud of his achievements.

Inside the Yun family estate.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Yun Qingping—who was practicing her swordplay—heard porcelain shattering in her father’s study. She could not help but shake her head gently. After experiencing the demon invasion, Yun Qingping had matured a lot. She felt like her father was incomparably inferior to her First and Second Uncle. Since the engagement has been annulled, what was there to regret? What use is there regretting their actions now?

“Scram!” Yun Fu’an stormed out of the study angrily. He shouted at the servants outside the study and strode out.

In fact, Yun Fu’an didn’t feel regret. He felt embarrassed!

In Eastcalm Prefecture, all the other Godfiend family clans think of me as a joke. Yun Fu’an fumed. Man cannot always be fortunate. Who knows what will happen in the future? Perhaps when Meng Chuan becomes a Godfiend, he will perish together with a demon monarch?

Although he still tried his best to please the Meng family on the surface and worked hard to reestablish ties, Yun Fu’an still hoped that both the Meng family and Meng Chuan would fall one day.

Of course, he didn’t act on these thoughts.

...

Discussions filled the entire city.

However, Fairy Meng’s yard in the Meng family ancestral mansion was very quiet.

Fairy Meng sat at a desk and wrote a letter.

Cough! Cough! Cough! Death colored Fairy Meng’s face. She coughed into her left hand—that was now covered in black and red bloodstains. Her face turned red from all the coughing, but she continued writing.

She finished writing the letter. It was addressed to Meng Chuan. After all, she would never be able to see him again.

I’m afraid my body won’t last past tonight. Fairy Meng looked outside. She could vaguely hear laughter in the ancestral mansion—the clansmen were extremely happy. I, Meng Yan, became a Godfiend and killed demon monarchs. I managed to see my descendant, Meng Chuan, become an inner sect disciple of Archean Mountain before I died. I have no regrets left.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 - Credit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The new disciples read through the books in the library cave ravenously. For example, those who cultivated the Water Divine Body could choose from six transcendent-grade Godfiend formulas. Yan Jin—who cultivated the Icefire Divine Body—had four transcendent-grade Godfiend formulas to choose from: the Two World Divine Body, the Azure Lotus Divine Body, the Samsara Divine Body, and the Archean Divine Body.

The Archean Divine Body was created by Archean Mountain’s founder. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Two World Island also had transcendent-grade Godfiend formulas created by their founders.

Other powerful Godfiends from history created the nine other transcendent-grade formulas.

In terms of cultivation difficulty, there was no need to elaborate on the Dragon Divine Body and Phoenix Divine Body. It was easy once a bloodline was awakened, but without a bloodline, one wouldn’t be able to cultivate those Godfiend bodies.

There were ten remaining Godfiend bodies.

Great Strength Fiend Body, Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body, Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, Archean Divine Body, and Samsara Divine Body. These five Godfiend bodies were similar in difficulty in regards to cultivating them.

The Azure Lotus Divine Body, Indestructible Divine Body, Eon Sea Fiend Body, Black Sand Fiend Body, and Two World Divine Body were one level lower in difficulty, but their strength wasn’t much weaker. Therefore, more people chose the latter five Godfiend bodies.

...

However, Meng Chuan was not stumped.

There’s no need to choose high-grade Godfiend bodies. Mirage Fiend Body controls the enemy’s consciousness. Sanguine Divine Body’s cultivation is the most painful. The Myriad Poisons Fiend Body requires one to study various poisons. These aren’t suitable for me as a saber user.

Lightning Water Fiend Body, Wind Lightning Divine Body, and Phantom Fiend Body are too inferior to the two transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. I can only choose from the two transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. The Eon Sea Fiend Body is good at frontal assaults but is average when it comes to speed. I’ve been learning the swift saber from a young age, so how can I give it up?

That’s why I only have one option—the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

This suited him the best.

After making his decision, Meng Chuan continued reading the books. Reading could broaden one’s horizons.

For example, the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage was introduced in the books. The demons had started invading 800 years ago.

Humans realized that demons were generally stronger than humans in terms of physical bodies. Although human Godfiends were not inferior to demon monarchs in strength, their bodies were generally weaker.

Therefore, some powerful human Godfiends began attempting to create a Body Tempering Godfiend lineage. They wanted their bodies to match divine armaments and treasures, but these attempts had only gone on for a few centuries. The formulas were extremely incomplete. The theoretical limit was the Great Solar realm. Most people who were Body Tempering Godfiends failed to reach the Great Solar realm. Furthermore, one expended large amounts of treasures and resources. Therefore, the three large sects strictly prohibited inner sect disciples from becoming Body Tempering Godfiends. It was, at best, left to a few outer sect disciples as test subjects.

Godfiends had five realms. Meng Chuan saw a detailed description about Godfiends.

Core Cloud, Indestructible, Great Solar, Darkstar, and Incessant. Darkstar Godfiends are Marquis Godfiends. Incessant Godfiends are Regis Godfiends.

Core Cloud, Indestructible, Great Solar... There’s still a chance for someone to fight an opponent at a higher level at these three realms. However, it’s impossible for a Great Solar Godfiend to fight against a Darkstar Godfiend. It would be amazing if they came out alive. The difference between the two realms is too great. It’s very difficult to break through the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm. It’s even harder than becoming a Godfiend. Meng Chuan was very shocked when he read this.

The Great Solar realm was just too inferior to the Darkstar realm.

The difficulty of breaking through was ridiculously high.

There were very few Godfiends in the Great Solar realm. For instance, Fairy Meng, Yun Wanhai, and many other outer sect disciples would not be able to reach the Great Solar realm their entire lives. As for Archean Mountain’s inner sect disciples—as long as they didn’t die—most would become Great Solar Godfiends. However, only one in fifteen Great Solar Godfiends could become Darkstar Godfiends. The ratio of successful breakthroughs was simply too low.

Mortal Core Condensation experts had a low chance of breaking through because they didn’t have the chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. If everyone had the chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool to challenge the Life-and-Death juncture, there would have been far more Godfiends.

In contrast, breaking through from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm was just too difficult.

Essence Soul? Meng Chuan’s heart suddenly stirred.

Many thresholds obstructed one from reaching the Darkstar realm. One of them was the Essence Soul. Only by condensing an Essence Soul would one have a chance of becoming a Darkstar Godfiend. Otherwise, there was no hope for their entire lives. Many Great Solar Godfiends were stuck at this step.

What’s an Essence Soul? The book’s description is too vague. After reading the passage, Meng Chuan was filled with puzzlement. He continued to search for other books and read them.

However, there were very few books that talked about the Essence Soul. Meng Chuan read more than a hundred books. He read through all the books related to the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, but he failed to find a detailed description regarding the Essence Soul.

It’s been an entire day. Meng Chuan looked outside the cave. The sky had lit up again. He walked up to Yan Jin and gently nudged him.

Yan Jin raised his head and glanced at Meng Chuan before lowering his head to continue reading. “Go back first. I haven’t decided on a transcendent-grade Godfiend body.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

Yan Jin had four transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies that he could choose, unlike himself—who had made a decision early on.

After Meng Chuan left the library, there were still eighteen people in the cave who continued reading. They didn’t know which Godfiend body to choose. These new disciples didn’t want to sleep at all. It was easy for them to last a few days and nights without sleep. After all, servants delivered them food and water.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan strolled around Yellow Reverence Peak quickly. Soon, he arrived in front of a towering building. There were eight floors to the building and many servants.

“I’m here to obtain my pill and treasure quota for this month.” Meng Chuan walked over. A cyan-robed man stood in front of the counter. He smiled and said, “Lord Meng, may I have your identity token.”

Meng Chuan took out his identity token.

After the cyan-robed man received it, a servant quickly delivered a black wooden box. The identity token made contact with the black wooden box. Quintessential Essence flowed into the box, causing it to open automatically.

“Lord Meng Chuan, you came first at the entrance examination this year. The Mountain Lord has specially approved of you receiving the highest grades of pills and treasures among all the disciples. You will receive ten Thousand Star Pills and 3000 credits every month. You will receive one Lightning Tribulation Fruit every half-year.” The cyan-robed man smiled as he took out a black book and handed it to Meng Chuan. “Credits can be exchanged for any treasure. The exact prices for such exchanges are in this book.”

Meng Chuan flipped it open.

The pills that he needed to consume for extended periods were considered cheap. They could be exchanged for a few credits. For example, one Thousand Star Pill would require fifty credits.

As for rare treasures, they were much more precious. An Iceheart Fruit could be exchanged for 38,000 credits. One drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid could be exchanged for 102,000 credits. An Astral Spirit Herb could be exchanged for 50,000 credits. Archean Mountain only had two Astral Spirit Herbs currently. Of course, other natural treasures could be used to forge a robust Godfiend foundation.

Pills, rare treasures, and even all the baneful auras in the world can be exchanged. Oh? When Meng Chuan flipped to the back, his eyes lit up. Archean Mountain actually has so many special cultivation grounds.

One had to use credits if they wanted to cultivate in the special cultivation grounds. For example, the Darkness Altar had the effect of tempering one’s will. Ascending the Darkness Altar once required 100 credits. The Earth Magnetic baneful Aura Pool required 100 credits for one day of cultivation. The Myriad Poison Pit required 300 credits for one day of cultivation.

...

This was because cultivating in these places drained the lands. For example, baneful aura, rare poisons, and even the mysterious black fog from the Darkness Altar would be consumed when cultivating. The higher one ascended the altar, the more black fog drained. Reaching the peak of the Darkness Altar drained a ridiculous amount of black fog. Once a disciple reached the summit, Archean Mountain would forbid disciples from climbing it again.

Therefore, Archean Mountain disciples used their credits to exchange for various cultivation resources. These were handed out by Archean Mountain every month.

“Every month, treasures and credits are distributed. Archean Mountain will hand them out for twenty years without any compensation needed,” said the cyan-robed man with a smile. “If you can pass the Nine Mystical Caves in a decade, you will be able to leave the mountain. The remaining ten years’ worth of treasures and credits will be given to you in one go.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. They didn’t need to serve in the military. They didn’t need to risk their lives; instead they cultivated in a safe environment. However, this was the only peaceful period they had after becoming Godfiends. Once they passed the Nine Mystical Caves, they would begin protecting humanity.

“Lord Meng Chuan, you still have 185,200 credits under your name,” the cyan-robed man said.

“I have that much?” Meng Chuan was stunned. He received the greatest quota of treasures and credits every month. But, that only amounted to 3,000 credits every month, and 36,000 per annum.

“Godfiend Meng Yan transferred all 182,200 credits under her name to you,” said the cyan-robed man.

“Grandaunt?” Meng Chuan fell silent. He remembered his grandaunt mentioning that she would transfer her credits to him.

This was his grandaunt’s accumulated credits after eighty years as a Godfiend. It probably included the credits received from Eastcalm Prefecture’s demon invasion. Only after all those bloody battles had she accumulated this many credits.

“By the way, there’s a letter from your family, Lord Meng Chuan.” The cyan-robed man handed a letter to him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 - Everyone Has Their Fate (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Letter from my family? Meng Chuan took the letter and looked at it. It’s from Dad? Dad left two days ago. Why did he send a letter so soon?

He had a vague suspicion about what the letter was about. He didn’t read it immediately. Instead, he first took the pills, treasures, and the black book and returned to his cave abode.

Ever since he became an Archean Mountain disciple, he had been reading the books in the library the entire time. He hadn’t gone to his cave abode at all.

...

On Bright Scenic Peak, in a remote area, Meng Chuan sat alone on a large rock as he watched the vast sea of clouds floating past the mountain peaks. The peaks were perennially covered in snow.

Grandaunt has passed away. Meng Chuan put away his father’s letter—it simply informed him about what happened.

On the morning of 23rd December, his father rushed back to Eastcalm Prefecture. He told his clansmen and Fairy Meng the news.

His grandaunt was already heavily injured. When the demons invaded, she had used all her strength. Her body had already been in a terrible state for half a year. However, because of her obsession, she persevered until she received news of Meng Chuan being admitted into Archean Mountain. Once she learned of this news, she felt relaxed and happy. Her obsession disappeared, and her body quickly collapsed.

That night—after his grandaunt gave the clansmen some final instructions—she passed away with a smile.

There were two letters. One was from his father, and the other was from his grandaunt.

Meng Chuan gently unfolded his grandaunt’s letter.

“Meng Chuan, I’m very happy to know that you took first place in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. I won’t be able to see you anymore. My passing will happen tonight. Whatever I want to say will be written in this letter. Your future far exceeds mine. I can only give you some advice as a Godfiend with eighty years of experience.

“First, rely on your comrades when you are on the battlefield. During life-and-death battles, one move from your comrades might save your life. Don’t be rash just because you are strong. “Second, always hide your killer moves. Even when killing enemies, try to keep them a secret. The demons are collecting intelligence on the Godfiends. When all your secrets are exposed, you will be in danger. Do not tell a person anything about your best skills. Telling a second person will result in there being a third, tenth person, and more knowing about it.

“Although most human Godfiends fight for humanity, there are still traitors. They will collude with the demons if there are certain benefits. Make sure not to expose too much of your skill. Keep your true strength secret.

“Thirdly, the stronger you are, the more confident you will be on the battlefield. However, never be too relaxed. Seize the opportunity to make yourself as strong as possible while you are on Archean Mountain. The stronger you are, the better! I have seen too many Godfiends die. Remember, the stronger you are, the better.

“There’s no need to mourn me. I started life as someone insignificant. By the time I comprehended Force when I was 22, I didn’t even have the right to participate in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. I was just an outer sect disciple. After experiencing a close shave with death and with enough luck, I became a Godfiend. My companions have often blocked the enemy for me, allowing me to live this day after eighty years as a Godfiend.

“I led the declining Meng family to rise once again, making it one of the five Godfiend family clans in Eastcalm Prefecture. I managed to see you enter Archean Mountain before I die. I really have no regrets.

“A Godfiend’s path is very difficult. You have to tread carefully. If possible, kill more demon monarchs! Give me something to boast about to my old friends when I’m in the underworld.”

Meng Chuan felt pain as he read the letter. He knew his grandaunt had passed away in gratification, but he felt terrible.

She had used the family’s savings and exchanged it for a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid. She had also transferred all the credits she had amassed over her eighty-year Godfiend career so that he could cultivate faster in Archean Mountain.

She handed everything to him.

Grandaunt, I’ll lead our family well. Meng Chuan’s eyes were slightly red. He looked at the vast sea of clouds and softly said, “I’ll remember your three pieces of advice. Also, I’ll kill more demon monarchs. Grandaunt, rest in peace.”

Meng Chuan looked east. He seemed to see his hometown where his grandaunt had passed away.

His grandaunt was gone! Godfiend Meng Yan—who had spent her entire life protecting the human race—was dead! Compared to her companions, she was very lucky. She was able to return to her hometown and see a talented junior. She had her clansmen by her side when she died.

...

Meng Chuan continued to read books in the library for the next few days. Although he had already decided to cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, he still read through the books about the Eon Sea Fiend Body, Wind Lightning Divine Body, Sanguine Divine Body, and other Godfiend bodies.

After reading them, he headed for the Impartation Pavilion.

“Have you already made up your mind?” Elder Yi looked at Meng Chuan. “Once you make your choice, you can’t choose another Godfiend body formula for three years.”

“Yes, I’m sure.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.” Even if he failed to cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, he would choose the high-grade formula, Wind Lightning Divine Body. As for the Eon Sea Fiend Body, it was just not compatible with his style.

“Alright.” Elder Yi nodded slightly. With a wave of his hand, a black book flew down from the bookshelf beside him. Lightning swirled on the book’s surface, and black fumes churned. “This is the cultivation formula for the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. Memorize it here. Hand it to me after you are done.”

Meng Chuan took the thick book and sat down cross-legged by the side. He flipped the book open. There were text and diagrams in the book. Lightning and baneful aura surrounded each page. As Meng Chuan immersed himself in reading, his consciousness sank into the book.

His surroundings blurred.

Soon, he saw a tall man with disheveled hair sitting in the lotus position. He was identical to the imposing man in the Lightning Devastator Saber fragment he had.

Thick baneful aura emanated from his body. The black fog billowed in all directions as lightning curled around his body.

He suddenly opened his eyes. His eyes met Meng Chuan’s, and large amounts of information surged into his mind.

It was a detailed instructional guide about cultivating the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. It was identical to what the text and diagrams in the book described. However, many cultivation scenes were demonstrated by the man personally. Furthermore, they were deeply imprinted in Meng Chuan’s memory.

After a long while, Meng Chuan came back to reality.

“You must be done.” Elder Yi waved his hand and put away the thick book.

Meng Chuan couldn’t help but say, “This is only the basics of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. It only contains information about the Core Cloud, Indestructible, and Great Solar realms. There’s nothing beyond that.”

“This is the first volume of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body formula. The information regarding the Darkstar realm and higher realms are in the second volume,” said Elder Yi with a smile.

“Where’s the second volume?” Meng Chuan asked.

“You won’t be able to learn it even if it’s placed in front of you,” said Elder Yi with a smile. “You have to wait until you condense an Essence Soul before you can receive the second volume’s legacy.”

“Elder, what’s an Essence Soul?” asked Meng Chuan immediately. He had read many books in the library, and the only thing he knew regarding an Essence Soul was that it was a key requirement to become a Darkstar Godfiend.

Elder Yi smiled and said, “Humans have souls. They live in the sea of consciousness between the eyebrows. However, it can’t be observed or sensed. If one attains certain success in soul cultivation, it will condense into an Essence Soul. One can then view their soul with their inner vision. Only by becoming a Great Solar Godfiend can an Archean Mountain disciple learn Essence Soul cultivation methods. Even if it’s given to you now, you won’t be able to cultivate the soul.”

Meng Chuan’s heart palpitated.

Humans had souls that resided in the sea of consciousness between their eyebrows? Can’t be seen or sensed? By condensing an Essence Soul, one could see their souls through their inner vision?

The tiny person in between my eyebrows is an Essence Soul? Meng Chuan couldn’t help but guess. From what Elder Yi said, Archean Mountain’s Essence Cultivation methods can only be cultivated after becoming a Great Solar Godfiend.

“The demons are also exploring the Essence Soul’s secrets. Therefore, you must keep it a secret if you learn secrets about the Essence Soul,” said Elder Yi. “Once you leak such knowledge, you will be viewed as a traitor.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Only a Great Solar Godfiend can cultivate an Essence Soul?”

“Souls are within us when we are born,” said Elder Yi. “Some people are born with weak souls, and others are born with strong souls. In fact, there are people in history who were born with Essence Souls. Of course, if such geniuses appear, the demons will definitely risk their lives to assassinate them. In the past three thousand years, we humans have never heard of anyone born with an Essence Soul. All of them cultivated their souls after becoming a Great Solar Godfiend. After years of hard work, they would condense an Essence Soul.

“Many Great Solar Godfiends are stuck at the Essence Soul Condensation stage. It prevents them from breaking through to the Darkstar realm. It’s pointless asking so much now. It’s still too early for you.” Elder Yi waved his hand again; ten stacked books flew over.

“These ten books contain insights from Archean Mountain disciples—who cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—over the years. They are extremely detailed. They will almost answer all the questions you will have during cultivation.” Elder Yi handed the ten books to Meng Chuan. “Take these ten books back, but don’t bring them down the mountain.” With that said, he closed his eyes to meditate.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan accepted it respectfully. “I’ll take my leave.”

Following that, he left the Impartation Pavilion.

After Meng Chuan left, Elder Yi opened his eyes and looked into the distance. He whispered, “His spiritual perception is very high, one that appears once every few centuries. Could he have an inborn Essence Soul? Perhaps I’m overthinking things. Whatever, I told him everything I needed to.” Elder Yi closed his eyes.

...

In the past 3,000 years, we haven’t heard of anybody with inborn Essence Souls. All Godfiends cultivated their souls after entering the Great Solar realm. Meng Chuan’s heart couldn’t help but palpitate with fear after leaving the Impartation Pavilion. If the demons learn of this, they will spare no expense to assassinate them? Thankfully, I listened to Grandaunt. I didn’t use the Power of the Soul during the entrance examination or in front of others.

However, did Elder Yi tell me this deliberately? Or was it unintentional? No, Elder Yi is a Regis Godfiend, a backbone of the human race. He has been fighting for humanity his whole life. He’s reaching the end of his life, so there’s no need to doubt his loyalty. Regardless of whether he did it intentionally or not, it’s out of good intentions .

...

Meng Chuan chose his Godfiend body much earlier than the other disciples. The other geniuses began making their choices one after another.

“I choose the Great Strength Fiend Body,” said Ji Yuantong respectfully.

“Ji Yuantong, you come from the Ji family. You should know what it means to stop at the 17th step of the Darkness Altar,” Elder Yi said.

Ji Yuantong bowed his head. “I understand.”

“Your will is weak, but you are extremely outstanding in other aspects. That’s why Archean Mountain gave you a chance,” Elder Yi said. “However, if you can’t make up for your lacking willpower, you will never hope of reaching the Great Solar realm.”

Ji Yuantong fell silent. It would be disgraceful if he didn’t become a Great Solar Godfiend.

“Therefore, Archean Mountain has decided that you shall head down the mountain and go to Cloud Solar Pass after you memorize the Godfiend body formula. You will be part of the suicide squad, and you shall serve the military for a year,” said Elder Yi. “I hope that you can temper your will on the battlefield through life-and-death situations. One year later, you can return to Archean Mountain.”

“Yes.” Ji Yuantong didn’t hesitate at all. He really wanted to make up for this flaw.

After Ji Yuantong received the Great Strength Fiend Body legacy, he left the mountain and headed for Cloud Solar Pass immediately.

The suicide squad encountered the most danger at the city gates; their death ratios were the highest. Ji Yuantong had to stay there for a year. This was just the first phase of Archean Mountain’s plan for Ji Yuantong. Unless his willpower was sufficient, there were still multiple things awaiting him...

As a genius that Archean Mountain valued, they focused on nurturing and letting him grow.

...

“I choose the Azure Lotus Divine Body,” said Yan Jin when he arrived at the Impartation Pavilion.

“I choose the Two World Divine Body.” The thirteen-year-old Yan Chitong made his choice.

“Black Sand Fiend Body,” told Zuo Xiao to Elder Yi.

“I choose the Archean Divine Body.” Princess Li Ying eventually made her choice.

...

The geniuses had chosen their future paths. However—according to history—most of them would fail to cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend body. In three years, most of them would switch to high-grade Godfiend bodies. This was because there was a common threshold for transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies—the Realm of Intent. Achieving Intent within three years was what stopped most new disciples.

Each had their own fates.

No one could tell how far these new disciples would grow.

Final Chapter of Volume—Archean Mountain

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 - Discipleship
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

25th December.

A bone-piercing cold wind howled as Meng Chuan cultivated the Saber Drawing Stance in his cave abode’s training grounds. He had yet to choose a saber art from Archean Mountain! This was because he had officially accepted a master today. It wasn’t too late for him to choose a saber art after listening to his master’s guidance.

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.” A familiar voice came from outside.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan sheathed his saber and walked out of the training grounds. He saw Liu Qiyue running into his residence. Since the servants had received Meng Chuan’s instructions, they naturally didn’t stop her.

“Ah Chuan, let’s go. You’re officially accepting a master today,” said Liu Qiyue.

“I’ve been practicing for two hours. I’ve been waiting for you.” Meng Chuan smiled as he walked out with Liu Qiyue.

The duo walked alongside Bright Scenic Peak’s mountain path. Before they walked far, they saw the white-robed Princess Li Ying walk out of her cave abode.

Li Ying smiled as she walked over. “Senior Brother Meng, Senior Sister Liu, what a coincidence.”

Seeing how close Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were, Li Ying maintained a smile. She knew that Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were childhood sweethearts. They didn’t have any blood relations, but Li Ying still felt like she had a chance! Li Ying was destined to be a powerful Godfiend. Regardless of whether it was from the bottom of her heart or from the imperial family’s internal competition, she wanted to find a Godfiend husband that was stronger than her.

Meng Chuan matched Li Ying’s ideal.

Initially, Li Ying wanted to interact with Meng Chuan more and see if their personalities matched. To her surprise, Meng Chuan cultivated daily. Whenever she visited Meng Chuan, she would often encounter Liu Qiyue.

Her plans were thwarted from the beginning!

“Junior Sister Li,” greeted Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue with a smile.

“Today, we will officially be acknowledging our master.” Li Ying followed them. “Do you know how impressive our master is?”

Liu Qiyue smiled and said, “I’ve been here for over half a year now. I do know a little. Master has been the master of all recruited disciples of Archean Mountain for the past three centuries.”

Meng Chuan was shocked when he heard that. “Twenty disciples are accepted every year. Six thousand disciples share the same master?”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

When it came to Godfiend lifespans, the lifespan of Core Cloud, Indestructible, and Great Solar Godfiends was 200 years, twice a mortal’s lifespan. There were very few mortals who could live past a hundred years. Many died when they were seventy or eighty years old. Fairy Meng had been 110 years old... Godfiends often engaged in battles, and their bodies were damaged after many years. It was rare for them to live to 200.

Darkstar Godfiends had a lifespan of 300 years. From their lifespan, one could tell that it was a qualitative breakthrough from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm.

Regis Godfiends had a maximum lifespan of 500 years.

“Master’s status is extremely high. When Mountain Lord Lian and Elder Yi see him, they have to address him as Supremacy respectfully,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Yes.” Princess Li Ying smiled and said, “Master is an existence that transcends Regis Godfiends.”

Meng Chuan was shocked. Transcends Regis Godfiends? He had read many books in the library, but none of them mentioned such things. He only had vague suspicions that there were existences that surpassed Regis Godfiends.

“Master’s lifespan is long. With him around, Archean Mountain is impregnable,” said Princess Li Ying with a smile. “Did you know that the most important city pass out of seven major city passes in the Great Zhou Dynasty—Luotang Pass—is guarded by a Supremacy?”

“Oh?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue learned something new.

They knew that there were many passes in the Great Zhou Dynasty. Qinyang Pass—which was very close to Eastcalm Prefecture—was a relatively ordinary city pass! There were nine similar city passes in the Wu State. There were even more across the entire world.

However, there were few passes that were truly famous throughout the world. There were seven major city passes in the Great Zhou Dynasty. Calm Sea Pass and Luotang Pass were ranked among them. He had known Luotang Pass was the most important of the seven major city passes and occupied the largest area—almost comparable to Archean City—but he hadn’t known that it was presided over by an existence that surpassed Regis Godfiends.

...

They chatted along the way. The trio soon arrived at Yellow Reverence Peak’s Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

Grotto-Heaven Pavilion was very spartan. There were many prayer mats on the ground. Many disciples had already sat down.

“Lord Meng Chuan, please sit here.” There was a steward in the Grotto-Heaven Pavilion who ushered the new disciples to their seats. There was also a reason for the seating plan. Those who were given a higher evaluation according to Archean Mountain’s internal tests, sat closer to the front.

Meng Chuan also sat down on the mat.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue also sat in her seat. She was seated to Meng Chuan’s left. Clearly, she had been arranged to sit in front. On the contrary, Princess Li Ying could only sit behind them.

Whoosh.

Suddenly, a youth—dressed in a white robe with a sword by his waist—walked in. The entire building fell silent.

“Ah Chuan, look. That’s the fifth son of King Calm Sea, Xue Feng,” said Liu Qiyue immediately via voice transmission.

It’s him? Meng Chuan carefully observed. He could perceive a powerful aura emanating from the youth in the white robe. He was stronger than Jadesun Palace Lord. Jadesun Palace Lord had already passed the Nine Mystical Caves and left Archean Mountain. However, this man was stronger than him, yet he hadn’t left the mountain. Meng Chuan also knew that the requirements for disciples to leave Archean Mountain differed based on their talents.

For example, those who cultivated a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body had different requirements from those who cultivated a high-grade Godfiend Body.

“He comprehended Force at the age of 13,” said Liu Qiyue with a voice transmission. “He entered Archean Mountain in the same year and became a Godfiend when he was 15. He cultivates a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body—the Black Sand Fiend Body. He successfully cultivated a transcendent-grade Godfiend body in two years. He’s simply a monster. It’s said that he has also mastered moves from the Black Metal Sutra. Every time the Master lectures, he will ask the Fifth Young Master questions.”

Meng Chuan nodded. He had already obtained the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body formula, so he knew how difficult it was.

Without condensing an Essence Soul, there was no way to inherit a Black Metal Sutra via intent. They could only read the text and diagrams in manuals. Without an intent legacy, it would be very difficult to learn a Black Metal Sutra’s moves.

“Counting the 21 new disciples, there are 273 disciples who remain on the mountain,” said Liu Qiyue via voice transmission. “There are 19 who have already cultivated a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. “It’s indeed very difficult to cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body. By the way, the most monstrous talent in the past few decades is King Calm Sea’s fifth son. Is there no one else?”

“There’s someone close.” Liu Qiyue glanced at the woman in a light-green robe in front of her. “It’s the person in light-green robes right in front of you. She’s Xiao Yunyue from Jiang State’s Xiao family. Xiao Yunyue also cultivated a transcendent-grade Godfiend body, and she has also mastered moves from the Black Metal Sutra. However, she comprehended Force at 15 and became a Godfiend at 23. In comparison, her cultivation speed is slower than Xue Feng’s. She cultivates the Indestructible Divine Body, but I don’t know which Black Metal Sutra move she mastered.”

Indestructible Divine Body? Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Among the transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies, there were many that were skilled with domains. The Indestructible Divine Body was the strongest when it came to domains. It also provided the strongest vitality out of all Godfiend bodies.

For instance, the Eon Sea Fiend Body allowed one to regrow their severed limbs in a day. An Indestructible Divine Body allowed one to regenerate their limbs in ten minutes. Its domain was the strongest, and it has the greatest lifeforce! However, it was weaker in close combat.

Black Metal Sutra. Meng Chuan knew that the Lightning Devastator Saber he had learned was a Black Metal Sutra. However, he had only learned portions of one of its moves—the Five Lightning Descent.

Meng Chuan had seen a complete demonstration of a move in the intent legacy. It was terrifying towards the end. Clearly, the difficulty of mastering the move rose exponentially at the end. He was unable to withstand the transmission of one complete move.

Oh? Meng Chuan turned around and saw Yan Jin walking in. Under the guidance of the Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s steward, he sat behind Meng Chuan, slightly to the left.

“Yan Jin,” greeted Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Yan Jin also smiled and nodded slightly. Just as he was about to say something, his expression changed.

Fifth Young Master Xue Feng stood up and walked towards Yan Jin with a smile that resembled a spring breeze. He smiled and said, “Brother, it’s not easy to meet you. You refuse to meet me when I visit your cave abode.” An invisible domain influenced the surroundings, preventing people from eavesdropping.

“There’s no need for us to meet,” said Yan Jin calmly.

“I heard that you changed your name with the imperial government? You are now called Yan Jin?” asked Xue Feng.

“Yes.” Yan Jin nodded.

Xue Feng shook his head gently. “Why do you have to do that? You know that Father is focused on cultivation and guarding the Calm Sea Pass. How can he have time to pay attention to such trivial matters? What happened back then cannot be blamed entirely on Fath—”

“There’s no need to say anything.” Yan Jin cut him off coldly.

Xue Feng helplessly said, “Alright, even if you don’t want to acknowledge the family, you should acknowledge me as your elder brother.”

Yan Jin looked at him and finally responded.

His elder brother was only five years older than him. He had treated him quite well when he was young. However, he left for Archean Mountain at the age of 13, so they hadn’t met in ten years.

“After today’s lecture, let’s have a good chat. We haven’t seen each other in ten years. The snotty child has already grown up.” Xue Feng smiled as he returned to his prayer mat.

Yan Jin’s eyes filled with mixed emotions.

The only person who was close to him was his fifth brother. No one could hear their conversation. However, everyone could tell that their relationship wasn’t ordinary.

“That Yan Jin is the seventh son of King Calm Sea. I heard he ranked fourth in the entrance examination this year.”

“Only fourth? He’s far inferior to Fifth Young Master.”

“Who can compare with him? All of King Calm Sea’s children are impressive, but the fifth son is the most powerful among them. In the past few decades, he’s the most monstrous talent.” The other disciples chatted casually. Xue Feng’s monstrous talent had long been recognized.

Many disciples were chatting.

Suddenly, Meng Chuan sensed a unique wave fluctuating as it enveloped every disciple.

This fluctuation was very weak. It was like moonlight scattered across every person’s body. There was no pressure, only comfort. All the disciples fell silent. Nearly 200 Godfiends and nearly a hundred mortal disciples stood up one after another. The new disciples—Meng Chuan and company—stood up immediately.

When a long-haired man walked in, all the disciples bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Master.”

The long-haired man’s skin was as fair as jade. After walking in, his gaze swept across the two hundred-plus disciples. When he saw Meng Chuan, he paused for a moment. The corners of his lips curled up as he smiled. “Sit down.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 - Dispelling Doubts
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All the disciples sat down cross-legged. The long-haired man sat cross-legged, smiled, and said, “There are 20 new disciples today. It’s truly a joyous occasion for our Archean Mountain.”

20? Shouldn’t there be 21? Meng Chuan, Princess Li Ying, Zong Sha, Chu Yong, Yan Feng, and the other new disciples were slightly taken aback. They couldn’t help but look around. The youngest Yan Chitong was also here today.

Ji Yuantong is missing! Meng Chuan paid careful attention and sensed that Ji Yuantong wasn’t in the pavilion.

Out of the new batch of disciples, only Ji Yuantong was missing.

The long-haired man smiled indifferently. “If there’s anything you want to ask, you can speak.”

“Master.”

Immediately, a youth with sword-like eyebrows and glistening eyes—who sat towards the back—stood up and bowed respectfully. “I’ve been cultivating the Azure Lotus Divine Body for three years. I have only cultivated the Azure Lotus Divine Body to the Fire Water Symbiosis realm. Do I continue cultivating?”

“You’re too slow. The Azure Lotus Divine Body has a total of seven steps. You have only reached the second step—Fire Water Symbiosis. You won’t master it in twenty years. You can abandon it and switch to a high-grade Godfiend body,” said the long-haired man. “Also, you should focus on your sword art more. You haven’t reached the Realm of Intent after three years. That’s also too slow.”

“Yes,” replied the young man respectfully as he made his decision.

He had put in too much effort into the Azure Lotus Divine Body for three years. He had even overlooked his sword techniques. He knew that there was little hope to cultivate the Azure Lotus Divine Body, but he was unwilling to accept it. He still had hope. However, his master’s words made him give up completely.

After all, if one did not become a high-grade Godfiend within ten years, they would be expelled from the inner sect!

I’ll just become a high-grade Godfiend! I’ll focus on my sword techniques. If my sword art is profound enough, it can make up for the huge gap between high-grade and transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies.

“Master.” Another thin, hunchbacked youth stood up and said respectfully, “I’ve been cultivating the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body for six years. I finally reached the Seventh Refinement realm five days ago. Do I absorb heavenly lightning for the Life-and-Death juncture or attempt the Eighth Refinement?”

Seventh Refinement? Immediately, many disciples looked at the hunchbacked youth in surprise.

As long as one reached the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s Seventh Refinement and had reached the Realm of Intent, one could challenge the Life-and-Death juncture and become a Godfiend.

That would mean an additional transcendent-grade Godfiend expert for Archean Mountain.

Seventh Refinement? Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up when he heard that.

He had chosen the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. He knew that this formula required the world’s baneful aura to cultivate the Godfiend body. Every time he successfully improved his body with the baneful aura, it would be considered a refinement. The more one refined their bodies, the more precious and powerful baneful auras would be needed. According to records, one could refine their bodies a maximum of nine times.

Nine refinements meant perfection. When one’s body was sufficiently robust, one could forge the perfect Lightning Devastator Fiend Body during the Life-and-Death juncture by drawing heavenly lightning unto themselves.

In reality, the baneful aura was extremely harmful to the physical body. It also dealt damage to one’s consciousness. Even though many genius disciples had strong wills, once they reached the third or fourth Refinement, their bodies would not be able to withstand it. If they absorbed even more baneful aura to cultivate, their bodies would fail. Every refinement was a transformation, and the danger level would rise correspondingly.

“It wouldn’t be worth it to give up after cultivating for six years. Continue to the Eighth Refinement before becoming a Godfiend,” said the long-haired man with a smile. “Of course, if you haven’t reached the Eighth Refinement by the ten-year limit, give up immediately and attempt the Life-and-Death juncture to become a Godfiend. Becoming a Godfiend in ten years is a cast-iron rule of Archean Mountain.

“A mortal’s body and lifeforce peaks at the age of twenty. It remains stagnant between the ages of twenty to thirty with very slight drops in lifeforce. Once thirty and older, one’s lifeforce will decrease rapidly. Such Godfiends won’t have a promising future. Cultivation skyrockets in difficulty with an aging body. Therefore, you must become a Godfiend before the age of thirty.”

“Yes,” all the disciples responded in unison. The hunchbacked man also responded respectfully before sitting down cross-legged.

The surrounding disciples looked at him differently. No matter what happened, he had already reached the Seventh Refinement! He was destined to become a transcendent-grade Godfiend.

With 200 plus disciples learning of it, the top family clans in the Great Zhou Dynasty would soon know of his achievement.

...

The long-haired man answered each disciple’s questions about their cultivation. Be it about Godfiend body cultivation, weapon techniques, mental willpower, and even the troubles one encountered when challenging the Nine Mystical Caves; he could answer them all.

Halfway through, King Calm Sea’s fifth son—Xue Feng—stood up and asked, “Master, I still can’t pass the Nine Mystical Caves, and I feel like I’m still far from success. Master, please give me a clear answer. When will I be able to pass the Nine Mystical Caves?” He had been on the mountain for ten years, but he was unable to leave the mountain. He was somewhat anxious. He also wanted to fight demon monarchs with his fellow disciples.

He was very powerful, much stronger than many of the Godfiends that had descended the mountain. However, he could not pass the Nine Mystical Caves!

“If your strength increases like it was in the past, you can leave the mountain in three years,” said the long-haired man. “If you have a major breakthrough, it’s possible to leave the mountain within half a year.”

“I understand,” replied Xue Feng as he sat down cross-legged.

In recent decades, he was Archean Mountain’s most dazzling disciple. As King Calm Sea’s most outstanding son, his strength was extraordinary. The family had groomed him with all their might. The number of natural treasures he had consumed far exceeded his siblings. His Godfiend foundation was five times more robust than an ordinary genius’s. He had become a transcendent-grade Godfiend at age 15, and he had also mastered an ultimate move from the Black Metal Sutra. He had achieved the Sword Soul at 22 years of age.

It made the other disciples look up to him. Jiang State’s Xiao Yunyue could barely compete with him.

Archean Mountain’s requirements to allow him to descend the mountain were extremely stringent. The Nine Mystical Caves test was also extremely difficult. They didn’t allow him to leave the mountain easily. If he did not have the ability to protect himself, he would probably be assassinated by the demons once he left the mountain.

...

The question-and-answer session lasted for nearly six hours.

The Supremacy’s lecturing happened three times a month at the Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. It happened on the 5th, 15th, and 25th of every month.

Therefore, disciples didn’t have many troubles over a span of ten days. It just took a long time because nearly 70% of 200 plus disciples asked questions.

“Since nobody has any more questions,” the long-haired man smiled as his gaze swept across the new disciples and said, “I’ll talk about what the new disciples are most concerned about since they are here today. Many of you chose transcendent-grade Godfiend formulas. Give them a try first! If you see any hope in three years, you can persevere! If there’s a slim chance after three years, give up cultivating the Godfiend Body early.

“For the first three years, one cannot cultivate a Godfiend body for more than four hours a day. One should spend more time on weapon techniques and saber techniques. If one is sufficiently skilled with their weapon, they can still fight an enemy one realm higher. One must not stop cultivating their weapon techniques for a single day.

“As for the weapon techniques, how should one choose?

“The best ultimate techniques of our human race come from the Black Metal Sutras. There are sixty-two Black Metal Sutras on Archean Mountain,” said the long-haired man. “However, one needs to become a Great Solar Godfiend and condense an Essence Soul before they can accept the Black Metal Sutra legacies.

“Before this, there’s no way to receive an intent legacy. All one can do is read the text, diagrams, and other descriptions. The Black Metal Sutra legacies are ten times more difficult to cultivate without intent guidance.

“The ultimate techniques within the Black Metal Sutras are divided into three types—Heaven, Earth, and Man. The latter can be read for reference, but the former two are very profound. You’ll study them your entire lives. As there is an intent legacy, cultivating Heaven-level Godfiend arts will be much easier than the Black Metal Sutras. If one cultivates a Heaven-level Godfiend art to perfection, its strength will match a Black Metal Sutra ultimate technique.

“Amongst Heaven-level Godfiend ultimate techniques...”

...

The Supremacy explained everything one needed to know with great detail. It was much clearer than what Meng Chuan and the others had learned after reading the books in the library cave.

Many people gained a clearer understanding of Godfiend cultivation.

“Let’s end the lecture today. You are dismissed.” The long-haired man stood up and left.

“Safe travels, Master.” said the disciples respectfully.

Many disciples began to head out in groups.

“Meng Chuan, come to the Grotto-Heaven Pavilion in two hours.” A voice sounded in Meng Chuan’s ears.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 - Three Swift Strikes
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

All the disciples left the Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

Yan Jin was dragged away by his brother, Xue Feng. Liu Qiyue needed to head to her other master’s place for cultivation.

Supremacy was the master of all Archean Mountain disciples that were admitted in the past three hundred years. He only gave simple guidance to his disciples during the lectures. The disciples had to search for the true direction in their cultivation by themselves! And if they were lucky, other Godfiends would accept them as disciples. For example, there were quite a number of disciples on Archean Mountain who took in Marquis Godfiends or Regis Godfiends as masters.

Liu Qiyue’s other master was Marquis Godfiend, Marquis Heavenstar. His archery skills were enough to threaten a Regis Godfiend. He was a master specially arranged for Liu Qiyue by Archean Mountain.

...

After reading in the library for more than an hour, Meng Chuan returned to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

Night had already fallen, and the cold wind blew. The Grotto-Heaven Pavilion was completely empty, and no one could be seen.

Oh? Meng Chuan walked to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s entrance and discovered a person walking over from afar. It was a gray-robed elder. He bowed slightly and said, “Lord Meng Chuan, please follow me.”

Meng Chuan nodded and entered Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

After going through curves and bends, he saw a small pavilion in the garden. The long-haired man was leisurely sitting there. A pot of alcohol was being warmed. He flipped through a dossier as he drank.

The gray-robed elder bowed and retreated.

Meng Chuan walked closer and said respectfully, “Master.”

“Meng Chuan, you’ve practiced the Dao of painting since you were young. All of Eastcalm Prefecture’s artists were hired to teach you. You managed to paint Gallant Steeds at 13. Your artistic skills are excellent, and you’re already a top-notch artist in the present world. Apart from cultivation, you spend at least two hours painting every day.” The long-haired man smiled at Meng Chuan. “Am I right?”

Meng Chuan was shocked.

Many people had seen Gallant Steeds—his father, the clan Elders, Liu Qiyue, Yun Qingping, and many others.

“Having an inborn Essence Soul is extremely rare. According to what I know, there have only been three instances in human history for someone to have inborn Essence Souls. Their father or mother must have reached the Creation realm, and they have to pass a portion of their condensed strength to their child. Only then, can a baby have an inborn Essence Soul,” said the long-haired man with a smile. “Your parents are very weak. They are too far from the Creation realm. Clearly, it’s impossible for them to pass their power to you.

“There’s only one possibility. You’re at such a high realm at the Dao of painting and reached the state of the Dao and can seek answers from your inner self. That’s how you condensed an Essence Soul as a mortal.”

The long-haired man smiled at Meng Chuan. “Am I right?”

Meng Chuan was shocked. Before he could say anything, the other party had guessed that he had condensed an Essence Soul through painting.

“Master, you are truly wise,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

“Not at all. I can sense your Essence Soul at a glance, so I guessed it,” said the long-haired man with a smile. “In human history, other than the three infants who relied on their parents’ power, the rest formed Essence Souls through external help.

“They were either good at playing the zither, painting, calligraphy, and even blacksmithing. Once their skills reach a certain point, they can reach the Dao Seeking state. Every time they seek answers from their inner self, their heart and mind will undergo a transformation. Their souls will also undergo a transformation,” said the long-haired man. “However, it’s too difficult for people to attain the Dao through extracurricular skills. It’s too rare.

“We’ve tried grooming such people, but it was useless! It’s impossible to groom a truly-skilled artist. Even if one becomes a top artist at the age of seventy or eighty, it’ll be too late,” said the long-haired man. “Furthermore, wasting too much time on these extracurricular skills will affect their cultivation in weapon techniques.

“After reaching the Realm of Dao with weapon techniques, they too can seek answers from their inner self,” said the long-haired man. “Since one can also achieve the same with weapon techniques, there’s no need for geniuses to waste their time on such extracurricular skills.”

Meng Chuan understood.

All skills were the same. Painting was a skill, but so were weapon techniques. When one was sufficiently skilled in weapon techniques, they could also seek answers from their inner self.

However, painting was a skill that allowed one to unleash one’s inner emotions. Weapons were meant to kill enemies. To reach the state of seeking answers from their inner self, one would have reached the Realm of Dao.

Weapon techniques had several realms: Unity, Force, Intent, Soul, and Dao. One could only seek answers from their inner self after attaining Saber Dao, testimony to its difficulty.

“You can be considered a genius in saber arts,” said the long-haired man, “but you are a peerless genius at painting. Just your art alone deserves your name to be put in history for a thousand years.”

“Master, you flatter me.” Meng Chuan felt somewhat embarrassed by the compliments.

He had never publicly revealed his proudest works, People Resonance and Facing the Morning Sun. He knew that compared to the famous artists and sages in history, he was in no way inferior. The claim that the Supremacy made was indeed true.

To be able to seek answers from his inner self, it meant that his skill had reached a peak. Just a painting of his was capable of affecting the minds of others.

“Seeking answers from one’s inner self is very rare. Therefore, it’s extremely difficult to improve one’s Essence Soul,” said the long-haired man. “Essence Souls are related to the Darkstar, Incessant, and the Creation realm. Essence Souls represent your potential. Therefore, the secret of condensing an Essence Soul needs to be kept a secret. If the demons learn that you’ve condensed an Essence Soul as a mortal, demon monarchs will definitely attempt to assassinate you.”

“I understand,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

There were demon monarchs lurking in the world. For example, when the city passes were breached, there were demon monarchs who charged in. Many of them even remained hiding in the human world. Even if humans retook back the city pass, it would be difficult to find those hidden demon monarchs.

There were also unstable World Entrances that allowed demon monarchs to infiltrate the human race.

How did the Skydemon Sect form? It was established by infiltrating demon monarchs that tempted humans into betrayal.

These lurking demon monarchs would seek out critical moments to make trouble. The threat they posed was extremely great.

“You don’t have to worry,” said the long-haired man with a smile. “As long as you don’t use the power of your Essence Soul, no one will be able to tell that you have condensed an Essence Soul unless they’re at the Creation realm.

“Marquis and Regis Godfiends might discover your Essence Soul if you use its power. However, as long as you are more than a thousand feet away from them, they won’t be able to discover it,” said the long-haired man.

Meng Chuan calmed down.

He understood. He didn’t need to worry about using the power of his Essence Soul when he was more than a thousand feet from a Regis Godfiend.

“Actually, once you become a Great Solar Godfiend, there’s no need to hide your Essence Soul,” said the long-haired man with a smile. “With your talent, I believe you will definitely be able to become a Great Solar Godfiend in fifteen years.”

Meng Chuan nodded as he listened. Among the Great Solar Godfiends, there were already precedents of people successfully condensing an Essence Soul.

“Of course, the most important aspects of Godfiend cultivation is the physical body, Essence Soul, and your saber arts realm. Your Essence Soul is an advantage, but if your other aspects don’t reach the required threshold, you will not be able to reach the Darkstar realm,” said the long-haired man. “In these three aspects, the most important is the saber art realm. You haven’t even achieved Saber Intent yet, so you are still a distance away.”

“I understand,” said Meng Chuan respectfully. He also admitted that his love for saber arts was indeed inferior to painting.

“The saber arts realm is more important than the physical body or Essence Soul. Therefore, you need to choose a suitable saber art to cultivate,” said the long-haired man. “Our Archean Mountain has many saber art legacies. How about this? Use the saber technique you are most skilled at. Let me see which saber arts are suitable for you.”

“Okay.”

Meng Chuan immediately walked to an empty space. His Quintessential Essence condensed into one. With a flash, he traversed a hundred feet. An aqueous saber beam silently cut through the sky without stirring the wind.

This was the move he had cultivated the longest over all these years—the Saber Drawing Stance!

“Good.” The long-haired man nodded slightly when he saw this. Meng Chuan’s Saber Drawing Stance left him quite satisfied.

He executed the Saber Drawing Stance three times in a row. He then switched to Swaying Moonfall before using his defensive saber art! Finally, he used his incomplete Five Lightning Descent. The first two strikes were of the Five Lightning Descent, but the third strike was Swaying Moonfall.

“I’m only good at these few moves,” said Meng Chuan respectfully as he sheathed his saber.

“Haha.” The long-haired man laughed. “I was shocked when I saw you use the Five Lightning Descent. How could you perform a complete Five Lightning Descent at your level? It turned out that you combined an incomplete move with another strike.”

Meng Chuan immediately said, “I received a Lightning Devastator Saber fragment. I accepted the legacy with my consciousness, but I can barely inherit a portion of it.”

“You are a mortal, after all. Your Essence Soul is too weak,” said the long-haired man. “Your body is like a vessel, and your Essence Soul is the water in the vessel. Your mortal body is like a cup of water, so there’s naturally very little water inside. If you reach the Great Solar realm, your body will be like a huge water vat. It can contain a lot more water.”

“Your body has restricted your Essence Soul,” said the long-haired man.

“I understand.” Meng Chuan suddenly understood.

It was said that after condensing an Essence Soul at the Great Solar realm, one could accept a Black Metal Sutra legacy completely. However, his Essence Soul wasn’t even able to accept a fragment of the Black Metal Sutra legacy. The culprit was his Essence Soul. The difference was too great.

“Your Essence Soul’s quality is rather high, but it’s just too small,” said the long-haired man. “When you become a Godfiend, your Essence Soul will be much larger. When you can withstand inheriting a Black Metal Sutra legacy, I’ll let you accept it.”

“Thank you, Master,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

“From the way you used your saber arts, you are clearly skilled in the swift saber,” said the long-haired man. “Our Archean Mountain has a total of nine Black Metal Sutra saber arts. Among them, three are for the swift saber. These three are the Lightning Devastator Saber you just used, the Heart Intent Saber, and the World Roving Dragon Saber.

“However, the Lightning Devastator Saber only has 30% compatibility with you! This saber art was created by Supremacy Thundergod over thirty thousand years ago. This saber art is more about being dominating. It’s extremely fast, but it’s also extremely dominating. Your saber arts aren’t that dominating, so you only have a 30% compatibility with it. However, this saber art works very well with the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

“The World Roving Dragon Saber is extremely fast and bizarre to the extreme. You have a 50% compatibility with it.

“The Heart Intent Saber is an even purer form of the swift saber. It has a 90% compatibility with you.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 - Body Tempering With Baneful Aura
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Then should I choose the Heart Intent Saber?” inquired Meng Chuan.

The Supremacy nodded. “Choose the Heart Intent Saber. You will cultivate this saber art several times faster than the World Roving Dragon Saber, and Lightning Devastator Saber. What you should focus on now is to achieve Saber Intent. The true intent of a saber art needs to be sublime.

“Therefore, one has to specialize in a saber art if they are trying to achieve Saber Intent. Only by cultivating the Heart Intent Saber and achieving the Saber Soul, can you choose a few techniques from the World Roving Dragon Saber and Lightning Devastator Saber to complete your saber art repertoire.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “I understand.”

Before reaching the Saber Soul realm, he was only to cultivate the Heart Intent Saber.

“Heart Intent Saber has eighteen stances. The first stance is called the Heart Saber Stance. It’s the foundation of all other moves in the saber art. It’s the saber art’s core! This Heart Saber Stance is also known as the Heart Intent Saber Drawing Stance,” said the Supremacy with a smile. “The Saber Drawing Stance you’ve trained is very similar to the Heart Saber Stance. This is also why I said that you are 90% compatible with this saber art. However, you are still unable to accept a Black Metal Sutra legacy. All you can do is go to the Impartation Pavilion and choose ordinary manuals for perusal.

“If you cultivate the Heart Intent Saber, you can head to Archean Mountain’s Thousand Sabers Cavern. This saber art was created when Godfiend Guo Ke was being punished in the Thousand Sabers Cavern.”

Meng Chuan was secretly puzzled.

Being punished?

“Godfiend Guo Ke was struck at the Incessant realm due to his weak physical body. He was unable to reach the Creation realm,” said the Supremacy. “However, the Heart Intent Saber is indeed a saber art for Creation realm experts. It’s one of humanity’s most powerful weapon art legacies.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. For Godfiend cultivation, one’s physical body, Essence Soul, and weapon realm were indispensable.

The Heart Intent Saber’s creator was stuck as a Regis Godfiend because his physical body was too weak.

...

After Meng Chuan left Grotto-Heaven Pavilion, he was in no hurry to choose his saber art. Instead, he went to the library and searched for books regarding the three saber arts. Although he trusted his master, he still had to make his own decisions.

The Heart Intent Saber Black Metal Sutra has two identical copies. One is in Archean Mountain, while the other is in Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. Meng Chuan gained an understanding while reading. In history, powerful Godfiends would usually pay the price to create two or even three copies of their legacies. Firstly, it was to prevent unforeseen events from causing the legacy to be lost or damaged. Their legacies were ultimately products of blood, sweat, and tears, so they were willing to create one or two more copies. Secondly, the copies were traded for other Black Metal Sutras with other factions.

Archean Mountain had a huge collection of Black Metal Sutras and Godfiend body formulas. Many of them were created by Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, Two World Island, and experts from other factions.

For example, Archean Mountain only had remnant copies of the Lightning Devastator Saber. However, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven had a complete copy of the Lightning Devastator Saber legacy.

Ever since the demons invaded their world, humanity’s three supreme sects had deepened their relationships with one another. In the future, they would pay a certain price to obtain the complete Lightning Devastator Saber legacy from Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

Okay. Meng Chuan read one book after another, increasing his understanding of the three saber arts. Furthermore—with his master’s advice—he was confident.

Master is right. The Lightning Devastator Saber is too domineering. It doesn’t suit me. However, I can choose one or two moves as secret techniques in the future. Many of these saber techniques are to be unleashed frenziedly. For example, the Five Lightning Descent was a swift, devastating move.

The World Roving Dragon Saber focuses on strange, abrupt changes. I can learn from its unpredictable movement technique.

These three saber arts contained movement techniques. Meng Chuan had taken a fancy to the World Roving Dragon Saber’s movement technique. Having unpredictable movement made it very easy to kill enemies.

...

In the Impartation Pavilion, Meng Chuan chose the complete secret manual of the Heart Intent Saber and three thick books filled with supplementary notes to bring back to his cave abode. The three books were written by three Regis Godfiends—who had cultivated the Heart Intent Saber. They were left behind for their successors.

“Prepare hot water. I’m taking a bath.” Meng Chuan instructed after returning to his cave abode late at night. Following that, he began reading the Heart Intent Saber manual carefully.

Without intent guidance, he could only read and ponder over the content slowly. With the supplementary notes, he began understanding the Heart Intent Saber slowly.

After reading late into the night, Meng Chuan continued his Saber Drawing Stance repetitions when he woke up the next day. He wasn’t in a hurry to cultivate the Heart Intent Saber. Instead, he decided to spend ten days studying the manual and supplementary notes carefully. After gaining a deep understanding of the saber art, would he begin cultivating it.

...

Archean Mountain, Myriad Wither Peak, the next afternoon.

“Lord Meng Chuan.” There was a servant guarding the entrance to a Myriad Wither Peak cave. There were four words engraved on top of the cave—Three Yin Banefire Cave.

Meng Chuan walked over and smiled. “I would like a C-rank chamber.”

“Please follow me.” A servant immediately led the way.

Meng Chuan was astonished by Myriad Wither Peak. There were many baneful aura caves in Myriad Wither Peak. These baneful auras were transported from areas around the world by powerful Godfiends. It was hard for vegetation to survive on Myriad Wither Peak. A few special plants could survive, but Myriad Wither Peak didn’t have any trace of greenery at all.

Three Yin Banefire was the first out of nine baneful auras needed to refine his body in preparation for the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

Meng Chuan was a mortal; thus, the baneful aura concentration in a C-rank chamber was sufficient for him. The baneful aura would probably turn Meng Chuan into dust the moment he breathed inside an A-rank chamber.

“At the Three Yin Banefire Cave. A C-rank room requires ten credits per day,” said the servant with a smile. “As long as you don’t spend more than 24 hours cultivating inside, it will be considered a day.”

“Got it.” Meng Chuan nodded. Ten credits a day? It was already one of the lowest prices.

Rumble!

The door to the chamber opened, and Meng Chuan entered. He casually closed the stone door and shut it tight.

The chamber was 50 feet long and wide. An oil lamp—that was permanently lit—and a mat furnished the room. There was nothing else.

This baneful aura is really thin. Meng Chuan could see a faint dark red gas floating in the chamber with his naked eye. He also began to feel a slight stabbing pain on his skin.

Time to begin. Meng Chuan drew his saber and used a saber art.

This saber art was recorded in the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body legacy. It wasn’t meant for killing. Instead, it was for refining baneful auras. When executing the saber art, one would control their muscles with more finesse to exert strength. It allowed one’s strained muscles to absorb baneful auras, speeding up the body’s absorption speed.

Breathe out; breathe in. He used Saber Force to exert all his strength as he used the baneful Aura Refinement Saber Art. The more his muscles exerted strength, the more they absorbed the baneful aura greedily.

Strands of dark red baneful aura entered Meng Chuan’s body and slowly transformed his body.

Slowly, Meng Chuan’s heart was filled with agitation and an impulse to go crazy.

Baneful auras indeed affect one’s mind. I’ve only just started cultivating, and I’m absorbing the most ordinary baneful aura; yet, I’m already agitated slightly. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly. He easily maintained his lucidity and continued executing the saber art.

One had to put in a lot of effort when executing the body-tempering saber art. It was useless if one carelessly executed the saber art.

His movements had to be precise. The more he channeled his strength, the more the baneful aura would fuse with his body! It increased his absorption efficiency and speed.

...

He continued cultivating for nearly two hours before he began to feel a stabbing pain throughout his body.

I’ve reached my body’s current limits. He immediately stopped executing the Baneful Aura Refining Saber Art. His body needed time to adapt.

Rumble! Meng Chuan opened the stone door and walked out.

If it weren’t for the fact that he needed the baneful aura to refine his body, staying in the chamber only brought harm.

...

Archean Mountain was very convenient. All kinds of resources for cultivating a transcendent-grade Godfiend body were prepared. They could be exchanged using credits.

Every day, Meng Chuan would train in the Three Yin Banefire Cave’s C-rank chamber for two hours. He did this for five days, and it was now afternoon on New Year’s Eve.

Oh? After using the body-tempering saber art for more than an hour, Meng Chuan suddenly felt like he had “eaten his fill.” He immediately stopped and inspected his body with his inner vision.

Under his inner vision, his bones and flesh emanated dark red baneful aura faintly. Even his blood had the same traits.

It’s already fused with the bone marrow? I’m done with the First Refinement? Meng Chuan extended his finger, and with a thought, dark red baneful aura rose from his fingertip. When he saw this, he smiled. The Three Yin Banefire has fused with my body completely. My body can produce a small amount of Three Yin Banefire now.

The First Refinement is the easiest because the baneful aura is the weakest. The negative effects it has on my will is weak. Five days? The speed is still alright. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. I’ll begin the Second Refinement tomorrow.

Every person—who had cultivated a Lightning Divine Body—completed the First Refinement very smoothly. The further one went, the slower the body refining would become. It was even possible that they would go crazy, and their bodies would collapse. Therefore, many geniuses would immediately stop when they sensed danger. They would have no choice but to give up on this Godfiend body if that happened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 - Saber Practicing in Thousand Sabers Cavern
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On New Year’s Eve, all Archean Mountain disciples gathered at Dao Exchange Peak.

“Cheers!”

“Cheers!”

A group of disciples enjoyed themselves with drinks. There were also musicians playing music by the side. Delicacies were constantly served by servants.

Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan sat together and watched the fireworks explode in the distance. The servants—who were launching the fireworks from afar—were also very happy.

“In a blink of an eye, it’s already New Year’s Eve. This is the first New Year’s Eve I’m spending at Archean Mountain.” Liu Qiyue leaned against Meng Chuan and felt like she wasn’t lonely on Archean Mountain anymore.

“We will be here for about ten years,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “This will be our last peaceful period. We will be placed on the battlefield once we leave the mountain.”

After entering Archean Mountain, most disciples went down the mountain after ten to fifteen years. Some people went down the mountain earlier—about six years after entering Archean Mountain.

Some of the more talented disciples took twenty years before leaving the mountain.

The higher one’s talent was, the harder the Nine Mystical Caves test. For example, the Fifth Young Master—Xue Feng—had been on the mountain for ten years. He had achieved Sword Soul last year. He was now far more powerful than Jadesun Palace Lord, but he still wasn’t able to pass the Nine Mystical Caves.

My future Nine Mystical Caves test will probably be very difficult as well. He had formed his Essence Soul when he was mortal, so his master’s requirements for him would definitely be strict. If he successfully cultivated a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body and a Black Metal Sutra move, the test would be extremely difficult. Of course, it wouldn’t be easy for him to cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body and a Black Metal Sutra either. Only two disciples—who hadn’t left the mountain—were capable of doing so. One of them was King Calm Sea’s fifth son, Xue Feng, and the other was Xiao Yunyue from Jiang State’s Xiao family.

“We have to enter the battlefield once we leave the mountain. Therefore, we need to cultivate well on the mountain. Only with sufficient strength can we kill powerful demon monarchs,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Hey Couple, what are the two of you talking about? Why aren’t you coming over to drink?” Dong Fang’s voice was rough as he shouted loudly.

“Yes, yes, yes. Come on over,” Ning Yibo shouted in a tipsy state.

“Couple?” Liu Qiyue blushed red when she heard that.

“Qiyue, let’s go over.” Meng Chuan smiled as he pulled Liu Qiyue along. Liu Qiyue had come up the mountain alone, so she joined this new batch of disciples for the gathering.

There were three gatherings at Dao Exchange Peak every month. They happened on the 10th, 20th, and last day of each month.

Firstly, the gathering was meant for them to relax and make friends. After all, they would be comrade-in-arms on the battlefield. Secondly, they could discuss any cultivation problems that stumped them. Many Archean Mountain disciples still on the mountains had become Godfiends; thus, they could give some pointers to their juniors.

Thirdly, they could engage in sparring matches. All who entered Archean Mountain were geniuses, so they naturally refused to admit defeat.

The gathering today was very special. It was New Year’s Eve.

“Come, come. We can let Sister Qiyue off, but Meng Chuan, you’re a man. You need to drink three shots as a forfeit!” Dong Fang laughed.

“Alright, I’ll drink three cups.” Meng Chuan didn’t hesitate and quickly downed three cups of alcohol.

Yan Jin sat with a cup of alcohol in his hand as a smile crept up on the corners of his mouth.

The group of people drank and talked.

“I think I’m quite talented in cultivating the Two World Divine Body. I’ve already gained basic mastery of it. Perhaps I’ll be able to achieve a transcendent-grade Godfiend body in a year,” said the youngest Yan Chitong. He sat cross-legged—his feet bare—as he gnawed on a drumstick smugly.

“Junior Brother, don’t be too smug. It’s easy to gain basic mastery of the Two World Divine Body. The hardest parts are the three life-and-death tribulations,” said Yan Feng with a smile.

“None of the transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies are simple,” said Chu Yong.

Everyone was in a good mood.

Everyone’s cultivation was very smooth in the beginning. Meng Chuan’s cultivation of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body had also gone very smoothly.

“Look at how happy you all are.” A carefree young man walked over with an alcohol flask in hand. He looked drunk. “My name is Yue Qing. I came to Archean Mountain two years earlier than you. Every new batch of disciples would smile happily in the beginning, but they all wore bitter looks as they continued cultivating. It’s really difficult to achieve a transcendent-grade Godfiend body. I haven’t succeeded in cultivating the Black Sand Fiend Body to this day. Forget it. Let’s not talk about this. It’s New Year’s Eve. Why talk about this? Let me toast all of you, my juniors.”

“Bottoms up, Senior Brother.”

Meng Chuan and company raised their cups. He wasn’t familiar with all of his seniors. However, they would gradually become more familiar with each other through gatherings at Dao Exchange Peak.

They were destined to be influential figures of the Great Zhou Dynasty. They were still young.

...

After New Year’s Eve—the first day of the new year—he began cultivating normally again.

All the geniuses were very diligent. They knew that many twenty-year-olds were serving in the military and fighting on the battlefield while they were able to live comfortably. Why? It was because they were the hope of humanity! On the mountain, they had all the resources and formulas they needed. Many seniors left behind secret manuals and notes while fighting outside.

They were free to choose, and the Supremacy guided them personally. Therefore, they didn’t want to waste time.

Thousand Sabers Cavern.

On 6th January, Meng Chuan arrived at Thousand Sabers Cavern.

Looking up, one could see countless caves. Strong winds passed through these caves, producing ear-piercing sounds. There were even visible “wind blades” passing through the caves.

Thousand Sabers Cavern was a natural formation. One didn’t require any credit to cultivate here.

From today onwards, I’ll practice my saber here every day. Meng Chuan leaped 100 feet high and entered a cave.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! The raging winds in the cave roared as wind blades sliced through them. The tunnels were in all kinds of weird shapes—due to the howling winds buffeting the cave for many years.

As Meng Chuan walked through the cave, he dodged the wind blades nimbly. As for the wind? It was nothing to experts at his level.

After venturing a thousand feet into the cave, the wind in the cave grew stronger. There were even more wind blades here.

According to Archean Mountain’s records, Godfiend Guo Ke was isolated deep inside Thousand Sabers Cavern. He had his Quintessential Essence sealed, preventing him from casting a domain. The wind blades constantly sliced at his body, causing him to suffer endless torment. Therefore, he constantly sliced the wind blades apart.

There are countless wind blades deep inside Thousand Sabers Cavern; they can slice a newly-advanced Godfiend to pieces. In the three years he spent inside Thousand Sabers Cavern, Guo Ke created the Heart Intent Saber Art—which helped him dominate the entire world—after repeatedly slashing the wind blades. With this, he became a Marquis Godfiend. Then, he went deeper into Thousand Sabers Cavern to cultivate his saber arts! By the time he reached the end, he had mastered the Heart Saber Stance and became a Regis Godfiend. The Heart Intent Saber Art was perfected after centuries, becoming one of humanity’s strongest weapon arts.

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

The foundation of Heart Intent Saber’s eighteen stances was the first stance—Heart Saber Stance.

The Heart Saber Stance was the most basic move of Heart Intent Saber, but it was also the saber art’s ultimate move. However, to most Heart Intent Saber cultivators, the next three stances were stronger. After all, there was only a handful in history who could transform the Heart Saber Stance into the most powerful move.

Time to begin. Meng Chuan quickly drew his saber.

Wind blades whistled through the air, their trajectories unpredictable. A saber beam flashed and cleaved the wind blades! The wind blades were weak, so Meng Chuan sliced through them easily.

Nine saber beams struck the wind blades one after another, but there were still two wind blades that flew past Meng Chuan.

Oh? Meng Chuan frowned. According to the manual, I have to block all the wind blades. However, the wind blades don’t fly over simultaneously. I need to slice them apart quickly. My saber needs to be fast, and I have to strike out consecutively and accurately.

It was different from when he trained with arrows flying at him. Previously, Meng Chuan struck out once before sheathing his saber, in preparation for the next strike.

Here, a large number of wind blades attacked him irregularly. He needed to draw his saber quickly and strike out multiple times. In the blink of an eye, he needed to attack seven to ten times.

I’ll follow the Quintessential Essence circulation method described by the Heart Intent Saber manual. Meng Chuan was also adapting to it. Previously, he used the Quintessential Essence circulation method that he had gleaned from a portion of the Five Lightning Descent move to create his own Saber Drawing Stance.

However, the technique he created was crude.

The Heart Saber Stance circulation method is the most suitable for a saber drawing stance. It can be said to be the best saber drawing stance in the world.

As Meng Chuan got used to it, his execution of the saber move improved. Ninety percent of his strength went into the saber strike, while the last ten percent was used to direct the blade. His explosive speed would reach an extreme, and he would immediately deliver another strike. He kept this up continuously, his saber never stopping.

This was the only way to slice more and more wind blades apart.

Yes, that’s how it should be. Meng Chuan quickly adapted. After all, he had spent a lot of effort on the Saber Drawing Stance. He had a great deal of experience, so he learned the Heart Saber Stance quickly. He quickly blocked the wind blades in Thousand Sabers Cavern and advanced forward. As he advanced, the wind blades grew in strength and number. When Godfiend Guo Ke reached Thousand Sabers Cavern’s end, he had relied on his Heart Saber Stance to become a Regis Godfiend. As a mortal, Meng Chuan was still far from reaching that stage.

...

Meng Chuan spent seven hours cultivating in Thousand Sabers Cavern every day. He spent six hours on the Heart Saber Stance. He spent an hour practicing the movement technique, Swallow Stance, and the defensive technique, Red Lotus Stance. Swallow Stance and Red Lotus Stance were Heart Intent Saber’s ninth and fifth moves respectively.

After leaving Thousand Sabers Cavern, he returned to his cave abode to eat and rest. In the afternoon, he would spend two hours tempering his body with baneful aura. When evening came, he painted. Having learned that painting was beneficial to his Essence Soul, he naturally didn’t stop. He also liked painting from the bottom of his heart.

...

Days passed.

Meng Chuan’s cultivation of Lightning Devastator Fiend Body went very smoothly. He reached First Refinement in five days, Second Refinement in twelve days, and the Third Refinement in eighteen days. His progress was extremely smooth, making Meng Chuan extremely happy. From the looks of it, he was truly suited for the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

However—a month later—he encountered a bottleneck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 - Cultivation Bottleneck
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Myriad Wither Peak’s Molten Iron Baneful Aura Pool spanned two hundred feet. It was comparable to some lakes. Churning black baneful aura emanated from the pool.

There were many chambers in the stone walls next to the pool.

In the fifty-foot-wide Chamber 11, there was a pipe in the corner that connected to the Molten Iron Baneful Aura Pool. Black baneful aura—with a lower concentration than the pool—diffused into the chamber.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

As the Molten Iron baneful aura entered his body, Meng Chuan felt his entire body heat up. His mind was assaulted by the baneful aura as well. Under the influence of baneful aura, the body-tempering saber art’s effects would be reduced, even if ordinary geniuses managed to stay awake. However, Meng Chuan had the Power of Essence Soul that helped him resist the baneful aura. This gave him absolute clarity of mind. He executed the body-tempering saber art with perfection, allowing his muscles to release strength.

This was why Meng Chuan had achieved the Fourth Refinement in a short month. He was half-way through completing the Fifth Refinement. He resisted the baneful aura’s effect on his mind completely.

My saber art realm isn’t high enough. If I don’t achieve Saber Intent, I won’t be able to use most of my physical strength. My body is absorbing the baneful already much slower now. Meng Chuan was a little anxious. From the first day of attempting the Fifth Refinement, the effects baneful aura has on my body-tempering has constantly been decreasing. With my current absorption speed, I’m afraid I’ll take a year to complete the Fifth Refinement. And that’s not even mentioning that my body-tempering speed might decrease tomorrow.

What about the Sixth Refinement? Will it take five years, ten years? What about the Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Refinement? Meng Chuan shook his head gently.

Archean Mountain had plenty of books that introduced the various cultivation milestones of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

If one wanted to cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body to a high level, their progress would be determined by several aspects.

The first was the physical body. The stronger one’s body foundation, the faster one absorbed and fused baneful aura. Meng Chuan’s Godfiend foundation was three times more robust than an ordinary mortal’s. It wasn’t bad, although it was inferior to Xue Feng’s Godfiend foundation, it was impressive enough. It was a Godfiend foundation forged from consuming a drop of Godfiend Jade Marrow Liquid, an Iceheart Fruit, and Astral Spirit Grass strand. It was a top-notch Godfiend foundation among geniuses. Meng Chuan was very grateful for his father’s and family’s efforts.

Second, will. The stronger one’s will was, the better. It reduced the negative effects of baneful auras. His strong will allowed him to execute the body-tempering saber art better. With the Power of Essence Soul, Meng Chuan could maintain absolute clarity of mind! He could execute the body-tempering saber art without any mental interference! He scored full marks on this aspect.

The third was realm. The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body required one to be at the Realm of Intent. This was because Intent allowed a person’s body to produce strength several times greater than when using Force! Intent allowed one to use more of their body’s potential. This caused a quantitative change in the absorption of baneful aura. Furthermore, Saber Intent would help him execute the body-tempering saber art more intricately. This also bettered the body-tempering effects—a qualitative change.

One had to achieve Intent before they had a chance of reaching the Seventh Refinement. And it was just a chance to reach it.

Many geniuses had reached the Realm of Intent, but the further they advanced in regards to body-tempering, the stronger the baneful auras became. They could barely maintain lucidity when the baneful aura attacked their minds; thus, only achieving a portion of the body-tempering saber art’s effects. If one had a sufficiently robust Godfiend foundation, they would stand a chance of reaching the Seventh Refinement. If their foundation were weak, they wouldn’t have any hope of reaching the Seven Refinement.

I’ll try the Power of Essence Soul. He now knew that the Power of Soul was the Power of Essence Soul. The Essence Soul was closely related to the body, and it was best at utilizing the body’s potential.

Boom!

The Power of Essence Soul fused with his body. His perception of his body became several times clearer. The blood in his heart seemed to be churning like rivers. His lungs and breathing mimicked the whistling air in Thousand Sabers Cavern. With improved perception, he could muster several-fold his normal strength and speed when he used the body-tempering saber art. The body-tempering effects he gained was no less than using Intent.

His body became greedier as it absorbed the baneful aura. His body-tempering efficiency immediately soared. However, this drained his Power of Essence Soul too quickly. Before he could complete one set of the body-tempering saber art, his Power of Essence Soul was already depleted.

Meng Chuan shook his head. The effects of absorbing the baneful aura have increased by several dozen-fold. Unfortunately, it doesn’t last long. I can train once in the morning. When the Power of Essence Soul has recovered fully at night, I can train again. I can use the baneful aura to temper my body twice a day at maximum efficiency, but these sessions are too short.

Previously, he cultivated for two hours. But now, he couldn’t continue after a few seconds. It was too short.

Even if it’s two times a day, it would probably take a year. There’s still the Sixth and Seventh Refinement... Meng Chuan shook his head. This isn’t a solution.

A beard well lathered is half shaved. I’ll try to comprehend Saber Intent first before continuing to temper my body. As long as I achieve Saber Intent, I’ll probably complete the Fifth Refinement in five days. There’s no need to drain my Power of Essence Soul daily. It’s not good for cultivation either.

Tempering the body with baneful aura is too slow. According to the descriptions in the manual, I should stop. The longer I’m exposed to the baneful aura, the greater the damage to my body. Many geniuses eventually collapse physically and are forced to stop. My body-tempering speed is slow; therefore, there’s no need to persist blindly.

Some geniuses had reached the Realm of Intent. However—with the baneful aura invading their minds—they barely managed to stay conscious. This caused the body-tempering saber art to be ineffective for them. Their bodies suffered severe damage after absorbing the baneful aura for too long.

The wisest method was to train one’s will, such as reaching the Darkness Altar’s summit! With sufficient willpower, one could maintain 60–70% of the body-tempering saber art’s effects whilst being assaulted by baneful aura. This way, there was hope.

However, it was very difficult to temper one’s will! It normally took geniuses three to five years to temper their well. Geniuses could not afford to waste so much time.

The Godfiend foundation was forged in the Mortal Shedding realm. It was impossible to change it now.

Raising realms was even more difficult.

Archean Mountain gave ten years for their disciples to become high-grade Godfiends at the very least, or they would be expelled from the inner sect. With such time constraints, cultivating a transcendent-grade Godfiend body was very difficult.

Apart from the Phoenix Divine Body and the Dragon God Body, it made sense why five of the other ten transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies—the Archean Divine Body, the Samsara Divine Body, the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, the Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body, and the Great Strength Fiend Body—were the hardest to cultivate.

If I want to reach the Ninth Refinement, I need to achieve Saber Intent. Without any hesitation, Meng Chuan left the chamber.

From this day onwards, he stopped cultivating his Godfiend body and focused on his saber art. Time originally spent for Godfiend body cultivation, was instead used for his saber arts.

He spent seven hours cultivating every morning! After lunch, he painted during his resting hours and recovered from his exhaustion. After all, it was exhausting to cultivate in the Thousand Sabers Cavern for long periods of time, even though he loved cultivating the swift saber. He had no restraint when painting. He could draw as he wished, allowing his mind to relax completely.

After eating food in the late afternoon, he would head to the Thousand Sabers Cavern and spend four hours perfecting the Heart Saber Stance. In total, he spent eleven hours on the Heart Saber Stance every day! After his painting sessions mid-day, he would be at his optimal state.

...

In the blink of an eye, it was June.

Bright Scenic Peak at night.

“Steward Liu, when did Meng Chuan leave?” Liu Qiyue placed dishes on the table and asked.

“Lord Meng Chuan left at 16:45,” said Steward Liu respectfully.

“I understand. You can leave first,” instructed Liu Qiyue.

“Yes.” Steward Liu respectfully retreated.

Liu Qiyue sat at the table and looked at the food she had prepared. Ah Chuan cultivates until so late in the day. For the past six months at Archean Mountain, his cultivation has become even crazier than when we were back at home.

Her heart ached a little.

After hours of training, her mental fatigue greatly reduced her efficiency. According to her master, she should stop to rest if she was truly exhausted and had poor cultivation efficiency. Forcefully cultivating without rest was not beneficial.

However, Meng Chuan had been cultivating for a very long time.

She read a book as she waited at the table silently.

...

Late at night, an exhausted Meng Chuan finally returned to his cave abode.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue immediately stood up.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan’s exhausted face brightened when he saw Liu Qiyue.

“I personally cooked some food for you. Try it,” said Liu Qiyue immediately. She covered each plate with her hands and heated the cold dishes up rapidly. Using the power of a Phoenix bloodline to heat food was quite a rare sight.

Meng Chuan saw the dishes being heated up. Steam rose from the soup.

He was quite touched. Qiyue probably waited quite long for him.

“Oh, there’s my favorite pork belly.” Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up. He immediately sat down and picked up his chopsticks.

“Join me,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

“There’s no need. I’m already full,” said Liu Qiyue.

“I’m rather hungry,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. He had been cultivating the Heart Saber Stance for four hours in the Thousand Sabers Cavern. He was naturally very hungry, and he enjoyed the meal.

Liu Qiyue watched from the side with a smile, but she still said, “Ah Chuan, don’t tire yourself out from cultivating. My master said that persisting in cultivation when you’re exhausted is harmful.”

“Don’t worry, I know.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“It’s useless no matter how many times I tell you this,” Liu Qiyue said exasperatedly.

Meng Chuan smiled without defending himself.

If he didn’t paint for more than two hours in the afternoon, he wouldn’t have had the energy to continue practicing his saber in the evening.

His painting time wasn’t fixed. It depended on his mood. Sometimes, it was a little short. Other times, it was longer. He didn’t limit the time as long as he enjoyed himself. Therefore, Meng Chuan never had a fixed time for when he returned in the evening. Liu Qiyue often waited for quite some time.

“Qiyue, I have a feeling.” Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue and softly said, “I’m not far from achieving Saber Intent. I’ll definitely be able to break through within half a month.”

“Really?” Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up when she heard that.

“In a few days, I’ll use my saber art in front of you,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Liu Qiyue nodded. Her eyes were bright. She was extremely happy seeing Meng Chuan becoming stronger.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 - Basic Mastery of Saber Intent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An early summer morning, the sky was dimly lit.

With a saber by his waist, Meng Chuan arrived at the Thousand Sabers Cavern alone.

Swoosh. Leaping 100 feet high, he entered the familiar cave. After passing several forks on the path, he took a few turns and walked nearly two hundred feet before stopping. The wind was far more intense here. The wind blades were faster and sharper. Ordinary Seamless realm experts could lose their lives if they were hit by the wind blades. However, Meng Chuan smiled as he took in this scene.

Every time he split the wind blades apart, he felt a sense of accomplishment.

The depth he traveled in the Thousand Sabers Cavern signified how brilliant his Heart Saber Stance was. He believed that he wasn’t too far from reaching basic mastery of the Heart Saber Stance.

Meng Chuan focused and slowly summoned strength from his body and Quintessential Essence. It was as if he was gathering his strength before pouncing on prey! His right hand suddenly moved without any warning. He held his saber hilt and unsheathed the blade. An aqueous saber beam streaked across the air. When it struck the wind blade, the strange force contained within the saber beams exploded with a bang.

He swung his saber continuously, producing ten arcing saber beams that fanned out beautifully. The saber beams glistened like water. When they struck their targets, a deep sound would ensue, dissipating the wind blades completely.

There were a few key requirements to gain basic mastery of the Heart Saber Stance. One needed to draw their saber quickly! The saber art required each slash to be connected without pausing!

Most importantly, it was a combination of Yin and Yang. The Yin represented the hidden strength converged within the saber. When the saber hit a target, the Yin would turn to Yang—the Yang was responsible for the eruption in strength! The Yin-to-Yang transformation produced a special explosive force. This Yin-Yang Blast was the essence of this move. With this explosive strength, one could quickly retract the saber as it transformed into Yin! When striking again, another Yin-to-Yang transformation would occur. This could go on perpetually.

Continuing the perpetual cycle of Yin-to-Yang transformations was the most difficult thing about the Heart Saber Stance. Without any intent guidance, it was hard to master the Yin-to-Yang transformation. The text-based descriptions in the manual were extremely vague.

Thankfully, Meng Chuan had a solid foundation. He had a lot of experience with the Saber Drawing Stance—which was similar to the Heart Saber Stance. This allowed his cultivation to be smooth.

Every day, he slashed at tens of thousands of wind blades. After half a year, he had grasped many of Heart Saber Stance’s secrets. The moment he consolidated all his knowledge into one, he would take that critical step.

Yin is concealment; Yang is explosive. Yin turns to Yang, and Yang turns into Yin. Yin and Yang spin perpetually, ensuring that the saber never stops. Meng Chuan executed his saber art constantly. Amidst thunderous booms, he blasted apart the wind blades.

There was no pattern to the wind blades’ attacks. Sometimes, ten wind blades would attack simultaneously. Sometimes, there would be a handful of wind blades, and they all had unpredictable trajectories.

However, as long as he struck out fast enough, he would be able to cleave through them with his saber!

Almost. Just a little bit!

He had executed the Heart Saber Stance many times. His strength and Quintessential Essence fusion had become instinctive as his Saber Force transformed slowly. He constantly pursued perfection. With his perception domain, he could identify the tiny flaws in his saber art execution.

Just a little more. Just a little bit more.

He pursued perfection with every slash.

Whoosh. When he finally struck out with his saber again, he finally reached his goal.

His muscles and bones underwent a magical fusion. He erupted with strength several-fold greater than normal. His Quintessential Essence began circulating with a unique rhythm. His Quintessential Essence perfectly merged with his body.

The saber beam’s speed suddenly increased. The saber beam flashed, turning blurry when it streaked across the sky. Following that, it struck a wind blade. With a deep boom—at the area where the wind blade had been struck—the air spherically distorted.

If that struck a newly-advanced demon monarch—even if their body could withstand the strike—the Yin-Yang Blast would shatter their organs, leaving them severely injured if not dead.

He could kill a newly advanced first Firmament demon monarch with ten strikes.

A peerless genius—who had comprehended Saber Intent and had also mastered a Black Metal Sutra move—could fight and kill a first Firmament demon monarch as a mortal.

Bam! Bam! Bam! The explosions left one trembling. The saber beam blurred because each strike was mind-bogglingly fast. They were like arrows. Once an arrow shot out, it would appear right in front of someone! As for its trajectory? It was impossible to track.

Meng Chuan’s Heart Saber Stance now had the traits of a sharpshooter’s arrow.

I’ve mastered it. I’ve mastered it. Meng Chuan stopped, and his face revealed excitement. I’ve mastered the Heart Saber Stance and have also comprehended the Heart Saber Stance’s Saber Intent.

The Heart Intent Saber had a total of eighteen stances. Each move had a different Saber Intent. This was why it was extremely difficult to master a Black Metal Sutra legacy. Even if one had reached the Realm of Intent, if the Intent weren’t identical to the one required for a certain Black Metal Sutra move, they would be unable to unleash the move’s true might. It would look good on the surface, but it had insufficient strength.

There was only one way to master a Black Metal Sutra’s ultimate technique! That was to cultivate one move for a long time. By doing this, one could reach the Realm of Intent. The condensed Intent would be the most for the move.

It was impossible to inherit a Black Metal Sutra legacy without an Essence Soul. Even Meng Chuan couldn’t inherit a Black Metal Sutra legacy due to his weak Essence Soul. Without an Essence Soul, all one could do was read the written descriptions.

It was too difficult to reach the Realm of Intent without intent guidance. Archean Mountain’s Heaven, Earth, and Man Godfiend techniques had intent guidance for knowledge impartation.

To reach the Realm of Intent without any intent guidance would take ten to twenty years. With intent guidance, it perhaps took a year or two.

After wasting a lot of time and energy on a Black Metal Sutra, many geniuses eventually chose Heaven-level Godfiend techniques when they realized that there was no hope. If one cultivated a Heaven-level Godfiend technique to a profound level, it was not much weaker than a Black Metal Sutra.

Thus, that begged the question. What should he choose?

Meng Chuan had a great affinity with the Heart Intent Saber Art. If he had cultivated the Lightning Devastator Saber or the World Roving Dragon Saber, he would’ve probably spent six years comprehending Saber Intent. The Heart Saber Stance was just too suitable for Meng Chuan.

Back at Eastcalm Prefecture, he cleaved apart eight thousand flying arrows every day, and now, he did the same with wind blades. With all these similarities, his accumulated experience was what helped him with his swift mastery of the Heart Saber Stance.

With his hundred-foot perception domain, he could sense each of his strikes clearly. He understood his flaws and where he could improve; thus, his cultivation efficiency was high.

Hence, he had achieved Saber Intent and grasped Heart Intent Saber’s fundamental move—Heart Saber Stance—within a year.

In fact, most Godfiends only mastered a few of a Black Metal Sutra legacy’s moves. For example, King Calm Sea’s fifth son—Xue Feng—had mastered three moves. Jiang State’s Xiao Yunyue had mastered only one move. This was because they had limited time, and their cultivation realm wasn’t high. Typically, Godfiends would’ve mastered one Black Metal Sutra move once they became a Darkstar Godfiend.

As long as he trained one move to unimaginable heights, he could rule the world!

A peerless mortal genius—who had comprehended Saber Intent—could fight a first Firmament demon monarch. A peerless mortal genius—who mastered a Black Metal Sutra move—could kill a first Firmament demon monarch easily.

The Heart Saber Stance’s Saber Intent? Meng Chuan stretched out his palm, and an illusory saber appeared. Saber Force condenses into Saber Intent. Saber Intent is corporeal and visible to the naked eye.

The illusory saber that appeared on his palm was black and white. It was extremely sharp.

To achieve Saber Intent, Saber Force had to undergo a qualitative change. Even if an expert at the Realm of Force wished to become a Godfiend, many obstacles would hinder them.

The Realm of Intent typically corresponded to Indestructible Godfiends. For example, those who cultivated low and middle-grade Godfiend bodies could easily become Indestructible Godfiends if they had reached the Realm of Intent.

The requirements for high and transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies were naturally more stringent.

However, one was destined to become a Godfiend if they reached the Realm of Intent.

If I were back in my hometown, I would still be slashing at the arrows constantly. If I didn’t have the Heart Intent Saber manual, who knows when I would’ve comprehended Saber Intent. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

On Archean Mountain, he could choose a suitable Black Metal Sutra freely. Where else could one enjoy such benefits?

I’ve attained Saber Intent. I’m not far from becoming a Godfiend! Meng Chuan smiled. Time to find Qiyue. I promised to show her my Saber Intent.

...

At Bright Scenic Peak.

“Junior Sister, Junior Sister!” A yellow-robed man shouted from outside Liu Qiyue’s cave abode.

The servants at the door blocked the yellow-robed man. Without the cave abode owner’s permission, people were forbidden from trespassing. Liu Qiyue was able to enter Meng Chuan’s cave abode easily because Meng Chuan had already instructed his servants to allow her in.

“Senior Brother Qian?” Liu Qiyue went to her cave abode entrance in puzzlement. “Senior Brother, please come in.”

After all, he was her senior brother. She couldn’t keep him outside.

“Senior Brother, why are you here?” asked Liu Qiyue.

The yellow-robed man smiled as he looked around the cave abode. “Junior Sister, you’ve decorated your place rather elegantly.”

Liu Qiyue smiled. “Senior Brother, why are you here?” she asked again.

“Isn’t Master going to test our archery tonight?” said the yellow-robed man with a smile. “That’s why I’m here to compete with you in archery.”

“Senior Brother, you’re already an Indestructible Godfiend. I’m still a mortal, and I barely managed to comprehend Force. I haven’t even reached the Realm of Intent. How can I compete with you?” Liu Qiyue shook her head. She was a disciple of Marquis Heavenstar. Several sharpshooters on Archean Mountain were Marquis Heavenstar’s disciples. Senior Brother Qian Yu was also one of his disciples.

“Haha. Junior Sister, you have awakened your phoenix bloodline, so your archery is naturally extraordinary.” Qian Yu laughed. “I’ve been on the mountain for ten years. I believe I can guide you. By helping each other, our archery skills can improve faster.”

Liu Qiyue shook her head gently. “There’s no need.”

Qian Yu was stunned.

“Senior Brother, forgive me. I have a strange quirk,” said Liu Qiyue with a chuckle. “I like silence and loneliness. I don’t like others coming to my cave abode. Senior Brother, please forgive me.”

Qian Yu’s expression changed slightly. She didn’t like others coming to her cave abode? Was she chasing him away?

“Qiyue, Qiyue.” Meng Chuan walked in with a face full of joy. The stewards at the door didn’t stop him. They even greeted him respectfully, “Lord Meng Chuan.”

They didn’t stop him? Qian Yu’s expression changed slightly.

He knew that Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan were childhood sweethearts, but to be unobstructed when entering her cave abode meant that they weren’t just close!

Meng Chuan could enter without permission even if she was asleep? Just how close are they?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 - At a Tremendous Pace
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue revealed a look of delight.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan walked over and glanced at Qian Yu. “This is?”

Qian Yu smiled and said, “My name is Qian Yu. We met at the Grotto-Heaven Pavilion lecture. We’ve also met at the Dao Exchange before. It’s just that we’ve never spoken to one another.”

At the Dao Exchange, disciples—who had not become Godfiends—gathered in one area. Godfiend disciples gathered elsewhere. Naturally, they had never spoken.

“Senior Brother Qian,” greeted Meng Chuan with a smile.

“Junior Brother, you ranked first in last year’s entrance examination?” asked Qian Yu with a smile. “As your senior brother, I’ll tell you that only one or two new disciples can cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend body every year. Successfully cultivating a transcendent-grade Godfiend body depends on fate. If you find the cultivation difficult, you should give up early. Master also said that cultivation time is precious, so you can’t afford to waste it. If you spend five years cultivating a transcendent-grade Godfiend body without any success, that would be a huge loss.”

“Thank you for your guidance. My cultivation of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body has been quite smooth,” said Meng Chuan.

“Oh?” Qian Yu nodded with a smile. “There are over 200 disciples who have yet to leave the mountain. Two of them successfully cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. One is Senior Brother Zhang Tai—who became a Godfiend at the Seventh Refinement—while the other is Junior Brother Hou Cang—he’s at the Seventh Refinement.

“The latter has already spent seven years trying to reach the Eight Refinement before the ten-year deadline. Only these two succeeded. Junior Brother Meng, this transcendent-grade Godfiend body is far more difficult than you realize. The further you go, the more difficult it will become. Sometimes, you need to give up when you should.

“Alright, I’ve said too much. It is ultimately your choice.” Qian Yu smiled at Meng Chuan before looking at Liu Qiyue. “Junior Sister Liu, I won’t be disturbing you any further.”

With that said, Qian Yu left the cave abode.

“Senior Brother, take care,” said Meng Chuan politely.

“Senior Brother, take care,” added Liu Qiyue.

Upon hearing the duo echoing each other’s words, Qian Yu left even quicker. When his back was turned towards them, his expression became ugly.

She likes silence and loneliness? She doesn’t like others to come to her cave abode? Lies! This Meng Chuan can enter as he pleases. Qian Yu was somewhat infuriated. My family even asked me to try and marry Liu Qiyue? What hope can there be?

There were many male Archean Mountain Godfiends that wanted to marry female Godfiends. After all, two powerful Godfiends could birth extraordinary children.

As for marrying Liu Qiyue—who had awakened her phoenix bloodline—it would be equivalent to adding the phoenix bloodline to the family. At Archean Mountain, disciples mostly spent their time cultivating, but there were quite a few who pursued Liu Qiyue.

“Another one came to visit?” Meng Chuan watched as the other party left. He could clearly sense how ugly Qian Yu’s expression was when he left through his perception domain. He couldn’t help but laugh. “So, what’s his queue number?”

“He’s the third person who came to my cave abode,” said Liu Qiyue helplessly. “How irritating. My dad is right! Once I awaken a phoenix bloodline, many ancient family clans will send their descendants to pester me.

“Let’s not talk about this anymore.” Liu Qiyue then looked at Meng Chuan curiously. “Ah Chuan, don’t you practice your saber art for seven hours every morning? Why are you back so early today?”

Meng Chuan whispered, “I’ve achieved Saber Intent.”

Liu Qiyue revealed a look of delight. “You’ve achieved it?”

“I’ve also mastered a move from a Black Metal Sutra legacy,” Meng Chuan added.

Liu Qiyue’s eyes widened, completely stunned.

It was common for Archean Mountain inner sect disciples to reach the Realm of Intent. Many of these inner sect disciples would eventually choose Heaven-level Godfiend legacies with intent guidance. With intent guidance, they would typically reach the Realm of Intent after a few years.

However, there were very few people who could comprehend Intent with a Black Metal Sutra legacy. After all, they could only master a Black Metal Sutra legacy through the text and diagrams in its manual if they didn’t have a strong Essence Soul. It was even harder than cultivating a transcendent-grade Godfiend body successfully.

“Which Black Metal Sutra move?” Liu Qiyue suppressed her shock and asked immediately.

“The Heart Intent Saber Art’s first stance,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “It’s also the core of the saber art.”

“Show it to me,” Liu Qiyue urged immediately. “I’ve never seen anyone use a Black Metal Sutra move yet.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Come out with me.”

He walked out, and Liu Qiyue followed immediately.

Meng Chuan walked out of the cave abode and looked up the mountain. Soon, he chose a towering mountain cliff. He walked to the mountain cliff and said, “Watch carefully.”

Liu Qiyue looked carefully.

Instantly, his strength and Quintessential Essence fused—guided by his Saber Intent. Without any warning, he drew his saber!

The saber beam was hard to see as it flew towards the mountain cliff. It was unimaginably fast. A deep rumble sounded the moment the saber beam struck the cliff.

“What fast speed.” Liu Qiyue was a sharpshooter. She was used to seeing high-speed arrows. However, the speed of Meng Chuan’s strike surprised her. She looked at the cliff. “This cliff...?”

The cliff was still intact.

Whoosh!

Following that, the mountain cliff—that was over 100 feet tall—disintegrated, and the dust floated down. Clearly, it had been reduced to dust by the Yin-Yang Blast.

“This might!” Liu Qiyue was dumbfounded. “Is this the might of a move from a Black Metal Sutra?”

Meng Chuan thought to himself. This is only part of the Heart Saber Stance’s might. The Heart Saber Stance is also famed for its continuous stream of attacks. Delivering one strike after another normally takes time. However, the Heart Saber Stance can form an infinite combo with almost no delay between each strike. A single saber beam—which is meant to hit only a single wind blade—would sometimes cleave apart ten wind blades when they attack simultaneously. This shows how fast I can draw my saber.

If he were to attack crazily, the enemy would have to dodge left and right. They might be able to withstand a handful of strikes, but would eventually be overwhelmed. Furthermore, the Yin-Yang blasts would injure them. How long could they last?

Of course, every move of a Black Metal Sutra legacy was extraordinary. It was why many Godfiends wanted to master them.

“Ah Chuan, you’ve already mastered a move from a Black Metal Sutra legacy. If you cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend body successfully,” Liu Qiyue’s excitement grew, “you will be the third person—among 200 plus disciples who haven’t left the mountain—to master a transcendent-grade Godfiend body and a Black Metal Sutra move.”

“I also hope I can, but it’s not easy to cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Furthermore, he wanted to reach the Ninth Refinement. Usually, those who cultivated this Godfiend body stopped at the Seventh Refinement. The Eighth Refinement was rare, and the Ninth Refinement was nigh-legendary.

Meng Chuan had sworn to kill all demons in the world, so the stronger he was, the better. If he was weak, he would not be able to fulfill his vow!

...

After pausing his Godfiend body cultivation for over five months, Meng Chuan visited the Molten Iron Baneful Aura Pool again. This time, he was sent to Chamber 2.

Black baneful aura constantly passed through the pipes, filling the fifty-by-fifty foot chamber.

When the baneful aura touched him, it seeped into his body and began to affect his mind. However, Meng Chuan used the Power of Essence Soul to neutralize all negative effects, allowing him to stay conscious.

Only when one’s mind was clear could they unleash their strength fully. This was how he achieved maximum efficiency when he was tempering his body with baneful aura.

When Meng Chuan used his Saber Intent as he executed the body-tempering saber art, more strength erupted from his body with every move.

His body was still the same, so why could he unleash strength several-fold greater after he achieved Saber Intent? Well, that was because he had more control over his body than before. He was able to stimulate his body at a rate ten times higher than before. With this, every single particle in his muscles seemed to come alive. All of them crazily absorbed the Molten Iron baneful aura! His absorption speed was much faster than before.

Back when he used Saber Force to control his body, the Molten Iron baneful aura would seep into his body, but most of it would disappear! Since most of it disappeared, he absorbed very little.

However, his baneful aura absorption speed was much faster now. It was even faster than when he used the Power of Essence Soul with his Saber Force.

After an hour, Meng Chuan felt a faint stabbing pain in his body. He could no longer absorb the Molten Iron baneful aura. His body was “satiated,” and he needed to “digest” the baneful aura now. The baneful aura were nutrients, and only after his body completely digested the nutrients, could his body become hungry again. Then, he could go another round of absorption.

This body-refinement speed is much greater than before. Meng Chuan was filled with joy as he left the chamber.

He tempered his body every day. With Saber Intent controlling his body, and the Power of Essence Soul maintaining his consciousness, he cultivated much faster.

In just three days, he completed the Fifth Refinement. He spent sixteen more days to complete the Sixth Refinement.

Meng Chuan began the Seventh Refinement.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 - Seventh Refinement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One of the C-rank chambers in the Dark Baneful Aura cave at Myriad Wither Peak.

“Lord Meng Chuan, please,” said a steward respectfully as he pushed open the stone door.

Meng Chuan nodded and entered the Dark Baneful Aura Cave.

The Dark Baneful Aura Cave required fifty credits every two hours. This was because the Dark baneful aura was rare. It was useful for many Godfiends. If one cultivated in an A-rank chamber, they would need 5000 credits for two hours. However, the baneful aura density in an A-rank chamber was far beyond what a mortal could withstand.

Even in the C-rank chamber, many geniuses’ minds would turn into a mess when the baneful aura attacked their minds.

It’s really cold. Meng Chuan entered the chamber and closed the door. A faint black fog—the Dark baneful aura—filled the chamber. A cup of hot water would turn to ice before it could hit the ground.

As for Meng Chuan—after six body-refinements—he could withstand the cold aura.

The baneful aura surged into his body, rushing into his mind and sea of consciousness.

His Power of Essence Soul protected the sea of consciousness, preventing the baneful aura from succeeding. He remained completely lucid!

Time to begin. Meng Chuan used the corresponding body-tempering saber art once again. Every baneful aura had a corresponding body-tempering saber art. Under the guidance of Saber Intent, he activated his strength and allowed his body to absorb the Dark baneful aura.

However, when it came to the Seventh Refinement, the absorption speed was much slower. Thankfully, he was able to maintain clarity of mind! This was an advantage Meng Chuan had compared to other disciples.

He repeatedly executed the body-tempering saber art.

After ten minutes, Meng Chuan stopped.

I’ve mastered it? Meng Chuan smiled. His entire body was infused with the Dark baneful aura, and it had completely changed his body! Every refinement changed the body, and everything culminated during the Life-and-Death juncture so one could attain the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

Meng Chuan stretched out his finger. A grayish-white baneful aura appeared on his fingertip. This was the baneful aura that had been formed after the Seventh Refinement.

The Seventh Refinement took me 53 days. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. This speed is considered extremely fast according to the books.

After reaching the Seventh Refinement, I can direct heavenly lightning at myself and attempt the Life-and-Death juncture. However, the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body that I’ll obtain will only be a lesser one. Meng Chuan wasn’t satisfied. Although the lesser Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s speed was still superior to other Godfiend bodies, all other aspects—including his Quintessential Essence purity, the lightning in his body, and the might of the baneful aura—would be much weaker than someone with a Ninth Refinement Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

I need to complete the Ninth Refinement. According to my estimates, my efficiency at the Eighth Refinement will continue to decrease. I might not even be able to master it.

His cultivation efficiency was very high. He cultivated very quickly, and his body had undergone short periods of baneful aura corruption. Therefore, he wasn’t in any danger of his body collapsing.

However, the baneful auras required for the Eighth and Ninth Refinement were terrifying.

The Eighth Refinement—Golden Crow baneful aura. It’s ranked in the top three in the world when it comes to destruction. It’s domineering and violent, and it’s extremely damaging to the body. I need to be supported by external forces while tempering my body. The cultivation process is extremely painful. Meng Chuan frowned slightly. Golden Crow baneful aura was very precious. Archean Mountain sold it to inner sect disciples by the bottle. A small bottle of Golden Crow baneful aura—the size of a palm—required 100 credits! The Eighth Refinement required 120 bottles.

The Ninth Refinement requires Six Desires baneful aura. It is one of the most mysterious baneful auras. It’s bizarre and abnormal. It constantly fuses with the body and the soul. If the Power of Essence Soul blocks it, the soul wouldn’t be able to absorb it. Meng Chuan knew the difficulty of the Ninth Refinement. I can’t rely on the Power of Essence Soul. I need to train my will.

One needed a will capable of reaching the Darkness Altar summit if they wanted to become a Great Solar Godfiend. To absorb the Six Desires baneful aura successfully, one’s willpower needed to be several times higher! It was unimaginable.

Six Desires baneful aura was also very precious.

A tiny bottle of Six Desires baneful aura cost 3000 credits! It was far more precious than the Golden Crow baneful aura. A total of 90 bottles were needed to complete the Ninth Refinement. In total, that cost 270,000 credits!

Thankfully, they could be collected for free under special conditions.

For example, a mortal disciple who cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body to the Eighth Refinement could receive the Six Desires baneful aura for free. However, every time they collected a free bottle, a senior from Archean Mountain had to check if the previous bottle’s baneful aura had been completely refined.

...

Meng Chuan knew that the Eighth and Ninth refinement were extremely difficult. However, once he succeeded, his strength would be much greater in the future. To suffer now would better his chances of slaying demon monarchs in the future. It was a sacrifice he was willing to make.

Whoosh.

After leaving Myriad Wither Peak, Meng Chuan used his movement technique to head to his cave abode.

“Oh?” Marquis Heavenstar—who had just walked out of a bloodlust cave—saw Meng Chuan passing through a mountain path from afar.

The handsome Marquis Heavenstar had a fiery mark between his brows. He was one of the rare Marquis Godfiends who were skilled at archery. In terms of archery skills, he was ranked in the top five among all Godfiends in the world. As a sharpshooter, he also honed his eyesight! When he channeled energy into his eyes, he could see the baneful aura that had fused with Meng Chuan’s body.

He has fused with Dark baneful aura perfectly, and completed the Seventh Refinement? Marquis Heavenstar was extremely surprised. This Meng Chuan is childhood friends with my disciple, Liu Qiyue. He must have entered Archean Mountain last year. It’s only been half a year, and he has already reached the Seventh Refinement?

The Seventh Refinement was the threshold for one to attain the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. Once one completed the Seventh Refinement, they could forge the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. All experts with Lightning Devastator Fiend Bodies were extremely fast, and they played a huge role in battles.

He just left Myriad Wither Peak, so he should have ended his baneful aura refinement. Marquis Heavenstar came to a realization. As for the Eighth and Ninth Refinement, he requires the Golden Crow and Six Desires baneful auras. There’s no need for him to come to Myriad Wither Peak anymore. Therefore, he just succeeded in the Seventh Refinement today? Yes, I have to inform Mountain Lord immediately.

Swoosh.

Marquis Heavenstar disappeared in a flash.

...

Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

A long-haired man leisurely drank his tea in a pavilion when the purple-robed Mountain Lord walked over.

“Supremacy,” Archean Mountain Lord greeted.

“Wenyou, why are you here?” The long-haired man smiled.

Archean Mountain Lord immediately said, “Supremacy, Marquis Heavenstar informed me that Meng Chuan has already completed the Seventh Refinement for the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. He’s confirmed it with his eyes.

“Oh? I wasn’t aware,” said the long-haired man with a smile. “Since Marquis Heavenstar confirmed it, it should be true. By the way, I didn’t tell you something.”

Archean Mountain Lord looked at the long-haired man in puzzlement.

“Two months ago, Meng Chuan achieved Saber Intent and mastered a Heart Intent Saber move. I’ve been expecting him to reach the Seventh Refinement realm quickly. Indeed, he hasn’t disappointed me.”

“What? He has mastered a Black Metal Sutra move?” Archean Mountain Lord was even more excited. A transcendent-grade Godfiend body and a Black Metal Sutra move meant that Archean Mountain had another powerful Godfiend!

“The Black Metal Sutra legacies can’t be inherited via intent by those without strong Essence Souls. How did he master a move so quickly?” Archean Mountain Lord found it unbelievable.

“The Heart Intent Saber suits him very well.”

“Which move did he master?” asked Archean Mountain Lord.

“The first move—Heart Saber Stance.”

Archean Mountain Lord was even more delighted as he nodded repeatedly. “Good, good. The Heart Saber Stance is the core of Heart Intent Saber! It’s the fundamental move and also the strongest move. To condense Saber Intent with this move is excellent. Brilliant!”

“Alright, you are the mountain lord. Why must you be so excited over a disciple who only mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body and a Black Metal Sutra move?”

“I’m naturally happy to see the addition of a powerful Godfiend.”

The long-haired man had mixed feelings. He said, “I’ve seen many powerful Godfiends with extraordinary talent. They rise to prominence for a short while, but they all fall one after another as time passes. In the past eight centuries, there have been far too many Godfiends that failed to live up to their potential.”

The Supremacy wasn’t too thrilled about Meng Chuan’s achievements. Meng Chuan had condensed an Essence Soul as a mortal, mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend and a Black Metal Sutra move. Yet, the Supremacy only felt mixed emotions. He had seen many similar peerless geniuses rise in the past.

“As long as powerful Godfiends continuously appear, we will definitely be able to defeat the demons,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

“That day will come.” The long-haired man’s eyes had a glint of fierceness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 - Cultivation in Pain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The bathing pool in Meng Chuan’s cave abode.

“Lord, the water has already been heated up,” said Steward Liu respectfully.

“Remember, keep it hot. Don’t let the water turn cold,” instructed Meng Chuan. “Alright, you can leave.”

“Yes.” Steward Liu retreated.

The bathing pool was above a hypocaust. There were servants in the hypocaust that burned the firewood to maintain the water temperature.

Meng Chuan picked up a yellow gourd and pulled off its stopper. He poured a large amount of mixed powder into the bathtub. It was a medicinal herb that had been grounded and mixed up long ago. It was used as an aid for his Eighth Refinement. After emptying the gourd, the pool’s clear water immediately turned light green. He then took out three jade bottles and poured out a pill from each. He crushed the pills and scattered the remains in the water.

Thankfully, these medicinal herbs and pills can be exchanged at Archean Mountain. If I were to gather them myself, I would have a headache. Meng Chuan smiled as he put away the items.

Following that, he took out a black bottle. The bottle contained the Golden Crow baneful aura! Meng Chuan stared at it before gently removing the stopper. He took a deep breath and used his Quintessential Essence to draw the baneful aura inside out. The golden-white baneful aura flew out and entered his nose.

After absorbing two streams of baneful auras, Meng Chuan immediately placed the stopper back on the black bottle.

He executed the complementary body-tempering saber art on the spot. Using his Saber Intent, he guided his body into absorbing the baneful aura. He found his body burning up from within. Even his head was scalding hot. The Power of Essence Soul maintained his consciousness as he constantly executed the body-tempering saber art. Finally, the two wisps of Golden Crow baneful auras were absorbed by his body, and the scalding heat inside his body turned milder.

I haven’t reached my limit. I can continue refining the baneful aura. Meng Chuan picked up the black bottle and removed the stopper again. Another two streams of golden-white baneful auras entered his body through his nostrils.

By the time he finished absorbing all the Golden Crow baneful aura within the bottle, Meng Chuan still hadn’t reached his limit. However, he didn’t dare continue.

It’s already enough to refine a bottle of Golden Crow baneful aura each time. If I absorb too much, my body probably won’t be able to withstand it.

He immediately took off his clothes and entered the bathing pool.

As Meng Chuan sat against a stone wall, the scalding herbal bath’s medicinal essence seeped into his body. It entered his bones and muscles, gradually stirring the Golden Crow baneful aura he had absorbed, catalyzing its fusion with his body.

After he absorbed the raging Golden Crow baneful aura, it began damaging his body. However, the micro-structures within his body were instantly destroyed before they could even transmit the pain. A bottle of Golden Crow baneful aura only had nine streams worth of baneful aura. According to the manual, absorbing the baneful aura all at once would only cause heavy injuries to somebody who had completed the Seventh Refinement. Death wasn’t possible.

If he absorbed too much, his body would really collapse. The medicinal effects of the bathtub seeped into his body, nourishing the damaged areas. One caused damage while the other restored him.

Meng Chuan felt like countless ants drilled into his bone marrow and flesh. The pain caused his body to spasm uncontrollably. His skin flushed red, and his veins protruded. The pain overwhelmed him instantly. His eyes were red as he grabbed a towel—that he had prepared earlier—and stuffed it into his mouth.

He bit the towel and let out a painful groan.

Bear with it. Bear with it . It’s only pain. It’s nothing life-threatening.

If he didn’t have the medicinal bath to aid his cultivation, most of his body would be injured. Even if he didn’t feel much pain, how was he to treat them? Archean Mountain would have to pay a great price to heal him, and it would take him half a year to recover completely. It was stupid to waste half a year absorbing a bottle of Golden Crow baneful aura. The Eighth Refinement required a total of 120 bottles of Golden Crow baneful aura. He couldn’t spend sixty years on the Eighth Refinement.

The only way to cultivate the Eighth Refinement was to use a herbal bath. Although it was extremely painful, it minimized the damage. Furthermore, it constantly healed him, allowing him to be full of vigor the next day.

Bear with it. Bear with it. Meng Chuan bit the towel and gripped the bathtub walls with both hands. His fingers left marks on the stone wall; blood flowed from his shattered fingernails into the pool.

He recalled the scenes of demons invading Eastcalm Prefecture. Scenes of parents using their lives to protect their children, only to end up slaughtered. In order to protect the family clan’s juniors, Third Elder stood in between them and the demons, only to be killed by the demons. Facing the demons, the entire Blazing Sun Dao Academy was on the verge of collapse.

Only strength!

Only if he had strength could he kill demons and save people.

I want to become stronger!

What’s this bit of pain? Rather than being helpless and regretful when the time comes, I’d rather suffer more while on Archean Mountain. I want to become stronger! The stronger I become, the better! Pain? Come on, let the pain strike harder! Meng Chuan’s eyes were burning with madness. He bit the towel, and blood appeared on the towel.

...

At night, Marquis Heavenstar was teaching.

Liu Qiyue and six other disciples listened carefully.

“Bai Yi, Fu Chang, Qian Yu,” shouted the Marquis Heavenstar coldly. “The three of you aren’t far from passing the Nine Mystical Caves. Once that happens, you’ll leave the mountain and enter the battlefield! I see that the three of you have spent too much time on Archean Mountain. It’s too comfortable and peaceful. You are satisfied with your meager improvements. You don’t feel the urgency to become stronger!”

The three Godfiend disciples trembled when they heard this.

“I focus on cultivating in private,” Bai Yi immediately said.

“Me too,” Fu Chang and Qian Yu said.

“Is that so? From what I know, you are more interested in befriending others. You show off your archery skills at the Dao Exchanges. You also invite a number of Godfiend disciples to your respective cave abodes every other day,” said Marquis Heavenstar.

Fu Chang said respectfully, “Master, we will likely leave the mountain within a year. After we leave the mountain, we will fight alongside other Godfiends. Therefore, we are trying to familiarize ourselves with others in advance. It will be easier for us to work together in the future.”

“You are even talking back?” Marquis Heavenstar said coldly, “Do you know how many Godfiends are fighting elsewhere while you cultivate on Archean Mountain peacefully!? Even twenty-year-old mortals are risking their lives in the military. Yet, you are beginning to indulge yourself on the mountain. Don’t you feel ashamed?”

The three disciples didn’t dare say a word. They had only recently begun to indulge themselves. After all, it was extremely difficult for them to increase their strength when they were close to leaving the mountain. Instead, they began to befriend everyone with their statuses as Godfiend sharpshooters. Their strength was ranked among the top among the disciples that remained on the mountain. If they invited other disciples, they would feel flattered and be more than willing to attend.

After all, others were willing to befriend powerful sharpshooters.

“There’s a new disciple named Meng Chuan,” said Marquis Heavenstar.

Liu Qiyue perked up.

The other five Godfiend disciples listened obediently.

Marquis Heavenstar continued, “He has already reached the Seventh Refinement of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, and can be considered as mastering a transcendent-grade Godfiend body. Furthermore, he has also mastered a move from a Black Metal Sutra legacy. Among the two hundred plus disciples present, apart from Xue Feng and Xiao Yunyue, he is the third to attain this feat. Yet, he has never flaunted himself. He didn’t indulge in such affairs, and instead chose to reach the Eighth Refinement.”

“What?” Bai Yi, Qian Yu, and the other Godfiend disciples were alarmed.

He mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body and a Black Metal Sutra move? They hadn’t about his achievements. There had been no news.

However, Marquis Heavenstar continued, “He practices his saber art eight hours a day. The Eighth Refinement is extremely painful, but he continued doing it every day.”

“Don’t you feel ashamed when compared to him? You are flaunting yourselves with your meager archery skills. He has only been on the mountain for over half a year, but he hasn’t even flaunted his transcendent-grade Godfiend body or the Black Metal Sutra move. Yet, you show off your archery skills like they are something impressive? You even host banquets every other day? While you’re doing so, others are becoming stronger!”

The Godfiend disciples lowered their heads and listened obediently. On the other hand, Liu Qiyue felt proud.

“Every bit of strength you raise now might mean killing an additional demon monarch, saving a Godfiend companion, or even saving yourself on the battlefield!” said Marquis Heavenstar angrily. “On the battlefield, it’s useless befriending all these people. The things that are useful are the arrows in your hands! You are sharpshooters, Godfiends! Don’t embarrass me!”

“Yes.” They didn’t dare to make another sound.

...

After the lesson ended, Liu Qiyue rushed back to Bright Scenic Peak excitedly.

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue wanted to share what her master, Marquis Heavenstar, had said today.

“My lord is undergoing a herbal bath,” said Steward Liu respectfully.

“Herbal bath?” Liu Qiyue nodded slightly. She silently walked to the bathing room and gently cracked open the door. She looked in. Back at Mirror Lake Meng Manor, Meng Chuan often took herbal baths. She had long gotten used to it.

At a glance, the smile on her face disappeared as she stared blankly.

Meng Chuan was biting on a towel and grabbing the stone walls beside him with both hands. His fingernails were shattered and covered in blood. His body trembled as he stared at the pool in front of him. Suddenly, he raised his head and forced out a smile, but his smile became a grimace.

“Ah Chuan, continue your cultivation.” Liu Qiyue closed the door immediately, but her face was somewhat pale.

She was concerned about Meng Chuan, so she had read some introductions regarding the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s cultivation. She knew that the Eighth Refinement process would be very painful, but she had never seen it with her own eyes. Now that she had seen it with her own eyes, she realized the pain Meng Chuan was experiencing.

At that moment, Liu Qiyue only hated herself for being powerless. She couldn’t help Ah Chuan relieve the pain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 - Lets Walk Alongside Each Other for the Rest of Our Lives
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Qiyue saw it; she’ll probably be worried. This thought surfaced in Meng Chuan’s mind, but the pain from the baneful aura drilling into his entire body made him unable to divert his attention.

He couldn’t help but let out a low grunt. He bit the towel in his mouth tightly as he endured the pain.

Compared to death and despair, what’s this bit of pain worth? Come on, come on.

This will only make me stronger! Many scenes flashed through Meng Chuan’s mind. They were scenes that were in “Facing the Morning Sun.” Those despairing scenes—as well as the scenes of people fighting desperately—empowered his determination. In the face of such a cruel war, how could the pain from cultivating compare? If he couldn’t even withstand it, his oath to slay all demons in the world would be nothing but empty words.

The difficulty of slaying all the demons in the world could be described as a mountain that towered above the clouds. The torment from his cultivation was nothing more than a tiny mound.

Now, he needed to flatten the small mound first!

His will was constantly tempered by the excruciating pain. A precious sword needed to be tempered; likewise for his will. It was like a saber that was sharpened constantly, making it sharper.

It was unknown how much time had passed, but the pain his body finally subsided like the tide. Previously, he felt like he was in hell, but with the pain gone, he felt light and ethereal. He felt comfort, extreme comfort. Meng Chuan understood that this was all an illusion. He had gotten used to the pain and torture after experiencing it for a long time. Now that the pain was gone, he felt extremely comfortable.

Today’s Godfiend body cultivation has ended. Meng Chuan stood up from the bathtub. Quintessential Essence circulated around his body, and the water slid off his body. Following that, he simply put on his robes and walked out with a bounce in his step.

Creak.

He opened the wooden door and saw Liu Qiyue walking over. Liu Qiyue smiled and said, “Ah Chuan, you must be hungry. I just made some food for you.”

Meng Chuan’s heart warmed. He knew Qiyue treated him really well. If he could spend the rest of his life with Qiyue in the future... how wonderful it would be. However, he and Qiyue had to cultivate diligently. Archean Mountain had high expectations for her, considering how she had awakened a phoenix bloodline.

Neither of them could slack off.

“I’m really hungry,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. The two of them came to the dining table, where two bowls of rice porridge and some other dishes were placed.

After Meng Chuan sat down, he immediately had a large mouthful of porridge and found his stomach warm. He nodded. “I don’t usually find porridge this delicious.”

“Then, I’ll make you some porridge after you’re done cultivating every night.” Liu Qiyue was also eating the porridge when she couldn’t help but ask, “Ah Chuan, are you in such pain when cultivating every night?”

Meng Chuan smiled and said, “How can it be easy to master a transcendent-grade Godfiend body? Suffering now to become stronger in the future is something I can bear with.”

“It’s been five days since you’ve completed the Seven Refinement, right?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“Yes, the fifth day.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“You refine baneful aura every day?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“With the help of the medicinal bath, my body will have completely recovered the next day. Of course, I have to cultivate every day,” said Meng Chuan. “I have to make use of my cultivation time.”

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but say, “But the Eighth Refinement seems to be very painful. I asked Steward Liu. It takes four hours. Four hours of pain and torture... I don’t think your mind can take it if you experience such torture every day. My master once said that the mind has its limits. Exceeding it can break one’s mind! I think it’s better for you to cultivate every other day and take breaks in between.”

“Haha,” Meng Chuan laughed. “Qiyue, this is just the Eighth Refinement. The Ninth Refinement requires the Six Desires baneful aura. It’s much more demanding on my will. I’m trying to master the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s Ninth Refinement. The Eighth Refinement happens to temper my will through pain.

“Although I’ll be tired, I still have to persevere. My will is strengthened every time I do this. This is a rare opportunity to temper my will,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Why would I take breaks in between my cultivation? By lessening the pressure, the tempering effect will weaken.”

“Tempering?” Liu Qiyue was stunned.

She had never expected such a thing. She believed that pain and torture meant hardship; yet, Ah Chuan treated it as another form of cultivation—his willpower cultivation! He was preparing for the Ninth Refinement.

“This is the fifth day after I began the Eight Refinement. It will last 120 days,” said Meng Chuan. “I believe that after 120 days, my willpower will have improved tremendously. If I can reach the willpower requirements to withstand the Six Desires baneful aura through this, that will be great. However, I estimate that the Six Desires baneful aura has high requirements for willpower. It won’t be that easy.”

“Ah Chuan, you’re already very impressive,” Liu Qiyue consoled him. “You haven’t been on Archean Mountain for a year, and you’ve already mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend body and a Black Metal Sutra move.”

“I haven’t mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend body,” said Meng Chuan.

“Once you reach the Seventh Refinement, you will be able to attain a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body at any time,” said Liu Qiyue. “Your cultivation speed is extremely astonishing since you’ve entered the sect. You are faster than Xue Feng and Xiao Yunyue. There’s no need for you to go all out.”

Meng Chuan turned his head and looked through the window. The night was hazy, and a crescent moon hung in the sky.

“Qiyue,” said Meng Chuan. “My cultivation is never about competing with others. I don’t even care about Xue Feng or Xiao Yunyue. What’s on my mind are the powerful Godfiends who have left their names in history! I want to catch up to them and even surpass them. Only by matching and exceeding these powerful Godfiends, will I slay all the demons in the world.”

Liu Qiyue listened dazedly. She had never heard Meng Chuan mention such thoughts before.

“Slay all the demons in the world?” Liu Qiyue muttered. She was somewhat shocked. It was the dream of all human Godfiends in the past 800 years, but no one could do it.

“It sounds a little silly,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “I know I’m overestimating myself. Even Master and the other existences—who have surpassed Regis Godfiends—can’t accomplish it. They are still suppressed by the demons. More and more demons have come to kill humans. All the city passes have had human Godfiends die in battle, but I will continue striving towards this goal.

“Even if I can’t slay all the demons in the world, I’ll do my best to kill as many as I can,” Meng Chuan said. “As long as I’ve tried my best, I won’t have any regrets even if I die in battle.”

Liu Qiyue held Meng Chuan’s hand, and solemnly said, “I will accompany you.”

“Let’s walk alongside each other for the rest of our lives.” Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue. “Either we kill all the demons in the world and bring peace to the world, or we die in battle.”

Liu Qiyue blushed slightly, but she still nodded. “Let’s fight together.” Following that, Liu Qiyue laughed. “Does this mean you intend to marry me?”

Meng Chuan looked at her. “Do you agree?”

“When the demons invaded, I fought at Blazing Sun Castle. When I saw Blazing Sun Castle about to be breached by the demons and everyone was about to be killed,” Liu Qiyue looked at Meng Chuan, “I saw you, rushing over from afar. You spared no expense to save me. I knew then that... I would marry only you.”

Meng Chuan held Qiyue’s hand and whispered, “I swear that I will never let you down.”

“I trust you, Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue’s eyes were filled with happiness.

In this life, they would walk down this path together.

They would fight on the battlefield and fight to the death, slaying all demons.

While in life, we shared the same coverlet, and in death, we shall share the same cave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 - Another Years December
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

As days passed, Meng Chuan continued practicing his saber at Thousand Sabers Cavern every morning. Liu Qiyue also increased her cultivation time in the Earth Fire Lava Pond.

In the afternoon, Meng Chuan painted while Liu Qiyue watched from the side, and learned some calligraphy.

To Qiyue, painting was too difficult. She had an easier time with calligraphy. Every time the two raised their heads, they would smile when their gazes met.

Afterward, they would spar each other on Bright Scenic Peak. One moment, Liu Qiyue would be shooting arrows while Meng Chuan blocked them. The next moment, Meng Chuan was chasing after Liu Qiyue, who fled in panic.

The two no longer hid their relationship.

At the Dao Exchanges and Grotto-Heaven Pavilion lectures, the couple showed their intimacy. Many male Godfiends—who wanted to pursue Liu Qiyue—could only sigh helplessly.

...

Winter came as the landscape of withered leaves turned to snow. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue lived their lives happily.

Meng Chuan spent over four hours refining baneful aura in the herbal bath every night. Every day, he suffered torture from hell. It drained him mentally, but after enduring the pain, he would have Qiyue’s porridge awaiting him. It strengthened his resolve to withstand the pain and torture.

15 days, 30 days, 50 days, 80 days... Meng Chuan recorded the days he underwent the Eighth Refinement. Every time he finished a session, he felt a sense of accomplishment. He neared the Eighth Refinement’s completion.

Finally, the final day—the 120th day—of absorbing baneful aura arrived. Meng Chuan would complete the Eighth Refinement. Coincidentally, today was 23rd December. Today, new disciples entered Archean Mountain.

Archean Mountain, Yellow Reverence Peak, Blood Red Cliff.

The matriculation ceremony was in progress.

“...These images number a total of 15,283 Godfiends...” Archean Mountain Lord explained to the new disciples.

Beside him were Godfiends and senior disciples who had not become Godfiends. Meng Chuan was one of the senior disciples.

When he heard Mountain Lord’s introduction, he sighed inwardly. Last year, there were 15,271 Godfiends. In just a short year, 12 Archean Mountain Godfiends have died?

Including ordinary Godfiends, there were even more Godfiends who had died in the Great Zhou Dynasty—around sixty. In the entire world, roughly 200 Godfiends died a year. Most Godfiends died on the battlefield or died from severe injuries back in their hometowns. There were very few Godfiends who could live out their whole lifespan due to the never-ending battle with the demons.

The loss of so many Godfiends made it easy to imagine how intense the war against demons across the world was.

Humans were still able to maintain their prosperity. Many people in cities could drink and enjoy themselves and sustain their population because Godfiends—as well as mortal soldiers who had reached the Marrow Cleansing realm—constantly fought the demons. This forced demons—who infiltrated the human world— to either hide or flee after they carried out a slaughter!

I want to finish my cultivation quickly, leave the mountain, and kill demons . Meng Chuan sighed.

...

The same night.

The water temperature was rising. Meng Chuan still endured the pain. He used the pain to temper his will.

It was the last day.

120 days without any rest. It’s already the last day. Meng Chuan felt a sense of accomplishment. Although he had already set up a plan for himself, he knew how difficult it would be to last four hours every day for 120 days. Yet, he had managed it.

Meng Chuan didn’t bite a towel anymore. He only gripped the stone wall tightly. His body was completely red, and his veins protruded. Blood even seeped out from his skin surface.

The pain came from the deepest parts of his body. Even now, it was difficult for him to endure the pain. He held on thanks to his willpower.

The pain finally subsided. His body once again felt light and comfortable.

Meng Chuan knew that the Golden Crow baneful aura he had absorbed today had been completely refined. It no longer damaged his body.

Yes. He extended his finger and a wisp of black-gold baneful aura condensed on his fingertip. It held extreme destructive power. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. I’ve completed the Eighth Refinement.

Following that, he stood up and evaporated all the water on his body before putting on his robe and heading out.

Liu Qiyue smiled as she stood in the corridor. She looked at Meng Chuan. “Ah Chuan, congratulations on completing the Eighth Refinement.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan couldn’t hide his joy. “I’ve finally completed it.”

“It’s really not easy to complete the Eighth Refinement,” said Liu Qiyue. “The last time Archean Mountain had anyone cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body to the Eighth Refinement was 83 years ago. The last one to reach the Ninth Refinement was over 200 years ago. Ah Chuan, you have already mastered the Eighth Refinement. Furthermore, you still have a chance of reaching the Ninth Refinement.”

“The Ninth Refinement won’t be easy,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Let’s eat the porridge.”

“To celebrate your success with the Eighth Refinement today, I also prepared a few more dishes,” Liu Qiyue said in a mysterious manner.

The duo arrived in the dining hall. The table was indeed filled with a sumptuous spread.

The two sat down and ate.

Although Meng Chuan seemed to be eating happily, he actually recalled several matters.

“What’s wrong? What are you thinking about?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“Just now, you mentioned the Archean Mountain seniors—who had completed the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s Eighth and Ninth Refinement—were from 83 years ago and over 200 years ago respectively,” Meng Chuan said softly. “When I chose this Godfiend body, I carefully studied its history. The senior brother from 83 years ago was called Gao Cong, and he became a Great Solar Godfiend. The one from 200 years ago ended up as a Marquis Godfiend.”

“I know. It’s Marquis Sea Return,” said Liu Qiyue immediately.

Meng Chuan nodded. “Do you know how Marquis Sea Return died?”

Liu Qiyue was stunned and shook her head gently.

“I’ve investigated it carefully,” said Meng Chuan. “Gao Cong died at Nine Tunes Pass 36 years ago. Back then, the World Entrance at Nine Tunes Pass expanded, and over 30 third Firmament demon monarchs surged in. There were over 100 second Firmament demon monarchs. Nine Tunes Pass was directly breached, and seven Godfiends—including Gao Cong—died in battle. Nine Tunes Pass has now become a medium-sized city pass. It’s managed by Marquis Nine Tunes.”

Long ago, there were no demons in the human world. All battles were fights between humans.

However, many World Entrances appeared and connected the human world to the demon world 800 years ago.

In the beginning, World Entrances were rare and small.

Gradually, World Entrances grew in number and expanded in size. The Great Zhou Dynasty now had seven major city passes. The number of small to medium-sized city passes was even more astonishing.

Back then, Nine Tunes Pass’s incident was due to a World Entrance expanding.

“Gao Cong’s death is quite normal.” Meng Chuan shook his head gently. “As for Marquis Sea Return, he completed the Ninth Refinement for his Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. He was extremely fast, and even many Regis Godfiends couldn’t catch up to him. Even a fifth Firmament demon monarch found it difficult to chase him. According to Archean Mountain records, he died while carrying out a special mission.”

“Special mission?” Liu Qiyue was puzzled as well.

“I don’t know what kind of mission it was. We aren’t even Godfiends, so there are many things that are hidden from us.” Meng Chuan shook his head gently. “Seniors who reached the Eighth or Ninth Refinement have died for various reasons.”

“Although they died in battle, we have had more powerful Godfiends appear,” said Liu Qiyue.

Meng Chuan nodded as he smiled.

Indeed.

Perhaps due to the extreme pressure, the entire human race was desperately cultivating. There was large-scale conscription, forcing many people to unleash their potential. Perhaps the war had tempered every Godfiend; therefore, in the past 800 years, there were many more powerful Godfiends emerging than before. Although there were instances when Marquis and Regis Godfiends died in battle, new Marquis and Regis Godfiends would take their place!

...

The next day, Meng Chuan went to the Treasure Repository at Yellow Reverence Peak alone.

“Lord Meng Chuan?” Inside the Treasure Repository, a cyan-robed man at the counter smiled at Meng Chuan. “Might I ask why Lord Meng is here?”

“I want a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura,” said Meng Chuan.

“A bottle of Six Desires baneful aura requires three thousand credits,” said the cyan-robed man with a smile.

“I’ve already completed the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s Eighth Refinement. I can obtain it for free,” said Meng Chuan. Completing the Ninth Refinement required a total of 90 Six Desires baneful aura bottles. He couldn’t even afford to exchange for them!

“Obtain for free?” The cyan-robed man was alarmed. Lightning Devastator Fiend Body Eighth Refinement? How many years had it been since he heard of one?

“Lord Meng Chuan, please wait a moment. I’ll get the Elder over,” said the cyan-robed man hurriedly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 - Dazzling
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Treasure Repository was a special place on Archean Mountain. Large amounts of treasures and resources were stored here. It had plenty of stewards and servants.

Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, Eighth Refinement? Three stewards and ten servants—who were in charge of serving the disciples on this floor—heard what Meng Chuan said. They were secretly astonished. They had been stationed at the Treasure Repository for a long time, and they knew that it had been many years since somebody—who had completed the Eighth Refinement of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—had appeared.

“I’ve been stationed at the Treasure Repository for almost sixty years. I’ve never seen a disciple that had completed the Eighth Refinement.”

“Lord Meng Chuan has only been on the mountain for a year, and he’s completed the Eighth Refinement. I bet that Lord Meng family’s future achievements will be in no way lesser than King Calm Sea’s fifth son.”

The two stewards behind the counter looked at Meng Chuan and secretly talked via voice transmission.

Those who could become stewards were at least Seamless realm experts. Some of them were even at the Core Condensation realm.

Soon, a linen-clothed elder came from upstairs. It was Elder Yi.

“Elder Yi,” greeted Meng Chuan respectfully.

“You completed the Eighth Refinement?” Elder Yi smiled amiably.

“I just mastered it yesterday,” answered Meng Chuan honestly.

Elder Yi nodded gently. With his strength, he could tell that the Golden Crow baneful aura had fused with his body completely. He immediately instructed, “Go, get a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura.”

“Yes,” the cyan-robed man replied respectfully.

“The Six Desires baneful aura is painstakingly collected from mortal cities,” said Elder Yi. “Every bottle has nine baneful aura wisps. It isn’t found easily. Only absorb it when you are confident of refining it! Don’t waste it.”

Meng Chuan nodded respectfully. “I understand.”

Soon, the cyan-robed man brought out a red porcelain bottle. After receiving it, Elder Yi handed it to Meng Chuan. “This Six Desires baneful aura is the last type you need for tempering your body. It’s also the most special one. It has the greatest impact on one’s consciousness. You have to temper your will first. If you can’t reach the threshold, don’t absorb it. Otherwise, it might affect your mind. It won’t be surprising if it affects you for decades. Once your willpower reaches the threshold, you can attempt to refine the baneful aura.”

“I will remember your advice.” Meng Chuan had read the books long ago. He knew how dangerous the Ninth Refinement was. If he absorbed the baneful aura while his will was weak, he would transform into a lunatic controlled by his desires. Even if he were saved by Archean Mountain Godfiends, the negative effects on his mind could last for decades or even a lifetime.

...

Meng Chuan next prepared to temper his will! He hoped that his willpower would quickly reach the threshold of refining the Six Desires baneful aura.

I’ll rest for a day and let my mental state return to normal. I’ll go to the Darkness Altar tomorrow and see how far I can reach. Meng Chuan placed the Six Desires baneful aura bottle into a cabinet within his cave abode before closing it. I’ve been on the mountain for a year now. I wonder how much my willpower has improved.

This year, he cultivated his saber arts diligently every day. He attained Saber Intent and learned the Heart Saber Stance. He had experienced 120 days of torment brought by the Golden Crow baneful aura.

This year, he had also gotten engaged to Liu Qiyue.

However, he did not know how much his willpower had improved in the past year.

...

25th December, early morning.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived at Grotto-Heaven Pavilion together. Today, the Supremacy would give a lecture. Now, there were 279 disciples inside Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

New disciples had arrived! Some old disciples had passed the Nine Mystical Caves and left. Meng Chuan was now considered a senior disciple after being on the mountain for a year.

When Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue entered the pavilion, a steward immediately came forward and said with a smile, “Lady Liu Qiyue, your position has changed slightly. Please follow me.” The seating arrangement had changed since new disciples had joined. There were new disciples with extremely high talent.

Meng Chuan remained in the same spot—he was still in the first row.

Ever since he mastered the Heart Saber Stance and reached the Seventh Refinement, he had been in the first row. Xue Feng, Xiao Yunyue, and the other Godfiends—who had attained transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies—were all seated in the first row. Some who had mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend body were in the second or third row.

Liu Qiyue sat behind, to Meng Chuan’s left. She could definitely attain a perfected Phoenix Divine Body. She just needed more time.

“Look, the couple that walked in is Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.”

“Meng Chuan reached the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s Eighth Refinement in the one year since he joined Archean Mountain. He has long mastered a Black Metal Sutra move. His talent is so high that he is on par with King Calm Sea’s fifth son, Xue Feng. Beside him is Liu Qiyue. She’s awakened a phoenix bloodline. They are a famous couple on our Archean Mountain.”

“Senior Brother Meng came from an ordinary Godfiend family clan. If he came from a Regis Godfiend family clan, he would be much stronger than he is now. Xue Feng became a Godfiend at fifteen, making him a few years faster than Senior Brother Meng. It’s all thanks to his family.”

“Mastering a Black Metal Sutra move in half a year truly makes him monstrous.”

Many disciples secretly discussed them.

In the past half a year, Meng Chuan was the most dazzling disciple in Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. He rose to prominence rapidly, dumbfounding many disciples. In terms of speed, he was even faster than Xue Feng and Xiao Yunyue. However, Meng Chuan was already eighteen when he came to the mountain while Xue Feng had been thirteen. This caused Meng Chuan to be a lot slower in many aspects. However, many disciples believed that his talent was no less than Xue Feng’s.

“Meng Chuan, congratulations on completing the Eighth Refinement realm.” Yan Jin walked over and revealed a rare smile.

“You are aware of it too?” Meng Chuan was surprised.

“This morning, everyone has been talking about it in Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. Who doesn’t know that you’ve already completed the Eighth Refinement of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body?” asked Yan Jin. “So, are you planning on completing the Ninth Refinement?”

“I’m going to give it a try,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Yan Jin nodded gently. “You’ve only been on the mountain for a year. You indeed have time to give it a try. However, completing the Eighth Refinement realm means you have Greater Mastery of a transcendent-grade Godfiend body. In Archean Mountain, most who cultivate transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies only gain Lesser Mastery. Greater Mastery is extremely rare. A perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend body rarely appears. Among the disciples who haven’t gone down the mountain, my fifth brother is the only one with a perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend body. However, he cultivates the Black Sand Fiend Body. It’s much easier than your Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “How’s your cultivation?”

“It’s still early.” Yan Jin shook his head gently and returned to his seat.

Yan Jin silently sat in his seat. Brother Meng Chuan has already completed the Eighth Refinement. I estimate I will take another three months before I attain Lesser Mastery of the Azure Lotus Divine Body. To attain Greater Mastery, it will take even more time. As for the perfected stage? I don’t see any hope in it! However, I need a perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend body if I want to fight a Regis Godfiend. As Yan Jin cultivated, he realized that although he worked very hard, compared to Meng Chuan and his fifth brother—Xue Feng—he was indeed slower.

But he never gave up.

Suddenly, an invisible aura spread out, enveloping the entire Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. Silence ensued. Meng Chuan and company stood up immediately. The new disciples—who were still wet behind the ears—followed the crowd and stood up. Supremacy walked in, and his gaze swept across the disciples. He naturally noticed Meng Chuan, Xue Feng, and the other outstanding disciples he paid more attention to.

“Greetings, Master.” The disciples bowed respectfully.

...

After the lecture in Grotto-Heaven Pavilion ended, Liu Qiyue went to Marquis Heavenstar for cultivation while Meng Chuan headed for the Darkness Altar.

“Lord Meng Chuan.” There were stewards and servants at the Darkness Altar as well.

“I wish to ascend the Darkness Altar,” said Meng Chuan.

The steward nodded and said, “Then I’ll activate the Darkness Altar now.” As he spoke, he activated a mechanism beside him.

“You may begin,” said the steward with a smile. “If Lord Meng Chuan stops on the Darkness Altar and can’t advance any further, I’ll shut it off.”

Although the Darkness Altar could temper one’s will, it was mainly used by Archean Mountain disciples to test their willpower. As long as they reached the peak, it meant that they had reached the willpower threshold for becoming a Great Solar Godfiend.

When I participated in the entrance examination last year, I stopped on the 75th step. I wonder how far I can reach now. Meng Chuan walked to the Darkness Altar and took the first step. A faint black fog immediately surged into Meng Chuan’s body. His body trembled slightly, but he got used to it quickly. He continued to walk up.

As for the stewards and servants, they watched curiously and wondered which step Lord Meng Chuan—who had recently become famous—could reach.

“Let’s guess how far Lord Meng Chuan can go.”

“I think he should be able to reach the 90th step.”

“Lord Meng Chuan has been on the mountain for only a year. It shouldn’t be that easy for him to reach the 90th step.” These stewards and servants lived rather dull lives. They chatted excitedly. They knew that Meng Chuan couldn’t hear their voices when he was climbing the Darkness Altar.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 - The Pit of Bewilderment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan stepped onto the Darkness Altar’s limestone steps and very stably took another step forward.

The black fog continued to seep into Meng Chuan’s body.

You want to bewilder me with these illusions?

After suffering four hours of hell-like torture every day for 120 days, his will had become as resilient as a saber. He would either be sharpened by the grinding or be crushed.

Meng Chuan’s will was clearly stronger and sharper. Furthermore, the promise he made with Qiyue strengthened his soul. His will had become stronger now that he had someone he loved.

Break! He broke through illusions forcefully with his strong will, allowing him to remain conscious.

He advanced step by step.

Thirty steps, fifty steps, seventy steps, ninety steps. Meng Chuan’s pace didn’t slow down as he ascended the altar. He reached the 90th step before he slowed down slightly. However, he continued climbing the altar.

“This...”

“Almost a hundred steps.”

“Didn’t Lord Meng Chuan join Archean Mountain a year ago? His willpower has improved by so much?” The stewards and servants were dumbfounded. They were in charge of managing the Darkness Altar, so they naturally knew that Meng Chuan had reached the 75th step a year ago. With more experience and diligent cultivation, one’s will would slowly grow stronger; however, Meng Chuan’s willpower had increased significantly.

The stewards and servants watched intently. Although Meng Chuan’s pace slowed down, he continued walking upwards.

“The hundredth step! He already reached the hundredth step, but he’s still climbing upwards.”

“He won’t reach the summit directly, right?”

...

It’s an illusion. Illusions, begone!

Meng Chuan roared inwardly, but illusions continued to invade his mind endlessly. He broke through the first layer of illusions, but the second, third, and further layers remained. His sea of consciousness gradually turned chaotic, and he was no longer able to discern reality from the illusions.

1Soon, the black fog returned to the Darkness Altar. Meng Chuan quickly escaped the illusions and regained his senses.

I’m Meng Chuan. I’m trying to ascend the Darkness Altar. Meng Chuan immediately realized this and heaved a sigh of relief.

It was very uncomfortable to lose himself in the illusions.

When Meng Chuan saw the top of the Darkness Altar, he looked down and realized that he was just one step short from reaching the summit.

“Congratulations, Lord Meng Chuan. You have reached the 102nd step.” After the steward deactivated the Darkness Altar, he immediately congratulated him. “I believe that even if you do not deliberately temper your will, you will reach the summit in a year or so.”

Meng Chuan nodded gently, but he still took a step forward.

He took the last step and stood at the top. The top was very small, but when he looked around him, it felt quite different.

The steward and servants were slightly taken aback. Why was he doing that? They had shut down the Darkness Altar, providing no testing effects. What was the point of reaching the summit?

I probably wouldn’t ascend the Darkness Altar again in the future. Meng Chuan knew this, so he decided to stand at the summit and take in the scenery.

Following that, he left the Darkness Altar.

Meng Chuan was rather delighted that he reached the Darkness Altar’s 102nd step. His improvement over the past year was much greater than he had expected. However, it wasn’t much of a surprise. This was because the required willpower for refining the Six Desires baneful aura was several times greater than what was needed to reach the Darkness Altar’s summit. The path to complete the Ninth Refinement was long and arduous.

...

Evening of 26th December.

After painting, sparring, and cultivating for a while, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived at a rather mysterious place on Archean Mountain.

“The Pit of Bewilderment is extremely mysterious. What’s hidden at the bottom of the pit remains one of Archean Mountain’s top ten mysteries,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Liu Qiyue nodded excitedly as well. “I’ve read about it as well. The Pit of Bewilderment is like a bottomless abyss. It’s impossible to see its true appearance. If anyone can reach the bottom of the Pit of Bewilderment, their willpower will be so strong that they can be ranked in the top ten of all humans. Just their terrifying willpower alone would allow them to become a Marquis Godfiend in a year.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

If any mortal were able to reach the Pit of Bewilderment’s end, the attention that Archean Mountain gave them would immediately surpass what they gave Meng Chuan and Xue Feng. Anyone who could reach the pit’s end had willpower comparable to a Supremacy at the Creation realm. Godfiend bodies like the Sanguine Divine Body, Mirage Fiend Body, and the Skyfiend Saint and Indestructible Blood Sea Black Metal Sutras were extremely suitable for those with monstrous willpower. They could become Marquis Godfiends in a year and Regis Godfiends in a few decades.

However, willpower was not borne from talent. Regardless of one’s family background—no matter how impressive one’s parents were, or even if they had an inborn Essence Soul—lacking willpower meant weakness!

Willpower needed to be gradually gained through one’s life experiences. Their life experiences, a mortal’s hardships, the grinding of various emotions... There were too many factors that determined one’s willpower.

Young people lacked experience! They had shallow knowledge! How could they compare to powerful Godfiends that had wallowed in seas of blood for centuries? They were far inferior.

Before the age of fifty, no human in history had ever surpassed a Regis Godfiend while having willpower that ranked in the top ten of all humans in the world.

Meng Chuan knew himself well.

How many battles had he experienced? How many times had he experienced despair? The known contributions by famous Marquis Godfiends and Regis Godfiends were shocking. After fighting for the human race for so long, their willpower far exceeded those of the younger generation. For years, their wills were tempered with blood, sweat, and tears.

“We’ve arrived at the Pit of Bewilderment.” said Meng Chuan.

The Pit of Bewilderment was a cave that led deep down.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue stood at the edge of the pit and looked down. They couldn’t see the bottom due to the black fog within the pit.

There were stairs beside the Pit of Bewilderment’s walls. They circled the cavern and continued down. One ring consisted of 79 steps. The steps circled down, and there were a total of six rings visible to the naked eye.

“The books say that the Pit of Bewilderment has nine rings of steps,” said Liu Qiyue. “There are still three rings hidden by the black fog.”

“Reaching the Darkness Altar’s altar is equivalent to completing three rings in the Pit of Bewilderment,” said Meng Chuan. “To absorb the Six Desires baneful aura, I need to complete four rings in the Pit of Bewilderment.”

The deeper he went, the harder it was for him to take a step forward. To reach the fourth ring’s end in the Pit of Bewilderment, one required willpower several-fold greater than the willpower required to complete the third ring.

After reaching the end of the fourth ring, one could absorb the Six Desires baneful aura without going insane instantly.

However, there were nine rings in the Pit of Bewilderment...

“Two people are walking in it,” said Liu Qiyue.

“I see them.” Meng Chuan carefully watched the two people walking down the Pit of Bewilderment’s stairs. One was at the third ring and slowly descended towards the fourth ring. The other was slowly walking along the fifth ring.

“One of them is Senior Brother Zhang Feng, a Great Solar Godfiend,” said Liu Qiyue immediately. “The one further below is Marquis Clear Orchid.”

Meng Chuan knew them too. After all, there was information regarding his fellow disciples in Archean Mountain. However, Great Solar Godfiends and Marquis Godfiends spent most of their time fighting outside. They occasionally returned to the sect, so it was rare for them to meet.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiye watched them for ten minutes and saw their results.

When Senior Brother Zhang Feng arrived at the fourth ring’s 26th step, he began walking towards the Pit of Bewilderment’s center dazedly. He missed his footing and fell into the black fog expressionlessly.

Marquis Clear Orchid arrived at the fifth ring’s 62nd and dazedly walked towards the Pit of Bewilderment’s center. He numbly stepped on air and fell.

Falling didn’t matter. They would only lose consciousness for a short while. When they regained consciousness, they would be outside the Pit of Bewilderment. As for what they would encounter when they fell to the bottom of the pit? Nobody knew. It was why it became one of Archean Mountain’s ten great mysteries.

Even a Marquis Godfiend can’t complete the fifth ring. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

“Qiyue, I’m prepared to give it a try,” said Meng Chuan.

“I’ll accompany you,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “Let’s try it out together.”

The two walked to the Pit of Bewilderment’s entrance. Two stewards were waiting there.

“Lord Meng Chuan, Lady Liu Qiyue,” greeted a female steward with a smile. “The Pit of Bewilderment has a huge impact on one’s mind. Many disciples often have nightmares, so after entering once, they need to rest for ten days, at least. They can only attempt the Pit of Bewilderment again after ten days. Every attempt requires 500 credits.”

“We know.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

“Please.” The female steward smiled and moved aside.

“I’ll go ahead,” said Meng Chuan. The stairwell was very narrow—only three feet wide. It wasn’t suitable for them to walk together.

Meng Chuan immediately descended the staircase, but no illusions attacked his mind. Instead, he only felt his consciousness sink. The churning black fog inside the Pit of Bewilderment was tempting him into jumping down.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 - Surprise (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan walked down the stairs along the Pit of Bewilderment’s perimeter, step by step. He got closer and closer to the bottom of the Pit of Bewilderment, and the temptation was growing stronger.

What a strong temptation. Meng Chuan was secretly shocked, but he calmly resisted it as he descended.

His consciousness had a “heavy” feeling. The deeper he went, the heavier he felt.

When he finished the second ring, he found his Essence Soul being suppressed. The Power of Essence Soul was sealed, and he was unable to resist the temptation by using it.

It actually suppressed my Power of Essence Soul? Meng Chuan was extremely shocked. He tried to use the Power of Essence Soul, but it was useless. When I scaled the Darkness Altar, my Power of Essence Soul wasn’t suppressed even towards the end. However, my Power of Essence Soul is already completely suppressed when I’m at the third ring?

The Pit of Bewilderment was clearly much more mysterious than the Darkness Altar. After all, Regis Godfiends and Marquis Godfiends would occasionally come here to test their willpower.

Meng Chuan continued walking, and his consciousness felt extremely heavy. He could barely resist the Pit of Bewilderment’s temptations with just his will.

Once he reached the third ring’s 50th step, the urge to jump filled Meng Chuan’s mind gradually. He couldn’t even think about anything else. All he could do was look at the churning black fog at the bottom of the pit. He felt like it was the most beautiful place in the world. He felt an intense urge to jump down like a moth flying into a flame. Everything in the world, including death, couldn’t stop him from submitting to the temptation.

Resist it. If you can’t even withstand this bit of desire, how are you going to refine the Six Desires baneful aura? Meng Chuan’s consciousness continued roaring. His consciousness was like a bound dragon that struggled with all its might.

He struggled to free himself from the black fog’s control. Meng Chuan’s expression began to distort.

Compared to what I’ve been pursuing, these temptations are nothing! Scram! Meng Chuan’s consciousness grew more crazed as it roared, Get lost!

However, his face was turning blank. Currently, his consciousness was very weak. He couldn’t move his body or influence his facial expressions.

A terrifying temptation suddenly invaded Meng Chuan’s thoughts. He let out a faint roar inwardly, but his weak roar was drowned out by silence.

Meng Chuan no longer had any other thoughts.

The only thing he remembered was that the best place in the world was just beside him. He was born to go there! Nothing could stop him.

Whoosh.

With a single step, he fell downwards.

He was getting closer and closer to the Pit of Bewilderment’s end.

I’m finally here. As he arrived at the end of the pit, his mind blanked as he was smothered by a sensation of comfort. He felt incredibly comfortable, just like a baby returning to their mother’s womb.

Oh? Meng Chuan suddenly jolted awake.

He found himself standing at the exit of a tunnel. Liu Qiyue was beside him; she was already awake. She immediately shouted, “Ah Chuan.”

“Why am I here?” Meng Chuan looked around.

“I was standing here when I woke up,” said Liu Qiyue. Then, she pointed at the tunnel behind her. “I waited for quite some time and saw you walk over in a daze. You stopped before waking up.”

“I walked over dazedly?” Meng Chuan was somewhat shocked. “I don’t remember that at all.”

The feeling of losing oneself was terrifying. Most Archean Mountain disciples didn’t like to lose consciousness. They were willing to cultivate here because they had absolute confidence in the sect. Furthermore, the Pit of Bewilderment had remained very safe for tens of thousands of years. Nothing bad had ever happened to the disciples.

“Lord Meng Chuan.” There were two stewards at the entrance. The fatter steward smiled and said, “You fell to the bottom when you reached the fourth ring’s 1st step.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. His willpower had improved slightly compared to when he had ascended the Darkness Altar. The experience seemed to have tempered his will.

“I fell to the bottom of the pit when I reached the third ring’s 2nd step. I did worse than you, Ah Chuan,” said Liu Qiyue.

“That’s already equivalent to fifty steps on the Darkness Altar,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “It’s already very good.”

The fat steward added, “Lord Meng Chuan, Lady Liu Qiyue, you will need at least ten days of rest before you can enter the Bit of Bewilderment again. In terms of will-tempering, you will have the best effects during the first two months. The longer you train here, the slower the tempering will be. After half a year, it will be almost useless to enter the Pit of Bewilderment.”

“I know.” Meng Chuan nodded and left with Liu Qiyue.

The two walked along the mountain path, discussing the Pit of Bewilderment.

“What’s at the bottom of the Pit of Bewilderment? Why is its bewitchment so strong?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“It’s very powerful.” Meng Chuan nodded. He was unable to use the Power of Essence Soul at the third ring. How terrifying! Reaching the bottom of the pit meant that one’s will was at the top ten of all humans. What exactly was the Pit of Bewilderment?

“Ah Chuan, cultivating at the Pit of Bewilderment during the first two months provides the best will-tempering effects. The tempering only slows down later,” said Liu Qiyue. “Do you have any hope of finishing the fourth ring in the next few months?”

Meng Chuan shook his head gently. “Willpower depends on many factors. What you’ve experienced and insights in life are more important.”

Constantly entering the Pit of Bewilderment would be dumb. After doing such a thing for half a year, it would be almost useless to enter the PIt of Bewilderment.

According to books, it was very difficult for one’s willpower to increase as long as they cultivated peacefully. If they entered the battlefield and swam in seas of blood, they would be involved in life and death battles.

The grief after seeing companions die, the joy from killing a demon monarch successfully, the helplessness after seeing many ordinary soldiers die in battle... The joy of marriage, the excitement of having a child, the mental anguish after being stuck at a cultivation bottleneck for a decade or two, and the relief after an epiphany that resulted in a breakthrough...

All these life experiences could strengthen one’s heart and will.

The heart was the material, and the will was a weapon.

Only materials of sufficient quality could be used to forge a divine armament.

If one always cultivated peacefully and had very few life experiences, they wouldn’t be able to strengthen their will very much. Therefore, powerful Godfiends often fought on battlefields for many years before entering the Pit of Bewilderment to temper their will. This would result in higher efficiency and better results.

“I’ll think of a solution eventually,” said Meng Chuan.

It was very difficult to increase one’s willpower.

For example, Ji Yuantong’s will was weak. Although he had become an inner sect disciple, Meng Chuan and the others had never seen him. Everyone suspected that Archean Mountain had special arrangements for him.

With Ji Yuantong’s weak will, he would probably never become a Great Solar Godfiend his entire life if he remained on the mountain for ten years. To temper his will, he had to leave the mountain and enter the battlefield. His experiences on the battlefield would change him and temper his will.

...

Night.

Meng Chuan was sleeping soundly in bed and had fallen into a dream.

“Jump down.”

Meng Chuan dazedly stared at the churning black fog in front of him. The churning black fog drew closer to him from every direction.

Meng Chuan smiled and jumped into the black fog.

Currently, the black fog was the most beautiful place in the world. The black fog was the only thing he lived for.

No! A strong resistance rose in his mind. This shouldn’t be what I live for. I’m still alive. There are other things I need to do. Such thoughts gradually surfaced as he resisted the black fog’s bewitchment.

“Come.” The black fog flew towards Meng Chuan and attempted to envelop him.

Why am I alive? Meng Chuan’s consciousness questioned his reason for existing. Why?

Suddenly, he remembered Meng Dajiang, Liu Qiyue, and... his mother smiling at him!

Dad, Mom, Qiyue. Meng Chuan suddenly understood. I’m Meng Chuan! I’m Meng Chuan!

After remembering who he was, his dreamscape began to twist and distort, making it seem unreal.

“‘m Meng Chuan. I swore to kill all demons in the world. How can I be tempted by you? Begone! Meng Chuan roared and shattered the dreamscape completely. His consciousness finally broke through the nightmare. He could now sense his body and the outside world.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan suddenly sat up, his forehead covered in a cold sweat. It was still dark outside.

“I had a nightmare?” Meng Chuan murmured softly. It’s said that many disciples who enter the Pit of Bewilderment will have nightmares. I didn’t expect that I would have nightmares as well. The pit influenced me that much? He shook his head. According to the books, I should be fine after ten days.

This was the reason why Archean Mountain only permitted disciples to enter the Pit of Bewilderment every ten days.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 - Surprise (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day, at dawn, Liu Qiyue came looking for Meng Chuan.

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue found Meng Chuan practicing his saber art at the training grounds. Meng Chuan was currently executing the complete Heart Intent Saber Art. Although he had only comprehended the Heart Saber Stance’s Saber Intent, it wasn’t difficult for him to make the other stances look correct on the surface. Every day, after he woke up, he would practice the complete saber art several times to comprehend the Saber Intent within.

“Why are you here so early today?” Meng Chuan stopped. Qiyue came to have breakfast with him every morning, just like when they were at Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

“I had a nightmare yesterday. I was bewitched and fell into the black fog. When I woke up, I was exhausted.” Liu Qiyue’s face was rather pale. “I couldn’t sleep after that.”

Meng Chuan comforted her. “I also had a nightmare. However, in my dream, I had a nagging suspicion that something was amiss. I suddenly realized that I was Meng Chuan, allowing me to wake up quickly.”

“I was in a stupor during my dream,” said Liu Qiyue helplessly. “I couldn’t shake off the bewitchment.”

“It’s fine. We’ll be fine in a few days,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “It’s said that resisting the nightmare is also akin to tempering one’s will.”

“Forget it. I won’t be going to the Pit of Bewilderment for now. I’ll continue improving my archery skills,” said Liu Qiyue. “I need to reach the Realm of Intent as soon as possible before I can master the Phoenix Divine Body.”

It was very uncomfortable when one was unable to escape from a nightmare. Liu Qiyue suffered from nightmares for five days before finally breaking free from the torture. Meng Chuan was in better shape. He only suffered for three days before completely returning to normal. He managed to regain self-awareness in all three nightmares.

...

Ten days later.

In the evening, Liu Qiyue went to the Earth Fire Lava Pond for two additional hours of training! As a genius who had awakened her phoenix bloodline, cultivating in the Earth Fire Lava Pond was a form of enjoyment! Furthermore, her talent with fire was much higher than before she awakened, so her cultivation speed accelerated. This was why Archean Mountain was so confident in nurturing her.

Anyone who awoke a phoenix bloodline became talented with fire.

Whilst she was doing so, Meng Chuan went to the Pit of Bewilderment. This was his second time entering the Pit of Bewilderment.

This time, he reached the fourth ring’s 6th step! His improvement was huge.

...

Time passed.

He went to the Pit of Bewilderment every ten days. In the beginning, he would often have nightmares after entering the Pit of Bewilder. After his fifth entry into the Pit of Bewilderment, he no longer had any nightmares. However, the pit’s effects on will-tempering reduced after his fifth entry.

...

In the blink of an eye, more than three months passed. On 5th April, drizzle poured.

In the early morning, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue headed to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. They traversed the mountain with movement techniques, and the rain didn’t touch them at all.

“Ah Chuan, what books did you bring?” Liu Qiyue realized that Meng Chuan was holding two books.

“They are history books,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “After the lecture is over, I’ll head to the library and exchange these for two new books.”

A disciple was allowed to borrow two ordinary books at a time. He would have to return these books for ones he hadn’t read.

“History books?” Liu Qiyue was puzzled.

“I’ve already stopped training at the Pit of Bewilderment,” said Meng Chuan as they traveled. “During my first two months at the Pit of Bewilderment, I kept improving and reached the fourth ring’s 22nd step. But in the third month, I’ve only managed to take one more step. The more I enter the Pit of Bewilderment, the weaker the will-tempering effects are. Anyway, our willpower will also improve when we cultivate normally.”

Liu Qiyue nodded. “Your current willpower hasn’t reached the Six Desire baneful aura refining threshold. What are you planning on doing?”

Currently, he reached the fourth ring’s 23rd step at the Pit of Bewilderment. The Six Desire baneful aura refining threshold was the fourth ring’s completion. He still had 56 steps to go!

“I’ve already made preparations. I’d rather take five to six years to complete the Ninth Refinement,” said Meng Chuan. “Although it’ll take some time, I’ll cultivate my saber arts during this period. My saber art cultivation can’t be delayed.”

His future would be affected depending on whether he completed the Eighth or Ninth Refinement before becoming a Godfiend. His future wouldn’t be affected much even if he took years longer to become a Godfiend.

Just like what was written in the books, when one’s willpower ranked in the top ten of the human race, even mortals could become Marquis Godfiends within a year. By the same logic, if one’s saber art reached a high realm, a mortal could also become a Great Solar Godfiend very quickly.

“Willpower is more reliant on life experiences and the insights one has in life,” said Meng Chuan. “It’s very difficult for us to gain such life experiences when we’re cultivating on the mountain. After reading several books, I discovered that reading is a way to improve one’s willpower. It’s especially so when reading history books. I read about the lives of all famous individuals in history and the rise and fall of dynasties.”

Meng Chuan said, “Although I haven’t experienced it myself, I have gained insights from reading about history. I believe that after five to six years of reading, my knowledge pool will be massive.”

He planned to focus on many aspects for five to six years. He had decided to focus on his saber art, reading, and an escape art.

His saber art was the most important! He understood that his talent with the saber was at the average genius level. He was only a peerless genius when it came to painting. He mastered the Heart Saber Stance in half a year purely because the Saber Drawing Stance and the Heart Saber Stance were very similar. Since his talent wasn’t as high as his master had said, he had to be more diligent.

Cultivating diligently—rain or shine—also tempered his will.

Reading broadened his horizons and gave him insight.

The escape art was a technique created by an Archean Mountain senior. Deep in the Thousand Sabers Cavern—over 1000 feet deeper than where Meng Chuan normally cultivated—the wind blades could heavily injure Meng Chuan. A handful of wind blades were enough to kill him! He had to use his movement technique to avoid the wind blades. If he was careless, he could die.

There was something terrifying about being on the edge of life and death! His psyche rapidly improved as he dodged and blocked desperately.

Every time he was seriously injured, he would stop immediately. His injuries healed quickly. With the consumption of pills, he recovered from severe injuries in three days. Therefore, he would train his escape art—while on the edge of life-and-death—every three days. He worked hard every time, trying to last longer. This was a method to squeeze his potential out of him.

Meng Chuan had only tried it once. He bandaged his wound behind Qiyue’s back and consumed pills.

Saber art, reading, and escape art. By training like this, I believe my willpower will reach the Six Desires baneful aura refining threshold in five to six years.

...

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived at Grotto-heaven Pavilion, their seating arrangement had changed.

“Senior Brother Xue Feng has passed the Nine Mystical Caves. He has already left the mountain.”

“Senior Brother Xue Feng has been on the mountain for nearly twelve years. He reached the Great Solar realm with a perfected Black Sand Fiend Body. He completed the Nine Mystical Caves test after reaching the Great Solar realm. Senior Brother Xue Feng’s Nine Mystical Caves test was really difficult.”

“Senior Brother Xue Feng’s current strength is at the peak of Great Solar Godfiends, right?”

This morning, Grotto-Heaven Pavilion was filled with discussions. They were discussing King Calm Sea’s fifth son, Xue Feng.

“Senior Brother Xue Feng has left?” Meng Chuan was astonished.

“It sounds like he left yesterday.” Liu Qiyue was also surprised. News didn’t spread quickly if the disciples didn’t convene.

Meng Chuan was shocked. Xue Feng only left the mountain after becoming a Great Solar Godfiend? The Nine Mystical Caves test sure was difficult for Xue Feng!

Most inner sect disciples left the mountain after becoming Indestructible Godfiends. It was the same for Jadesun Palace Lord at Eastcalm Prefecture. Most disciples only had a chance of reaching the Great Solar realm after 30 to 50 years of cultivation due to their lacking talent.

It was impossible for Archean Mountain to support them for 30 to 50 years.

The Supremacy’s lecture was the same as before. The disciples carefully listened and raised questions about their cultivation.

Soon, the lecture ended. The disciples dispersed.

Liu Qiyue went to Marquis Heavenstar and trained her archery skills. Meng Chuan carried the two history books and was about to go to the library. At this moment, a voice sounded in his ears. “Meng Chuan, come and see me in the inner courtyard.”

Meng Chuan was taken aback. He stayed in Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. After the other disciples were gone, he entered Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s inner courtyard.

In the inner courtyard, Meng Chuan saw the Supremacy.

“Master,” greeted Meng Chuan respectfully.

“Chronicles of North Wind?” The Supremacy glanced at the book in Meng Chuan’s hand and laughed. “Are you reading history books now?”

“Reading can broaden one’s horizons and increase one’s insights. It will also temper one’s heart and will,” said Meng Chuan.

“Haha...” The Supremacy laughed. “It looks like you have a plan for tempering your heart and will?”

“I’m still far from refining the Six Desires baneful aura,” reported Meng Chuan respectfully. “My plan will take five to six years. I can’t be anxious. I want to use the time to cultivate my saber art and escape art. Reading is to improve my willpower.”

The Supremacy smiled and shook his head gently. “Training an escape art while on the edge of life and death is too extreme. There’s no need to cultivate it. Reading? You can do so in the future, but you have to manage your time.”

Meng Chuan was stunned. His plan had been changed by the Supremacy? His will would improve slower.

“Tempering one’s heart and will can’t be rushed,” said the Supremacy with a smile. “As for refining the Six Desire baneful aura... I forgot to tell you something. Six Desires baneful aura is terrifying. When a mortal refines Six Desires baneful aura with lacking willpower, they might be controlled by their desires. However, Six Desires baneful aura is only slightly special. It poses a great threat to mortal souls, however, it can’t affect a Regis Godfiend’s Essence Soul at all.

“Although you are mortal, you already have an Essence Soul. Six Desires baneful aura’s influence on a mortal’s Essence Soul is much weaker than on a mortal without an Essence Soul.

“As long as you can reach the Darkness Altar’s summit, you will be able to refine Six Desires baneful aura. Your Essence Soul will help you maintain clarity of mind,” said the Supremacy.

Meng Chuan was stunned. He was pleasantly surprised!

“But why didn’t the notes regarding the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body mention this?” Meng Chuan could not help but ask.

“Haha, how many mortals have Essence Souls?” asked the Supremacy with a smile. “Ever since the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was created, you were the only mortal with an Essence Soul.”

The Supremacy smiled and said, “Alright, you know about it now, at least. Go ahead and complete the Ninth Refinement.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan respectfully retreated.

He turned around and left excitedly. He quickly came to his senses. Master didn’t say anything about this before. He only told me about this three months after I first entered the Pit of Bewilderment. Was it intentional?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 - Not Enough Baneful Aura?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan also understood his master’s good intentions.

He exerted enough pressure on him, allowing him to focus on tempering his will. One’s willpower was extremely important, even in the later Godfiend realms. After all, many Marquis and even Regis Godfiends visited the Pit of Bewilderment when they returned to Archean Mountain. That was enough evidence.

“I’m here to swap these two books.” Meng Chuan’s heart surged with excitement, but he still went to the library and looked for two new history books.

Studying also relaxed his mind and spirit. It increased his insight, so he needed to keep at it.

After obtaining two new books, Meng Chuan returned to his cave abode.

...

Inside his cave abode chamber.

After closing the chamber, Meng Chuan took out a red porcelain bottle he had hidden. His eyes were filled with anticipation. Time to begin the Ninth Refinement!

He was in a bathing pool during every Eighth Refinement session because he needed to heal from his injuries and wasn’t concerned if he was disturbed. However, if his Essence Soul couldn’t withstand the Six Desires baneful aura, it would attack his mind and affect his sea of consciousness. Although he could barely maintain his clarity of mind, it was safer to cultivate in a sealed chamber to prevent any accidents.

Come on.

Meng Chuan gently pulled open the bottle’s stopper and took a deep breath. His Quintessential Essence drew out a red baneful aura wisp—which entered his body through his nose.

Meng Chuan didn’t bother executing a body-tempering saber art because it was only used to guide and aid the body refine baneful aura. However, when it came to refining baneful aura with the Essence Soul, there was no need for such saber arts.

Whoosh.

His body didn’t absorb the Six Desires baneful aura wisp when it entered his body. It was extremely difficult for the body to absorb the Six Desires baneful aura. Even if he used a body-tempering saber art, he would still be unable to absorb Six Desires baneful aura if he hadn’t comprehended Saber Intent.

Instead, Meng Chuan stood motionlessly.

Let the Essence Soul absorb it first before letting the body absorb it.

After Six Desires baneful aura entered his body, it quickly wrapped around his Essence Soul. The faint red threads swirled around his Essence Soul and constantly tried to penetrate it.

Six Desires baneful aura originated from a human’s heart. Once it invaded one’s body, it would automatically attack their soul. If one’s will wasn’t strong enough, they would be controlled by their desires completely. Weak mortal souls were the easiest to control. The stronger one’s Essence Soul or will was, the harder it was for the Six Desires baneful aura to control them.

Meng Chuan did not use the Power of Essence Soul to block it. He allowed the Six Desires baneful aura to penetrate his Essence Soul and change his body completely.

Mmm? All sorts of desires arose in his heart.

He stood in a garden. From afar, his father, mother, and Qiyue were there. His father was laughing jovially. His mother looked identical to the time she taught him how to draw. Qiyue was carrying a few dishes over. Everyone smiled while shouting, “Chuan’er, come and have dinner.” Meng Chuan really wanted to go over. He wanted to reunite with his family. However, he maintained his clarity of mind and understood that it was all fake.

Soon, the scene dissipated.

Many beauties appeared in front of him. They were extremely enchanting. They only wore thin veils. They were many times more tempting than renowned courtesans in brothels. They clung to Meng Chuan as they enticed him. Sexual desires were naturally possessed by the human body. As he absorbed Six Desires baneful aura, his desires became extremely tempting. Meng Chuan could only endure it.

After the scene dissipated, he found himself in the wilderness. Behind him, demon monarchs were frantically chasing him. Some were on the ground, while others were in the sky. They circled and attacked him.

A strong sense of fear and despair surfaced in his heart. He wanted to live. His desire to live was extremely strong—it was an instinctive desire. His desire to live wanted to drown his consciousness.

I’m refining Six Desires baneful aura. These are all fake. They’re fake. Meng Chuan forcefully resisted his desires. His consciousness was constantly being drawn into different scenarios.

His desires nearly eradicated his rationality and almost caused Meng Chuan to collapse. Once he collapsed, he would be controlled by his desires completely.

However, Meng Chuan’s willpower was insane. His will was over 50% stronger than that was required to reach the Darkness Altar’s summit. He resisted the different desires’ repeated attacks. Some were emotional desires, physical desires, and his goals. All kinds of desires had different effects, but Meng Chuan managed to withstand the attacks.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan exhaled and regained his senses. He saw the chamber when he opened his eyes. The wisp of Six Desires baneful aura had fused with his Essence Soul completely.

Now, I’ll begin body-tempering with the baneful aura. The nine refinements’ goal was to temper the body. The first eight baneful auras had fused with his body completely. Only the Six Desires baneful aura was required to be absorbed by the Essence Soul first. After this, the body could begin absorbing the baneful aura. This would lead to a balance between body and soul. After everything was balanced, he would be able to attain a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body in the Godfiend Blood Pool.

Inhale! He inhaled another Six Desires baneful aura wisp. It entered his sea of consciousness immediately. However, this time, he used the Power of Essence Soul to prevent it from penetrating his Essence Soul. Then, he executed the body-tempering saber art with his Saber Intent.

The saber art allowed him to exert greater physical strength, causing his body to absorb the Six Desires baneful aura faster and deeper. He slowly absorbed the baneful aura—his Quintessential Essence enveloped his body and prevented the baneful aura from leaving his body. He took ten minutes to finish refining it.

...

Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul absorbed three wisps of Six Desires baneful aura, and his body absorbed six wisps. The ratio of one-to-two was the best ratio mentioned in notes regarding the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body manual, on the other hand, didn’t mention such a thing. It only told the reader to absorb as much as baneful aura they could.

His body could withstand six wisps of Six Desires baneful aura maximum, but his Essence Soul was far from reaching its limits. However, a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura only contained nine wisps.

Absorbing a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura a day is very fast. Meng Chuan wasn’t anxious about finishing the Ninth Refinement.

The next day, Meng Chuan arrived at the Treasure Repository and met Elder Yi again.

“You refined Six Desires baneful aura?” Elder Yi looked at Meng Chuan in shock.

Obtaining the first bottle of Six Desires baneful aura meant that Meng Chuan had completed the Eighth Refinement. Obtaining the second bottle meant that Meng Chuan had completely refined the first bottle of Six Desires baneful aura. It was simply too difficult for mortals to refine Six Desires baneful aura. The requirement on one’s willpower was too high!

There were two difficulties in refining Six Desires baneful aura. Firstly, it was difficult for the soul to absorb Six Desires baneful aura—it required insane willpower. Secondly, even if one’s willpower was insanely high, they could barely maintain clarity of mind when absorbing the Six Desires baneful aura. Due to this, the body-tempering saber art’s effects would be weak. Typically, one could only refine the baneful aura after reaching Greater Mastery of Intent. With these difficulties, a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body expert would only appear once every few centuries.

“Alright, this is the second bottle of Six Desires baneful aura.” Elder Yi’s eyes were filled with anticipation. Meng Chuan just needed time to complete the Ninth Refinement. Soon, a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body would appear.

...

“This is the third bottle.” Elder Yi could see the baneful aura in Meng Chuan’s body with a single glance. He gave him a new bottle. “You are quite fast. You can refine one bottle a day?”

...

“This is the fifth bottle.”

...

“This is the tenth bottle.”

...

“You’ve already finished 50 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura. Meng Chuan, there are many people on the mountain waiting for you to attain a perfected Godfiend Body.” Elder Yi was rather expectant.

Since Meng Chuan collected a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura every day, news spread very quickly. Many people on Archean Mountain knew that Meng Chuan was refining a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura a day. After more than two hundred years, a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body would appear again.

Among the disciples who had not left the mountain, Meng Chuan was in the limelight.

Excluding Meng Chuan, there had only been one disciple with a perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend body in the past twenty years. That was Xue Feng. Xue Feng had a perfected Black Sand Fiend Body. In Archean Mountain’s public ranking of Godfiend body cultivation difficulty—ignoring the Dragon Divine Body and Phoenix Divine Body, which required an awakened bloodline—five of the other ten transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies had the highest cultivation difficulty. The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was one of them.

In Archean Mountain’s history, for the five transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies with relatively low cultivation difficulty, a perfected Godfiend body could be seen every ten years. As for the five with higher difficulty, a perfected Godfiend body appeared once every few decades. They were far rarer.

The Dragon Divine Body and Phoenix Divine Body depended purely on luck. An awakened bloodline meant definite success. There was no hope without an awakened bloodline.

As a result, the other disciples were very impressed by Meng Chuan—who was able to cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body to perfection. He naturally became the focus of attention. Many disciples came to chat with him at every Dao Exchange. They tried to get to know him. After all, they might request Meng Chuan’s help in the future.

...

Seventieth bottle, eightieth bottle... Meng Chuan finally received the ninetieth bottle.

That night, Meng Chuan refined Six Desires baneful aura.

He wasn’t very excited, but rather puzzled.

I’ve refined 90 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura completely. According to the one to two ratio, my body has absorbed 60 bottles of baneful aura and my Essence Soul has absorbed 30 bottles of baneful aura... However, I haven’t completed the Ninth Refinement. Meng Chuan stood in the chamber, feeling somewhat perplexed and helpless.

I can sense that my body has absorbed Six Desires baneful aura to the limits. What’s lacking is my Essence Soul. My Essence Soul doesn’t seem to have absorbed enough baneful aura, and is far from reaching its limit. According to past seniors’ notes, 90 bottles is usually the limit. Even those with heaven-defying talent would only absorb a few more bottles.

But I think my Essence Soul is still far from my limit. Don’t tell me I need a few dozen more bottles?

Meng Chuan was helpless. It was one thing to take a handful more bottles since he could say that his body was a little special. However, receiving dozens of bottles made it obvious that there was a problem.

Meng Chuan felt helpless...

The next morning, Meng Chuan didn’t go to Thousand Sabers Cavern. Instead, he went to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion to visit his master.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 - Nine Refinements Completed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“Lord Meng Chuan, please follow me.” Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s old steward had become much warmer towards him. The Supremacy had guided several geniuses. Most geniuses with extremely high talent would be given individual guidance. The old steward usually didn’t pay much attention to Meng Chuan, but he knew—along with virtually all of Archean Mountain—that Meng Chuan was about to attain a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—something that could only be seen once every few centuries. How rare was that? The last person who accomplished this was Marquis Sea Return two centuries ago. Unfortunately, he was killed during a special mission.

Transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies were all excellent, but they excelled in different things.

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body represented extreme speed. It was extremely useful for humans at critical moments.

After Marquis Sea Return, another perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body had appeared.

“This way, please.” The old steward spoke a few decibels louder as he walked.

“Master.” Meng Chuan came to the garden and saw the Supremacy leisurely trimming a tree. Leaves and branches littered the garden ground.

The old steward bowed slightly before retreating.

The Supremacy continued his leisurely pruning the tree, and calmly asked, “What’s the matter?”

“I’ve already used up 90 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura, but I’ve failed to merge the nine baneful auras into one! I believe that my physical body has reached its absorption limit, but there’s still plenty of room for my Essence Soul,” said Meng Chuan. “I’m afraid I need more than a handful of bottles. Do I directly head to Treasure Repository and get more bottles of Six Desires baneful aura?”

According to the rules, a bottle of Six Desires baneful aura could only be received for free after the previous bottle was fully refined. This continued until one completed the Ninth Refinement. However, there were many people at the Treasure Repository. There was no way to keep it a secret.

“The amount of baneful aura that a mortal with a normal soul can refine is naturally not as much as what the Essence Soul can absorb.” The Supremacy smiled as he turned to look at Meng Chuan. After a careful look, he said, “Your Essence Soul is still far from reaching its maximum. Here, there are 122 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura.”

The Supremacy waved his hand gently.

Space distorted slightly, and a gray cloth was laid flat on the ground. On the cloth were red porcelain bottles. There were many of them—a total of 122 bottles.

With so many treasures appearing out of thin air, Meng Chuan was secretly astonished. Although he knew that his master was at the Creation realm and stood above Regis Godfiends—to the point of Archean Mountain Lord respectfully addressed him as Supremacy—the means his master casually displayed still left him astounded.

Master definitely doesn’t carry these Six Desire baneful aura bottles with him all the time. However, he summoned them with a wave of his hand. What kind of technique is this? Meng Chuan was secretly alarmed. However, his knowledge was ultimately lacking. He couldn’t even obtain the subsequent Godfiend body manual if he didn’t reach the Great Solar realm! He also couldn’t obtain Essence Soul cultivation methods. He knew little about Marquis and Regis Godfiends, much less Creation realm experts.

He didn’t even see the words “Creation realm” in the books he could read. He only learned of it when his master mentioned it.

“Master, I still need 122 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura before I can merge the nine baneful auras into one?” Meng Chuan found it a little too much when he saw the red porcelain bottles.

“The baneful aura that your Essence Soul can refine is more than you can imagine,” said the Supremacy with a smile. “If I’m not wrong, I’m afraid there won’t be more than a few bottles left after your Essence Soul can no longer absorb the Six Desires baneful aura.”

Meng Chuan naturally believed in Supremacy’s judgment.

“Your Godfiend foundation is three times more robust than an ordinary person’s. It’s not bad. Your Essence Soul is much stronger than an ordinary person’s soul,” said the Supremacy with a smile. “The amount of Six Desires baneful aura you absorb will be more than any other cultivator who has cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. I’m also looking forward to seeing how strong you are after you attain a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. If there’s nothing else, hurry up and take all the bottles. You may leave.”

With that said, the Supremacy continued to trim the tree.

“Yes, I’ll take my leave.” Meng Chuan immediately wrapped the gray cloth into a bundle, bowed respectfully, and left.

...

Meng Chuan was one of the only people who had an Essence Soul while cultivating a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. The amount of Six Desires baneful aura he absorbed naturally exceeded the norm.

Meng Chuan brought the bottles of Six Desires baneful aura back to his cave abode secret chamber and continued practicing his saber art at Thousand Sabers Cavern. He cultivated with extreme perseverance.

With experiences from the Saber Drawing Stance, he comprehended Saber Intent in half a year. However, despite diligently cultivating for over a year, he was still far from attaining Greater Mastery of Saber Intent. He would probably take one or two more years.

The Supremacy had sharp eyes. He had long said that Meng Chuan was a peerless genius in painting, but only an average genius in saber arts. His cultivation efficiency rose because he could clearly see his flaws with his hundred-foot perception domain. This allowed him to stand out among other geniuses.

Without the hundred-foot perception domain, Meng Chuan’s cultivation would be much slower. Without an Essence Soul, Meng Chuan would be an ordinary disciple in Archean Mountain.

Of course, the Essence Soul was a part of Meng Chuan’s strength. This was also why the Supremacy valued him. Meng Chuan didn’t know that those who had inborn Essence Souls improved their Essence Souls with great difficulty. This was because their parents couldn’t help with Essence Soul cultivation. As for a peerless genius like Meng Chuan—who drew—he could condense an Essence Soul. In the future, he could use painting to strengthen his Essence Soul.

The inheritance from parents was one-off. One’s Essence Soul growth still required them to cultivate hard in the future. By relying on one’s own skills in the arts, one could improve continuously.

After receiving the 122 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura, Meng Chuan practiced his saber in the morning, drew in the afternoon, and happily sparred with Qiyue in the evening as usual.

At night, he absorbed the Six Desires baneful aura. He realized that his body was indeed unable to absorb the baneful aura, but his Essence Soul’s appetite was astonishing. He let it freely absorb the baneful aura for an hour. He absorbed three bottles’ worth of Six Desires baneful aura before he felt a little bloated.

The next night, he refined three bottles again.

At the speed of three bottles a day, Meng Chuan continued to refine Six Desires baneful aura. He had to stop himself from being tempted by his desires every night. This honed his will.

...

During a Dao Exchange, disciples—who hadn’t left the mountain—gathered together to discuss problems they had with their cultivation. Some people sparred with each other. It was very lively.

“Strange. Didn’t Senior Brother Meng complete the Ninth Refinement half a month ago? Why hasn’t he passed the Life-and-Death juncture and become a Godfiend?” The fellow disciples who were drinking together felt relaxed. It was a stark contrast to their usual arduous cultivation.

“The Treasure Repository confirmed that Senior Brother Meng had obtained 90 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura. Clearly, he has successfully refined them. He also comprehended Saber Intent and mastered a Black Metal Sutra move last year. Logically speaking, he meets all the requirements needed to become a Godfiend. It’s indeed a little strange that he hasn’t broken through yet.”

“There might be other reasons.”

“If it were me, once everything is prepared, I’d definitely become a Godfiend as soon as possible.”

“That’s why he’s Senior Brother Meng, and you’re Junior Brother Yu.”

These fellow disciples laughed.

On Archean Mountain, disciples below the Darkstar Realm were all of the same generation. Weaker disciples referred to stronger disciples as “Senior Brother” or “Senior Sister.” If they were of equal strength, they would be extremely polite by addressing each other as “Senior Brother.” It was a form of friendliness.

If one called another party “Junior Brother” while not being strong enough, it could offend others.

The disciples—who had yet to become Godfiends—addressed Meng Chuan as Senior Brother Meng.

...

“Meng Chuan didn’t go to the Treasure Repository to request to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool?” Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi walked alongside each other. Attempting the Life-and-Death juncture required activating the most crucial treasured land—Godfiend Blood Pool. The Treasure Repository was required to request the opening of the Godfiend Blood Pool. After the Treasure Repository was certain that the disciple in question had a 100% chance of success, would the disciple be allowed to attempt the Life-and-Death juncture and become a Godfiend.

“No.” Elder Yi shook his head. “I’m in charge of the Treasure Repository. How can I not know? He completed the Ninth Refinement almost a month ago. I wonder why he hasn’t broken through? Perhaps there’s a special reason that delayed him?”

“What kind of special reason can there be? They don’t have anything to worry about anything on the mountain. All they need to do is focus on becoming stronger,” said Archean Mountain Lord indifferently. “Since he has met the required conditions, he should become a Godfiend quickly. Cultivation requires every second to be treasured. How about this? Let’s wait for another month. If he doesn’t request to attempt the Life-and-Death juncture, pay him a personal visit and ask him for a reason. If there’s anything that is affecting him, we can help.”

“Yes.” Elder Yi nodded.

The number of Godfiends was important because many places needed Godfiends to guard them. However, quality was even more important!

For example, a Supremacy was stationed in Luotang Pass. Luotang Pass was the largest city pass, and the danger there ranked at the top of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s seven major passes. However, nothing had ever happened. It was extremely safe! It had developed into an extremely prosperous city. It was as prosperous as the imperial capital and Archean City.

Regis Godfiends could preside over large city passes.

A roaming Regis Godfiend could scare hidden demon monarchs. Hidden demon monarchs would never dare to reveal themselves openly. But even with all this caution, once they were discovered by a Regis Godfiend, they would be killed.

A medium-sized city pass required a Marquis Godfiend to guard it. However, there were very few Marquis Godfiends from Archean City. Most of the medium-sized city passes were jointly guarded by powerful Great Solar Godfiends. Medium-sized city passes were the most tragic ones. If every medium-sized city pass was guarded by a Marquis Godfiend, it would definitely be safe.

Unfortunately, there weren’t many Marquis Godfiends.

Every additional Marquis Godfiend made Archean Mountain happier. Every additional Regis Godfiend made Archean Mountain celebrate! After all, the entire sect barely had more than ten Regis Godfiends. Manpower was too tight.

Therefore, great importance was placed on geniuses like Meng Chuan and Xue Feng.

...

16th August, evening.

Meng Chuan refined another three bottles of Six Desires baneful aura.

Boom!

Meng Chuan felt like he had absorbed baneful auras to the limit. His Essence Soul and body fused with the merged baneful aura—nine baneful auras condensed into one. Everything happened naturally.

The quantitative change caused a qualitative change. He fused the nine baneful auras into one, turning it into the Ninth Refinement baneful aura.

It’s finally done. The baneful aura completely fused with his body. He stretched out his finger, and a black baneful aura appeared on his fingertip. This was the baneful aura after fusing nine baneful auras.

There are only two bottles left? Meng Chuan looked at the two red porcelain bottles beside him. Master is very accurate.

The Supremacy had only given him 122 bottles as a precaution. He believed that it was definitely enough and that there might be excess. Only two bottles remained.

I, Meng Chuan, have completed the Ninth Refinement. It’s time to become a Godfiend! Meng Chuan’s heart surged with excitement.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 - Godfiend Blood Pool
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One of his cultivation goals was to become a Godfiend! Only by becoming a Godfiend could he kill demon monarchs!

When he was young, he had sworn an oath in front of his mother’s grave. His father had been looking forward to it for many years, and he carried his grandaunt and the entire family clan’s hopes. It was also his personal goal. All his years of cultivation were for becoming a Godfiend.

He was willing to risk his life to become a Godfiend.

Tonight, he had finally completed the Ninth Refinement. He was only one step away from becoming a Godfiend. How could Meng Chuan not be excited?

That night, he tossed and turned. He didn’t sleep well at all. It was the first time he had insomnia since he came to Archean Mountain. However, the next morning, he remained as spirited as usual. He chuckled and became even warmer towards the stewards and servants in the cave abode. It made the stewards and servants flattered.

“What happened to our lord?”

“Why is he so polite today?”

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue came to have breakfast with Meng Chuan, and realized that Meng Chuan kept on smiling. She couldn’t help but ask, “Ah Chuan, why are you acting strangely today?”

“Acting strangely?” Meng Chuan looked at her.

“When I come at this time, you are usually still practicing your saber art,” said Liu Qiyue. “Today, you ate breakfast early. Furthermore, you are eating so leisurely.”

Meng Chuan drank the porridge and smiled. “No rush.”

“Aren’t you going to Thousand Sabers Cavern later?” Liu Qiyue asked curiously.

“No.” Meng Chuan shook his head.

Liu Qiyue was a little stunned. She was puzzled. Why wasn’t the diligent Meng Chuan practicing today?

“I’ll be heading to the Treasure Repository in a while to meet Elder Yi,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “I’m preparing for the Life-and-Death juncture.”

Liu Qiyue’s eyes widened in shock. “Ah Chuan, you’re becoming a Godfiend?”

“Three days before the Life-and-Death juncture, all cultivation needs to be stopped. I need to rest well and maintain peak physical and mental state,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Therefore, I’m not practicing my saber art today.”

This was also a requirement to become a Godfiend. Challenging the Life-and-Death juncture wasn’t a joke! It transformed one’s body from a mortal’s to a true Godfiend’s. One couldn’t be careless in any aspect.

“Yes, yes, yes. That’s right. Have a good rest for the next three days.” Liu Qiyue nodded immediately. “I’ll accompany you to the Treasure Repository later.”

...

After breakfast, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue left Bright Scenic Peak and arrived at the main peak—Yellow Reverence Peak. They walked towards the Treasure Repository.

“Lord Meng Chuan is here.”

“Pills and treasures aren’t distributed today. Is Lord Meng Chuan coming here to challenge the Life-and-Death juncture?” Many people in the Treasure Repository guessed when they saw Meng Chuan. This was because Meng Chuan had finished collecting all 90 bottles of Six Desires baneful aura a month ago. Everyone had been waiting for him to pass the Life-and-Death juncture and become a Godfiend. However, over a month had passed without anything happening. For Meng Chuan to suddenly come today, many people naturally had such speculations.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue entered the Treasure Repository.

“Lord Meng Chuan.” A cyan-robed man took the initiative to welcome him.

“I’m preparing to challenge the Life-and-Death juncture,” said Meng Chuan. “Please inform the Elder quickly.”

“Yes.” The cyan-robed man’s eyes lit up. He immediately nodded. “I’ll report it to Elder Yi.”

Everyone on the Treasure Repository’s first floor heard him clearly. They couldn’t help but feel excited. As stewards and servants who had served Godfiends their whole lives, they were also very concerned about Godfiends’ various affairs. They felt honored when a powerful Godfiend was born. They grieved for every dead Godfiend.

“Meng Chuan.” Elder Yi walked out and chuckled. “You’re finally planning to attempt the Life-and-Death juncture?”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Elder Yi took a closer look at Meng Chuan. “Indeed, you have merged all nine baneful auras. You have long comprehended Saber Intent, and your body doesn’t have any latent injuries either. Everything is fine. Let’s do it. From today onwards, rest for three days straight. Don’t cultivate. Allow your body and mind to reach their optimum state.

“By the way, these are three Creation Pills.” Elder Yi handed a blue jade bottle to Meng Chuan. “Consume a Creation Pill every day. It will be beneficial to your body and mind. Three days later—20th August—go to the Godfiend Blood Pool Cave at Life-and-Death Mountain Peak in the morning. When the time comes, the Supremacy will personally attract the seven lightning bolts for you.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded solemnly.

“Go back and have a good rest,” said Elder Yi with a smile. Following that, he looked at Liu Qiyue. “Liu Qiyue, you should focus on your cultivation and reach the Realm of Intent quickly.”

“Yes, Elder.” Liu Qiyue immediately replied before leaving with Meng Chuan.

Elder Yi watched the duo leave with a smile. He was very concerned about these two juniors.

One had awakened a phoenix bloodline, making her the second person in this world to have one. She was guaranteed a perfected Phoenix Divine Body.

The other had cultivated a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body by himself. Furthermore, he had completed the Ninth Refinement. It was in no way inferior to a perfected Phoenix Divine Body.

Elder Yi was very satisfied that the two of them were together. This was because the more powerful a Godfiend couple was, the more powerful their children would be. For example, King Calm Sea’s children had all become Godfiends. There were some with very high aptitudes. The other Regis Godfiend were similar. If a Creation realm expert was willing to pay the price, their children would have inborn Essence Souls.

The more powerful Godfiends we humans have, the better. Elder Yi watched the duo’s figures getting fainter and fainter.

...

Three days later—20th August. The morning was cold and bleak.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived at Life-and-Death Mountain Peak together. It was a very important place for Archean Mountain. Disciples were strictly forbidden from entering unless they had permission. This was because the mountain peak housed an extremely important treasured land—the Godfiend Blood Pool! Meng Chuan came here because he was challenging the Life-and-Death juncture. Outer sect disciples constantly fought and accumulated credit on the battlefield so they could enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. Inner sect disciples didn’t have to go through such trouble.

I’m almost there. Meng Chuan’s eyes were filled with anticipation. His condition had never been better. He had consumed the precious Creation Pills for three consecutive days. Now, his body had rich vitality, and his mind felt ethereal and comfortable.

Ahead of him was the Godfiend Blood Pool Cave.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue saw two figures standing in the distance. One was Archean Mountain Lord, while the other was Elder Yi.

“Mountain Lord, Elder.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue walked forward and bowed respectfully.

Archean Mountain Lord nodded slightly. “Liu Qiyue, there’s no need for you to proceed any further. Just stay here and observe the ceremony with Elder Yi and me.”

“Yes,” replied Liu Qiyue respectfully.

“Meng Chuan, go on.” Archean Mountain Lord pointed at Godfiend Blood Pool Cave. “The Supremacy is inside. He will personally protect you. Only a very small number of disciples will be personally protected by the Supremacy as they become Godfiends.”

“Just follow the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body formula. There’s no need to worry,” said Elder Yi.

“I’ll be leaving first,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

Liu Qiyue gave Meng Chuan a look of encouragement. Meng Chuan smiled and walked towards Godfiend Blood Pool Cave.

Godfiend Blood Pool Cave looked ordinary. It stretched out into a rather spacious cave tunnel and meandered. At the end of the tunnel, one could see a pool that was twenty feet wide—it was relatively small and ordinary. There were small holes by the side of the pool. These tiny holes had blue liquid flowing in. The blue liquid slowly filled the Godfiend Blood Pool.

“In a while, the Godfiend Blood Pool will be filled.” The Supremacy appeared from the void and appeared beside the Godfiend Blood Pool.

“Master.” Meng Chuan bowed respectfully.

“Once the Godfiend Blood Pool is filled, enter it and sit in a lotus position,” said the Supremacy indifferently. “Once you are ready, I will draw seven heavenly lightning bolts for you.”

“I understand,” said Meng Chuan respectfully. He waited for the Godfiend Blood Pool to be filled. The Godfiend Blood Pool was an extremely important resource for humans. The most valuable item was the blue liquid. Normally, the pool was empty! Only when one was about to break through would the liquid be directed here.

The pool wasn’t blood-colored, so why was it called the Godfiend Blood Pool?

This was because in ancient times, humanity had expended all the Godfiend Blood Pool’s resources. For Godfiends to pass down the legacy, powerful Godfiends used their Godfiend Blood Crystals as materials for the Godfiend Blood Pool. Godfiend Blood Crystals were not something common Godfiends possessed. Only powerful Godfiends could cultivate Godfiend Blood Crystals in their middle dantian. A Godfiend Blood Crystal was more important than the blood in their bodies. It represented their bodies’ foundation and also affected their lifespan.

The powerful Godfiends paid significant prices to ensure that the Godfiend legacy wouldn’t end. Now, there was no need for powerful Godfiends to pay such a price. However, they kept using the name “Godfiend Blood Pool” so that juniors remembered the powerful Godfiend seniors that had used their lifespans and cultivation foundation to continue the Godfiend legacy.

“Alright, the Godfiend Blood Pool is full. You can enter,” said the Supremacy.

“Yes, Master.” Meng Chuan took off his boots and jacket and put down his saber. He wore only a tight-fitting robe as he walked barefoot into the twenty-foot-wide Godfiend Blood Pool.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 - Remoulding the Body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The blue liquid in the Godfiend Blood Pool was somewhat cold. After Meng Chuan entered the Godfiend Blood Pool, he sat in the lotus position. He felt an invisible aura enter his body through his skin. Instantly, a terrifying lifeforce filled his body. Even his nails and hair began to grow rapidly.

Meng Chuan knew that the Godfiend Blood Pool could remould one’s body. It would transform a mortal into a Godfiend. However, it was extremely precious! Otherwise, many geniuses would’ve entered the Godfiend Blood Pool.

“Master, I’m ready,” said Meng Chuan.

“Okay.” At the side, the Supremacy’s long hair fluttered as he looked up. His gaze passed through the rocks and into the vast sky.

Rumble! The sky was originally very calm, but suddenly, two massive black clouds formed, lightning flashing within.

The weather changed instantly? Liu Qiyue—who was watching from afar—was shocked.

Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi watched in amazement. Both of them were Regis Godfiends—allowing them to influence the world to a certain extent—but they couldn’t change the weather, summon the wind and rain, or summon heavenly lightning.

The two large dark clouds in the sky collided, and lightning branched out in a tree-shape before striking down.

Bang! The bolt of lightning struck, followed by a loud boom.

After the two dark clouds collided, a thick bolt of lightning struck down. It twisted in midair and happened to strike the Godfiend Blood Pool Cave.

The first bolt of heavenly lightning. Liu Qiyue’s heart tightened. She was extremely concerned about Meng Chuan’s safety. Therefore, she had read the introduction to the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body in the library. She knew that one had to withstand seven bolts of heavenly lightning during the Life-and-Death juncture. With the power of heavenly lightning, the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers, and the merged baneful aura, one could ultimately attain a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

However, if one wasn’t prepared enough, their bodies would be reduced to ash.

“Don’t worry. Meng Chuan’s preparation is more than adequate. Nothing unexpected will happen.” Archean Mountain Lord looked at Liu Qiyue and comforted her.

...

Meng Chuan sensed something and looked up. He saw a blinding bolt of lightning snake down from the top of the cave. Following that, his consciousness shuddered when the lightning struck him.

“Undergo the Life-and-Death juncture and condense a Godfiend Body!” The Supremacy’s voice sounded in Meng Chuan’s mind.

“Understood.”

Meng Chuan remained conscious. Although he had been stunned by the strike, he immediately realized that his body had been torn apart by lightning. The bolt of lightning was directed here by the Supremacy—it was sufficiently powerful. With one bolt of lightning, Meng Chuan’s body, bones, and meridians shattered. The heavenly lightning damaged his entire body and organs severely.

This was considered a good outcome. If it weren’t for him cultivating the Lightning Divine Body—giving him strong resistance to lightning—and his merged baneful aura protecting him, he would’ve been blasted into smithereens the moment the lightning struck him.

Currently, he has severe injuries. If he hadn’t been in the Godfiend Blood Pool, he would be dead from these injuries within seconds.

Very good. Meng Chuan was happy instead of being shocked.

Destruction is needed for creation! Only by breaking free of his mortal coils could he obtain a true Godfiend body!

The Godfiend Blood Pool gave endless vitality to whoever was inside. Capable of rejuvenation—almost able to bring a person back from death—the blue liquid healed Meng Chuan rapidly.

“Reconstruct your body.”

Meng Chuan immediately used his Saber Intent to guide his Quintessential Essence and began reconstructing his body according to the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body formula.

His Quintessential Essence didn’t travel through his meridians. Currently, his Quintessential Essence was guiding the heavenly lightning—as well as his merged baneful aura—around his entire body, including his fractured bones and heavily-injured organs. Heavenly lightning was a heavenly punishment, and it had terrifying destructive power. It wanted to destroy the merged baneful aura, but it was difficult to truly destroy due to being formed by nine different baneful auras—with Six Desires baneful aura as the core. It was too ethereal and abstruse to be annihilated by the lightning.

By following the formula, the heavenly lightning and baneful aura fused together in a mysterious manner. He drew upon the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers to remould his bones, muscles, and organs.

The heavenly lightning isn’t strong enough. Meng Chuan realized that his merged baneful aura was too strong. It covered his entire body, and the heavenly lightning had little strength left after striking his body.

Boom!

What he lacked came immediately! The second bolt of lightning struck his body, causing his muscles and organs—that had partially healed—to be damaged.

Meng Chuan continued to reconstruct his body. His Saber Intent controlled his Quintessential Essence, but the expenditure was huge. The Godfiend Blood Pool constantly replenished his Quintessential Essence. At the same time, the rich vitality—granted by the blue liquid seeping into his body—caused Meng Chuan’s tendons and bones to grow again.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

As time passed, several bolts of lightning struck Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan—who was seated within the Godfiend Blood Pool—was very calm as he continued to reconstruct his body. The weak parts of his body were destroyed. Only by fusing heavenly lightning and the merged baneful aura into his entire body, would he be able to continue withstanding the heavenly lightning.

Meng Chuan felt like he was a piece of metal. The heavenly lightning was a hammer. It repeatedly struck him, completely forging him into steel.

His body was remoulded in different spots, and the remaining mortal body parts were obliterated by the heavenly lightning smiting him. This continued until he was free of his mortal body.

Now, every bone was a hundred-fold stronger than before. They contained heavenly lightning and baneful aura, and its toughness was much greater.

Every muscle, channel, and organ underwent a qualitative change.

Even though he had reached the Saber Intent realm, he could be killed with a single slap with his current body—that had yet to become a Godfiend body.

Oh? Meng Chuan was remoulding his organs when he realized that he couldn’t finish the remoulding process.

There’s still not enough heavenly lightning. He had already undergone seven bolts of heavenly lightning, but his body had yet to be remoulded completely.

Boom!

The Supremacy knew how Meng Chuan’s body transformation was progressing. He immediately directed another bolt of heavenly lightning to Meng Chuan once again.

The eighth bolt of heavenly lightning struck Meng Chuan. At this point, Meng Chuan would only cough up blood after being struck by heavenly lightning. He could still maintain 70% combat strength. In fact, his muscles and bones were completely unharmed after being struck by the terrifying lightning. He only vomited blood because he hadn’t finished remoulding his organs.

...

Archean Mountain Lord, Elder Yi, and Liu Qiyue watched from afar. They were mentally prepared to see seven bolts of lightning strike down, but when the eighth bolt struck down—

“Why would there be an eighth bolt of heavenly lightning?” Liu Qiyue’s expression changed drastically. There was no mention of an eighth bolt in the books.

“Don’t panic,” said Elder Yi immediately. “The heavenly lightning is triggered by the Supremacy. He will not commit mistakes. There must be a special situation that requires him to trigger the eighth bolt.”

“As long as he successfully attains the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, he won’t be afraid of the heavenly lightning,” said Archean Mountain Lord. “The Supremacy definitely has his reasons for his actions.”

Liu Qiyue nodded, but she grew more anxious.

Attempting the Life-and-Death juncture wasn’t a joke. An accident would cause huge problems.

Even if Meng Chuan attained the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body successfully, suffering another bolt of lightning would be a huge problem. Excess lightning remaining in one’s body would become a huge obstacle when attempting to enter the Core Cloud realm.

Boom!

Another bolt of lightning struck the Godfiend Blood Pool Cave.

It’s the ninth bolt of heavenly lightning. Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi were somewhat puzzled and anxious. They believed in the Supremacy, but they could not understand why a ninth bolt of heavenly lightning was triggered.

Liu Qiyue reeled with greater anxiety. However, she could only watch on helplessly.

Allowing her to witness Meng Chuan’s breakthrough was already special treatment. They were the only ones on Archean Mountain who could personally witness Meng Chuan’s Life-and-Death juncture! Others were forbidden from approaching Life-and-Death Peak. The dark clouds and the lightning were not visible once one was beyond Life-and-Death Peak. Likewise, thunder couldn’t be heard. At this moment, Life-and-Death Peak was completely isolated from the outside world.

Inside the Godfiend Blood Pool, Meng Chuan sat in the lotus position. His skin was crystalline, and his hair shiny. His clothes were incinerated into ashes, revealing his chest. His body emitted an inexplicable aura as lightning trembled beneath his skin. The Godfiend Blood Pool still had plenty of blue liquid. It was replenished as fast as it was drained. There was no worry about it running out.

I’ve finally succeeded in remoulding my body. Meng Chuan heaved a sigh of relief. He realized that seven bolts of heavenly lightning had been insufficient to remould his body completely. Only with nine bolts of heavenly lightning and the merged baneful aura, did he finish remoulding his body.

He had attained a true Godfiend body. He bade farewell to the Mortal realm and became a Godfiend.

However, there was another important step—condensing the Core Cloud.

Unlike demons that mostly had powerful bodies—70% of their strength coming from their physical bodies and 30% of their strength coming from demonic powers—humans were different. Seventy percent of a human Godfiend’s strength was from their Quintessential Essence. The Core Cloud realm, Indestructible realm, Great Solar realm, Darkstar realm, and Incessant realm referred to the five different forms of Quintessential Essence within the dantian.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 - Core Cloud Godfiend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan looked at his dantian. His dantian and sea of consciousness were similar spaces. They were infinitely small, but also paradoxically infinitely large.

The sea of consciousness was where the Essence Soul resided.

The dantian was where Quintessential Energy and Quintessential Essence gathered. The importance of one’s dantian was in no way inferior to one’s sea of consciousness. In fact, many early-stage Godfiends could not sense their sea of consciousness. The dantian was what they cared most about! Their cultivation would be severed if their dantian was destroyed! Seventy percent of their strength stemmed from Quintessential Essence; thus, they placed great importance on their dantian.

My dantian is much bigger than before. Meng Chuan inspected his dantian with a critical eye.

After nine bolts of heavenly lightning had reforged his body, his dantian had naturally changed. His dantian space was vaster than before. Remnants of heavenly lightning flashed about his dantian. In the center of his dantian space, one could see a white Essence Core. The Essence Core allowed a person to absorb more Quintessential Essence naturally. Even wisps of the heavenly lightning would be absorbed. This caused the Essence Core’s surface to produce tiny amounts of heavenly lightning.

The Essence Core was expanding. Since the dantian space had increased greatly, it could withstand much more Quintessential Essence than before.

I have to condense a Core Cloud. A mortal’s Essence Core cannot withstand so much Quintessential Essence. Meng Chuan knew this very well.

Many outer sect disciples accumulated credit in exchange for a chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. When attempting the Life-and-Death juncture, remoulding their bodies was comparatively less dangerous than when they condensed their Core Cloud. They typically had low or middle-grade Godfiend bodies; thus, the difficulty of transforming their bodies was relatively low. Of course, some still failed, and their bodies collapsed. However, most outer sect disciples failed to condense Core Cloud.

A half-finished Core Cloud collapsing would lead to terrifying forces blasting through their bodies and killing them on the spot.

Meng Chuan’s Core Cloud condensation process was more complicated than ordinary outer sect disciples’. However, he had already achieved Saber Intent for more than a year.

Time to begin. With a thought, he immediately absorbed the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers. In his dantian space, the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers mixed with the heavenly lightning, forming Quintessential Essence. The new Quintessential Essence flashed with lightning. As time passed, the Quintessential Essence within his dantian was being converted. Small amounts of heavenly lightning were drawn out from his dantian space and merged with his Quintessential Essence. In just a short moment, his dantian was filled with rich Quintessential Essence—which contained heavenly lightning. It was like a sea had filled his dantian space.

Boom!

Under the guidance of Saber Intent, his Quintessential Essence transformed into tiny saber beams. Having reached the Saber Intent realm, the condensed saber beams were more corporeal and denser.

It was beyond a mortal’s Quintessential Essence to form such a dense, corporeal saber beam.

The saber beams spun in an orderly manner and gathered at the Essence Core. The Essence Core was transformed by Quintessential Essence around it! The Quintessential Essence constantly merged with the Essence Core, causing the heavenly lightning in the Essence Core to become denser.

Gather! Compress!

Compression increased density. When density reached a threshold, there were two results—One, an explosion! The Godfiend Body would explode into pieces when this happened! Two, control the compressed energy and use it to form a Core Cloud.

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was much stronger than low or middle-grade Godfiend bodies. Coupled with Meng Chuan’s robust foundation, the Quintessential Essence in his dantian was ten times denser than someone in the same realm as him. This made it rather difficult for him to condense a Core Cloud.

Though he had long achieved Saber Intent, Meng Chuan was still very careful. The moment the Essence Core was on the verge of exploding, he fully focused himself on his task. He was afraid of making any mistakes.

Suddenly, a voice rang out in his ears. “Meng Chuan, fuse the Power of Essence Soul with your Quintessential Essence. Your control over the Quintessential Essence will increase by over ten-fold. This will give you greater confidence in condensing the Core Cloud.”

Meng Chuan suddenly came to his senses.

He had been following the Godfiend formula’s methods for condensing a Core Cloud, afraid that he would make mistakes. The formula hadn’t mentioned using the Power of Essence Soul when condensing the Core Cloud. However, it was understandable why. Mortals usually didn’t have Essence Souls.

The Power of Essence Soul gave him greater control over his body and Quintessential Essence. Since his strength increased several-fold, his control over his body and Quintessential Essence would naturally increase.

With a thought, the Power of Essence Soul fused with the saber beams.

Every saber beam was corporeal. It was as though each saber beam was human. The countless saber beams resembled soldiers forming a massive legion and were taking up military formation.

This military formation is too crude. After his control increased over tenfold, Meng Chuan immediately discovered his problem. With a thought, countless saber beams were adjusted slightly. After the saber beams were moved slightly, they became more synchronized! Using Saber Intent to guide the saber beams wasn’t wrong, but he could only control them en masse. With greater control, he could adjust the saber beams individually. The effects from doing so were much better.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

After the saber beam vortex reached maximum density, there was no explosion like the manual described. Usually, one would utilize the explosion’s power to form a Core Cloud.

Instead, the Essence Core—within the saber beam vortex—shattered with a faint bang. A portion of Quintessential surged out, leaving behind a dot of light that was roughly one-thousandth its original size. This dot of light shone like a brilliant star. It produced an invisible gravitational pull, causing the Quintessential Essence vortex to revolve around it. Thus, a beautiful Core Cloud was formed. All Quintessential Essence was sucked towards the vortex.

The revolving Core Cloud and the dot of light illuminated their surroundings. Quintessential Essence outside his dantian space began to condense and surged towards the vortex—forever to revolve and gather at the core.

Over time, the dot of light would gradually increase in size.

When his Quintessential underwent another qualitative change, he would enter the Indestructible realm. However, he needed to have a sufficiently strong body and saber realm to do so. Otherwise, his body would break down and shatter if he forcefully broke through, causing his death.

Of course, previous generations of Godfiends had long figured out various conditions required for each breakthrough. One had to have sufficient strength to break through their current cultivation realm.

I’ve succeeded. With the Essence Soul’s help, it was much easier to condense a Core Cloud. Meng Chuan sighed in relief.

Meng Chuan checked his body.

His physical strength was immense, his dantian was vast, and his Quintessential Essence was pure! Even his sea of consciousness had become vaster. The Essence Soul inside his sea of consciousness was slowly growing.

The human body is a vessel. The bigger the vessel, the more water it can contain. The stronger my body is, the more Quintessential Essence my dantian can contain. My Essence Soul will also become massive. Meng Chuan came to a realization. His body, Quintessential Essence, and Essence Soul were extremely important. They were closely related to each other.

Meng Chuan—who was sitting in the Godfiend Blood Pool—had gone bald. The heavenly lightning had incinerated his hair.

However, the Godfiend Blood Pool’s power made his hair grow rapidly.

“Hurry up and exit the pool. Don’t waste the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers for a few strands of hair.” The Supremacy could not help but shout. At the same time, the blue liquid in the Godfiend Blood Pool rapidly receded. Normally, the Godfiend Blood Pool would be empty. As for where the blue liquid was usually kept? That was confidential! This was a treasure that Archean Mountain would desperately protect.

Meng Chuan immediately jumped out and threw a robe over his body. He wore a look of guilt on his face. His hair had already grown two inches long. He immediately bowed. “I just broke through and accidentally absorbed some of the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers.”

“Forget it.” The Supremacy did not mind. After all, his breakthrough required over ten thousand-fold the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers than what he had just absorbed for his hair.

Meng Chuan was still rather excited. After all, he had become a Godfiend. He was now in the first Godfiend realm—the Core Cloud realm.

“Thanks to your guidance, I was able to condense a Core Cloud easily,” said Meng Chuan gratefully.

The Supremacy nodded and said, “Meng Chuan, the Power of Essence Soul is extremely important during the later Godfiend realms. For example, breaking through from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm is extremely difficult. The Power of Essence Soul can increase your control over Quintessential Essence by tenfold. It’s the only way you can reach the Darkstar realm. If you don’t have an Essence Soul, even if your saber realm is several-fold higher than that of Darkstar realm experts, you still wouldn’t be able to become a Darkstar Godfiend. In the future, you have to work hard on your Essence Soul.”

He valued Meng Chuan because of his Essence Soul.

“I understand.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Alright.” The Supremacy’s figure dissipated, and he was gone.

Meng Chuan stood beside the Godfiend Pool. He felt the immense power within him and his extremely pure Quintessential Essence. He couldn’t help but feel excited.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 - 20th August (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Archean Mountain Lord, Elder Yi, and Liu Qiyue looked at the entrance to Godfiend Blood Pool Cave. Finally, they saw a short-haired Meng Chuan exit. However, his aura was clearly different.

“It’s a success.” Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi nodded with a smile.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue immediately rushed over. Meng Chuan held Qiyue’s hands with a smile. “I’m now a Core Cloud Godfiend. I have a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.”

Liu Qiyue’s heart relaxed; she was brimming with joy.

“Alright, the two of you should hurry down the mountain peak,” said Archean Mountain Lord with a smile. “You mustn’t stay on Life-and-Death Peak for long.”

“Yes,” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue replied respectfully and immediately went down the mountain peak.

Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi watched them leave.

“Our Archean Mountain has finally produced a genius with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body after Marquis Sea Return,” said Archean Mountain Lord wistfully. “Furthermore, he required nine bolts of heavenly lightning during the Life-and-Death juncture. He must be special.”

“I took a careful look just now,” said Elder Yi. “The heavenly lightning and baneful aura in his body are stronger than I expected.”

“Yes.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded. “I also noticed it. He endured nine bolts of heavenly lightning, so it’s understandable if he has more heavenly lightning. However, his baneful aura is fifty percent stronger than Marquis Sea Return’s back when he became a Godfiend. That’s strange.”

“Perhaps Supremacy knows,” said Elder Yi.

The two of them didn’t make any further guesses. There were many secrets in the world. Even they, two Regis Godfiends, didn’t have all the answers. For example, they didn’t know what was at the bottom of the Pit of Bewilderment. Only by reaching the pit’s end themselves could they learn what lay at the bottom. Since Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi hadn’t been able to reach the bottom, they were unaware of its secrets. There were many things they didn’t know about. Meng Chuan likely had secrets, but it wasn’t their place to ask if the Supremacy didn’t tell them.

Many secrets of the human race were hidden by Creation Supremacies from the three large sects. They naturally had their reasons for keeping the secrets.

...

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue traveled very quickly and were in a good mood.

Oh? Meng Chuan? A Godfiend saw Meng Chuan from afar and realized that Meng Chuan’s aura was completely different. The difference between mortal auras and Godfiend auras was too great. He became a Godfiend?

Meng Chuan has become a Godfiend?

He passed the Life-and-Death juncture and became a Godfiend?

On their way back from Life-and-Death Peak to Bright Scenic Peak, seven Archean Mountain Godfiends saw them. Since they discovered Meng Chuan was now a Godfiend, the news would spread quickly

Back Meng Chuan’s cave abode.

“We must celebrate this afternoon. I’ll cook food personally.” Liu Qiyue was very happy as she instructed the servants to prepare all kinds of ingredients.

“Alright, I’ll go to the training grounds. I need to familiarize myself with my current strength,” said Meng Chuan.

“Go on. I’ll call you when the food is ready.” Liu Qiyue waved her hand.

Meng Chuan arrived at his training grounds.

According to records, a Core Cloud Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body should be comparable to an ordinary second Firmament demon monarch. My Godfiend foundation was three-fold more robust than an ordinary mortal’s. My physical body and Quintessential Essence should be stronger than ordinary second Firmament demon monarchs’. The books he read had indicated the strength differences clearly.

Of course, I can’t underestimate a second Firmament demon monarch. Humans have geniuses, and the demons have elites. There are quite a few terrifying second Firmament demon monarchs.

Meng Chuan shook his head to rid himself of useless thoughts. Time to check how fast I am.

Meng Chuan was eager to test his speed.

With a thought, lightning surged out from every cell in his body. He instantly transformed into a bolt of lightning and dashed out of the training grounds.

He was simply too fast!

I’m really fast. Meng Chuan had jumped out of the training grounds with one attempt. He had jumped a height of 300 feet—the height of some smaller hills. This was just a casual jump. Upon closer inspection, his whole body was covered by lightning.

It’s no wonder the speed granted by the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body is superior to all other Godfiend bodies. My speed with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body should be the greatest compared to Godfiends in the same realm.

He circled Bright Scenic Peak before returning to his cave abode. In such a short time, he traveled about four kilometers.Meng Chuan remained shocked by his speed when he returned to the training grounds. He sighed inwardly. No wonder it’s said that one’s speed would match a Regis Godfiend after reaching the Great Solar realm if they cultivated a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. After becoming a Marquis Godfiend, one’s speed can be described as the best in the world. It’s said that in the later stages of cultivation, one’s speed can match lightning.

The further he brought his Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, the closer he was to the speed of lightning. A newly-formed Lightning Devastator Fiend Body granted him speed equal to that of a Marquis Godfiend. It was terrifying.

However, killing a demon monarch depends on many factors.

When I fought Demon Monarch Poison Pool, I used the Power of Essence Soul to move faster than him. However, I could only pierce through an inch of the black fog around his body, even with a Power of Essence Soul-infused strike. I was far from tearing through his black fog. I only have heaven-defying speed. When it comes to other aspects, I’m only at the level of an ordinary Indestructible Godfiend. Meng Chuan understood his shortcomings.

Every transcendent-grade Godfiend body specialized in certain aspects. They were often heaven-defyingly strong when it came to what they specialized in.

For example, the Indestructible Divine Body had the strongest domain and greatest lifeforce among the twelve transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies! One could regrow a severed limb within ten minutes. They could rapidly recover from injuries like an impaled heart. Once the domain was released, it was difficult for enemies to approach them. The Indestructible Divine Body was lacking when it came to melee combat.

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body had heaven-defying speed! However, it was weaker in other aspects. When escaping, enemies would find it difficult to pursue them. When pursuing enemies, they would find it difficult to escape. As for killing an enemy? Their enemy would be hit multiple times before they could even see what happened.

However, I can’t rely on my speed, or I’ll tempt fate! Didn’t Senior Brother Gao Cong—who completed the Eighth Refinement—and Marquis Sea Return—who completed the Ninth Refinement—all die the same? Meng Chuan reminded himself not to be arrogant.

Gao Cong was attacked by over 30 third Firmament demon monarchs and over 100 second Firmament demon monarchs. Eventually, he lost his life. Marquis Sea Return was the fastest in the world, but he died because of a mysterious special mission.

Humans were powerful, but demons were able to suppress humans! Demon monarchs had their own strengths. They had all kinds of strange moves. If they were careless, they might lose their lives.

...

At the training grounds, Meng Chuan executed his saber art.

Under normal circumstances, he would fuse the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence before executing a saber art.

I’m stronger than ordinary second Firmament demon monarchs. Poison Pool should have thirty percent of my current strength, right? I was really lucky to escape from Poison Pool back then. Thankfully, I was good at running and that Dad came quickly. Meng Chuan remembered Poison Pool’s strength and felt lingering fear.

However, the Power of Essence Soul doesn’t boost me as much anymore. Meng Chuan frowned. The Power of Essence Soul allowed one to draw greater strength from their body. Their control over their Quintessential Essence would be exquisite. The only side-effect was they would consume twice as much energy.

When I was a mortal, the Power of Essence Soul increased my strength and speed several-fold. After becoming a Core Cloud Godfiend, the Power of Essence Soul can only double my strength. I also use more of the Power of Essence Soul up.

Having such a powerful body would place greater burden on the Essence Soul.

If I reach the Great Solar realm, I guess the Power of Essence Soul will be less useful? Meng Chuan surmised. Unless my Essence Soul undergoes a qualitative change, this will be the outcome.

...

That afternoon, Meng Chuan ate the feast Qiyue had personally prepared.

Being able to share the joy of becoming a Godfiend was a joyous matter. However, he couldn’t tell his father immediately.

After lunch, Meng Chuan began painting on a canvas.

This painting was for his father. It was an ink painting, and the painting was simple.

First, one could see a family of three—a young father stood next to a mother carrying a child. The child was none other than himself. With a few strokes, a scene appeared. It was filled with memories of his happy childhood. The painting was filled with happy memories of their family of three.

Following that, he drew another father and a boy. The father personally taught the boy saber arts. The boy grew taller, and his father sent him to Mirror Lake Dao Academy. At the Demon-Slaying Meet, the youth became famous! His father grinned and was extremely proud.

In the ruins of Eastcalm City, the young man walked alongside his father. On a giant bird, the youth, his father, and others were led by Marquis Southcloud to Archean City.

The father bid farewell to his son since his son was staying on Archean Mountain.

The final scene was of a bald youth sitting in the Godfiend Blood Pool. Heavenly lightning struck him as he attempted the Life-and-Death juncture.

...

It was a very simple ink painting. The painting was filled with childish joy; but, every stroke contained Meng Chuan’s longing for his father. Since he was young, he had never been separated from his father for so long. He really missed his father! He wanted to tell his father personally: “Dad, I’ve become a Godfiend!” However, he had no choice but to tell his father through a painting.

After spending nearly four hours painting, he wrote a few sentences on the right side of the painting—On 20th August, after challenging the Life-and-Death juncture and becoming a Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, I dedicated this scrawl to my father, Meng Dajiang.

Meng Chuan

20th August.

Final Chapter of Volume—Godfiend

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 - Dao Exchange Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“It’s really well-drawn.” Liu Qiyue only spoke after Meng Chuan finished painting. She looked at the painting in amazement. “Ah Chuan, I’ve seen you paint many times at Archean Mountain. Although the painting today is simple, I think it’s the best you’ve painted.”

Paintings could resonate with a person’s emotions.

One scene after another seemed to come alive.

Liu Qiyue had seen Meng Chuan painting on many occasions. She knew that his paintings were stunning, but none of them resonated with her like today.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. He also admitted that this was the best painting he had drawn since he entered Archean Mountain. His Essence Soul currently emitted a spiritual glow. His Essence Soul was transforming, becoming more corporeal and clearer.

“Qiyue, I’m going to send this painting back today. Do you want to include anything?” Meng Chuan asked.

“I’ll write to my father,” said Liu Qiyue immediately. “Wait for me. I’ll be quick.” With that said, Liu Qiyue sat at her desk and immediately wrote her letter.

Meng Chuan smiled as he sat down and began writing. The painting was a gift for his father. He still had many things he wanted to tell his father. He also wanted to know the situation back home.

An hour later, he got the servants to prepare some silk to wrap the painting scroll and letters. He placed them in a wooden tube that was made by himself. The wooden tube’s interior was hollowed out by a saber beam, making it extremely smooth. The wooden tube was then stuffed with a stopper.

Afterward, he rushed to the Treasure Repository and got Archean Mountain to send the tube to his father, Meng Dajiang—who was at Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Lord Meng Chuan, don’t worry. It will be sent out tonight, and it will arrive at Eastcalm Prefecture tomorrow afternoon,” said a Treasure Repository steward warmly.

Only then did Meng Chuan leave.

When he left, he also observed his Essence Soul. In the vast sea of consciousness, his Essence Soul had stopped transforming. It was much more corporeal than before. Meng Chuan deduced that although the painting didn’t take much time, his Essence Soul had transformed no less than when he painted “Facing the Morning Sun!”

Clearly, the Essence Soul isn’t dependent on painting duration. It mainly transforms when I seek answers from my inner self. This was something his master had told him before. Every time he sought answers from his inner self, his mind and Essence Soul would transform.

The more profound an answer he sought, the greater the transformation.

This painting that stemmed from his intense longing for his father and his twenty years of life, began a transformation comparable to the one after “Facing the Morning Sun” was completed. As for “People Resonance,” he wasn’t sure how much it affected his soul because he hadn’t condensed an Essence Soul prior to that. He only condensed an Essence Soul after he was done painting “People Resonance.” Thus, the increase in his soul’s strength was unknown.

Although my Essence Soul has improved, it hasn’t changed qualitatively. Meng Chuan understood that it was difficult for his Essence Soul to change qualitatively. The perception domain remains a hundred feet big. My sensing range is still half a kilometer. The control over my body and Quintessential Essence is still the same as before.

He was still making progress. Only after cultivating his Essence Soul to the limit could it completely transform. This was not something he could rush.

...

Dao Exchange Peak, night.

The day Meng Chuan became a Godfiend was August 20th, and it happened to be when a Dao Exchange occurred.

“Please follow me, Lord Meng Chuan.” The steward of Dao Exchange Peak led the way.

Dao Exchange Peak was usually split into two areas. One for disciples who had not become Godfiends, and the other area was for Godfiend disciples.

This was the first time Meng Chuan went to the area for Godfiend disciples.

“Lord Meng Chuan, please wait a moment,” said the steward with a smile. “Every time a newly-advanced Godfiend attends a gathering, there will be a simple celebration ceremony. We are still in the midst of preparing. You can head over in a while.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan waited patiently in the hall.

After a short while, a servant nodded from afar. The steward said to Meng Chuan, “Lord Meng Chuan, we can head over now.”

Under his lead, Meng Chuan arrived in a garden. Nearly two hundred Godfiends were gathered there. They were chatting in groups when they saw Meng Chuan being led in. All the Godfiends immediately stood up and raised their cups.

Godfiends and mortals gave people different feelings.

Godfiends had various mysterious powers. Meng Chuan was no exception. He had heavenly lightning and baneful aura. As most Godfiends present had reached the Realm of Intent, their auras were extraordinary.

When all of them stood up and looked at him, Meng Chuan felt an invisible pressure.

“Lord Meng Chuan.” A servant brought over a wooden tray with a cup of alcohol—it was filled to the brim.

Meng Chuan took the cup.

“Junior Brother Meng Chuan, congratulations on passing the Life-and-Death juncture and becoming a Godfiend.” The Godfiends raised their cups and congratulated him.

“Thank you, Senior Brothers and Senior Sisters.” Meng Chuan raised his cup as well.

Following that, they downed their drinks.

Becoming a Godfiend wasn’t easy! They celebrated every new Godfiend that joined their ranks. It had been an Archean Mountain Godfiend tradition for generations.

Many Godfiend disciples smiled at Meng Chuan. Most of them sat down and continued chatting in their respective groups.

“Junior Brother Meng Chuan.” Four men and a woman walked over. They were all Indestructible Godfiends.

“Senior Brother Qiao Yong,” greeted Meng Chuan. “Senior Brothers and Senior Sister.”

Among the five, he was only familiar with Qiao Yong. Since Qiao Yong liked to befriend people, he often went to the mortal disciples’ area and befriended them.

“My name is Zheng Can. Greetings, Junior Brother Meng Chuan. I’ve long heard of your name. This is the first time I’m speaking to you.”

“My name is Zheng Ruyu. Greetings...”

Qiao Yong and the other seniors were very friendly. They introduced Meng Chuan to all the Godfiend disciples at the Dao Exchange. This was also a sect tradition.

Compared to mortal disciples, Godfiend disciples were more united and had a better relationship. This was because many of them would leave the mountain after reaching the Indestructible realm. They had to protect the humans all over the world! Some might never return.

“There isn’t much difference after becoming a Godfiend,” said Qiao Yong. “However, there are a few things you have to remember. Firstly, all Godfiends have to attend the Dao Exchange whenever there’s a new Godfiend. Secondly, on the day a Godfiend disciple leaves Archean Mountain after passing the Nine Mystical Caves, all other Godfiend disciples have to send them off. Thirdly, when a Godfiend disciple dies in battle, their name will be engraved on Blood Red Cliff. You have to be present. Unless there’s a special reason, attendance is compulsory.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

These three matters were very important to Godfiend disciples. Becoming a Godfiend, leaving the mountain, and dying in battle.

“Junior Brother Meng, let’s go. Time to introduce you to your fellow disciples,” said the only female, Zheng Ruyu. The five seniors led Meng Chuan around. They would drink and chat, acquainting themselves with each other.

...

“Senior Brother Wang treated me very well. He often guided me in my sword arts. Together, we practiced our swordplay on Myriad Sword Peak for three years.” A rather dispirited Godfiend disciple drank as he spoke. “After he left the mountain, he spent three years at a city pass, safe and sound. It was when he was guarding a prefecture that he was ambushed by a demon monarch and died.

“The city passes are dangerous battlefields, but that’s obvious. In seemingly safe cities, demon monarchs might be lurking after infiltration.”

“There are very few demon monarchs who have infiltrated human cities. Furthermore, Marquis Godfiends and Regis Godfiends often patrol the world to kill those demon monarchs. The demon monarchs in hiding usually have special motives before they act.”

“Junior Brother Lu, don’t be too sad. Everyone knows that we might die in battle after leaving the mountain. I believe Senior Brother Wang was already prepared,” said the other Godfiend disciples.

The dispirited Godfiend disciple shook his head and said, “I’m only feeling indignant on Senior Brother Wang’s behalf. After leaving the battlefield, he had just gotten married and didn’t even have a child. Furthermore, he even sent me a letter a few days ago saying that he would definitely reach the Great Solar realm in two years! If he had reached the Great Solar realm, the demon monarch wouldn’t have been able to do anything to him. He was just two years short of reaching the Great Solar realm! Because of those two years, he lost his life! Senior Brother Wang was from an ordinary family, so it hadn’t been easy for him to cultivate to this stage. I’m truly heartbroken.”

The other fellow disciples also consoled him, but Archean Mountain suffered casualties every year. Over time, the grief became bearable. However, the dispirited Godfiend disciple had a deep relationship with Senior Brother Wang. He was beyond upset.

“Everyone.” Qiao Yong and the others led Meng Chuan to the group. “This is Junior Brother Meng Chuan.”

Immediately, the Godfiend disciples in the circle stood up.

“Junior Brother Meng Chuan, we’ve long heard of your name after you completed the Ninth Refinement.”

“Junior Brother Meng, I’m Liu Hezhou.”

They also started chatting casually.

“Junior Brother Lu Fang.” Qiao Yong asked, “What happened to you?”

“Nothing.” The dispirited Lu Fang stood up and looked at Meng Chuan. He raised his cup and said, “Junior Brother Meng Chuan, you have attained a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and also mastered a Black Metal Sutra move. You are one of the best among us. In the future, you must kill more demon monarchs and avenge our fellow disciples.”

“I cultivate to kill demons,” said Meng Chuan.

“Good.” Lu Fang’s mind jolted as he raised his cup. “That’s right. We cultivate to slay demons. Just this statement is worth toasting. Cheers.”

“Cheers.” The others accompanied Lu Fang.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 - Going out to Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and his five seniors went around to talk to other disciples.

Meanwhile, in a corner of the garden, Qian Yu, Fu Chang, Bai Yi, and eight other Godfiend disciples were gathered together.

“This Junior Brother Meng of ours is truly impressive. He attained a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body after entering the sect for a year, and he has also mastered a Black Metal Sutra move. He’s in no way inferior to King Calm Sea’s fifth son,” said a handsome youth with a fan wistfully.

“Among the disciples in the past twenty years, Meng Chuan and Xue Feng are indeed the best.”

“Both of them have a chance of becoming Marquis Godfiends.” They praised Meng Chuan and Xue Feng.

As they had attempted to master transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies and Black Metal Sutra moves, they knew how difficult achieving these things were.

Mastering a Black Metal Sutra move without intent guidance meant that one would have to comprehend things by themselves. Cultivation was extremely difficult. According to Archean Mountain, after becoming a Great Solar Godfiend with a condense Essence Soul, they would be able to inherit a complete Black Metra Sutra legacy. Most Archean Mountain disciples were only able to become Great Solar Godfiends. They were unable to condense Essence Souls.

This caused many disciples to be incapable of inheriting a Black Metal Sutra legacy for their entire lives. Without intent guidance, how long would they take to master a Black Metal Sutra move? Let alone an entire legacy?

Therefore, most disciples immediately gave up after a few attempts and realizing they couldn’t master a Black Metal Sutra move anytime soon.

“Everyone.” Hearing the praises from the people around him, Qian Yu finally said, “I once did something embarrassing.”

“Embarrassing?” Everyone was stunned.

“Yes.” Qian Yu didn’t hide it as he said, “Back then, Meng Chuan had been in the sect for half a year, so he wasn’t famous. When I went to visit Junior Sister Liu Qiyue, I happened to encounter Meng Chuan. Therefore, I gave him some advice as a senior brother. I told him how difficult it was to cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body, and that he shouldn’t waste so much time only to fail. I told him to give up when he should.”

“You asked Junior Brother Meng Chuan to give up?”

“Qian Yu, you even asked him to give up?” The others immediately laughed.

“How would I know?” Qian Yu said helplessly. “When I said that, he didn’t have many accomplishments. However, in just two months, he began the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s Eighth Refinement. He has also mastered a Black Metal Sutra move. Just thinking of what I said back then makes me cringe. I feel so ashamed that I usually avoid him.”

“I reckon Junior Brother Meng is coming over soon. Do you want to hide?”

“When he comes, you can go to the latrine.”

“We’ll tell him that Senior Brother Qian Yu can’t bring himself to see you and that he’s hiding in the latrine,” the others quipped.

Qian Yu helplessly glanced at his fellow disciples.

“Right, I’ve decided,” said Qian Yu. “I’ll attempt the Nine Mystical Caves this month. I’ll leave the mountain on the 15th of September.”

“That fast?” Fu Chang couldn’t help but say, “Senior Brother Qian Yu, didn’t you agree that we will leave the mountain together? I have attempted the Nine Mystical Caves, but my strength is still lacking. It will probably take another three to four months.”

“That’s right, didn’t we agree to leave together?”

There were a total of eleven Godfiend disciples present. Some of them already had the strength to clear the Nine Mystical Caves, while some were just a little short of passing. They had agreed to leave the mountain together before the end of the year!

This was very normal in Archean Mountain. If many Godfiend disciples descended the mountain together, they would usually arrange for two or three fellow disciples to go to the same city pass.

Archean Mountain knew their disciples’ strength. The difficulty of the Nine Mystical Caves test was relatively lower for those with average talent. It was much harder for those with greater talent. Although weaker disciples could pass the Nine Mystical Caves, they knew that they weren’t strong enough. Archean Mountain didn’t mind them cultivating on the mountain for a few more months. Archean Mountain would only force them to leave if they delayed for too long.

“I’ve had enough of staying at Archean Mountain. I’ve been here for more than ten years,” said Qian Yu. “I’d like to leave the mountain as soon as possible so that I can contribute to the human race greatly!”

The other disciples fell silent.

“Forget it. I’ll clear the Nine Mystical Caves this month too. Let’s leave the mountain together next month.

“Count me in as well.”

“If you are weaker, cultivate for a few more months. I’ll join you. I’ve been on the mountain for about thirty years. It’s about time I leave.”

Those who had the strength to pass the Nine Mystical Caves test followed Qian Yu—who was spearheading the movement.

After being on the mountain for so many years, who didn’t want considerable achievements? Those who came from ancient Godfiend family clans also wanted to show their clan’s upper echelons their capabilities!

“Alright. Brothers and sisters, let’s go together,” said Qian Yu heroically. “We can’t compare to Xue Feng and Meng Chuan. We don’t wish to be conferred the title of marquis, but we should at least get conferred the title of earl.”

“Yes, become earls!”

“Aim for earlship first. In the future, we might get conferred the title of marquis or king.”

The Godfiends were filled with anticipation.

To be conferred earlship, one was required to make contributions amounting to five million credits! Although an earl was of lower ranking than a marquis, it was still very difficult to obtain the title. Typically, one in ten Great Solar Godfiends would be conferred earlship. They had contributed to humanity greatly, and it was a great honor to be awarded a title.

“We agreed to leave the mountain together. Now, the five of you are leaving first.”

“Who told you to be so slow in your cultivation?”

They were teasing each other.

Soon, Meng Chuan and the others arrived.

“Junior Brother Meng Chuan, these eleven are seniors who will be leaving the mountain soon.” Qiao Yong introduced them with a smile. “They are confident that they can pass the Nine Mystical Caves this year.”

Meng Chuan was familiar with these seniors. He had also met Senior Brother Qian Yu before.

Qian Yu suddenly took the initiative to say, “Junior Brother Meng Chuan, I seek forgiveness for my prior rudeness.”

“Senior Brother Qian Yu, you were only advising me out of good intentions. It wasn’t rude at all,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. He hadn’t paid much attention to what had happened back then. Furthermore, he was very friendly to every human Godfiend. This was because all human Godfiends dedicated their lives to protecting humanity. They would one day go out into battle, and this included Senior Brother Qian Yu and the others. Very few would live to old age.

He had friendliness towards human Godfiends, but killing intent towards demon monarchs. This was his attitude. As long as it wasn’t a big deal, he didn’t take it to heart.

“Haha, Junior Brother, you are much more magnanimous than I am. I’m impressed.” Qian Yu raised his cup and said with a smile, “I will be leaving the mountain next month. You must come when that happens.”

“Of course.” Meng Chuan nodded.

...

Half a month later, 15th September. The day several Godfiend disciples left the mountain collectively.

“Senior Brothers Bai and Qian are going down to the battlefield today. I have to send them off as well,” said Liu Qiyue. Mortal disciples typically didn’t participate in such matters. However, Bai Yi and Qian Yu were both disciples of Liu Qiyue’s master, Marquis Heavenstar. Their relationship was much closer, so she had to send them off.

“Let’s go together,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

The two of them descended Bright Scenic Peak together and headed to Yellow Reverence Peak’s Blood Red Cliff.

Blood Red Cliff was also where disciples left the mountain.

This time, six Godfiend disciples were leaving the mountain together.

“Senior Brother Qu, your axe is extraordinary.”

“Haha, this is an Earth-level divine armament. Among the disciples leaving the mountain this time, the weapon I acquired in the Divine Armament Cavern is the best.” A muscular man dressed in armor held a dark red axe that weighed more than five hundred kilograms in one hand. He waved it smugly.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had just arrived at Blood Red Cliff when they saw this scene.

“An Earth-level divine armament?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s eyes burned with passion. Godfiend disciples could only choose armor and divine armaments after clearing the Nine Mystical Caves! Acquiring divine armaments from Divine Armament Cavern depended on fate and luck. Divine armaments “chose the owner.” Divine armaments would fly to stronger Godfiend disciples, while weaker divine armaments would fall after getting shoved away by stronger ones.

Powerful divine armaments didn’t give into one another. At that moment, the Godfiend disciples could make their choice.

The disciples who just qualified to leave the mountain were relatively weak. Almost all of them obtained Man-grade divine armaments. The chances of an Earth-level divine armament appearing was very low. Although it was based on fate, the chances of powerful divine armaments choosing weak Godfiend disciples were slim.

Only one disciple had an Earth-level divine armament out of ten Godfiend disciples.

An Earth-level divine armament was something that could be used by Marquis Godfiends in a life-and-death battle. A Heaven-grade divine armament would make Regis Godfiends fight for it. Unlike ultimate techniques—which everyone could freely choose—divine armaments were much more precious! Divine armaments were passed down from generation to generation. Only when powerful masters used them for a long time would divine armaments become even more extraordinary.

“The Mountain Lord is here.” The other Godfiend disciples fell silent.

Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi walked over and looked at the six Godfiend disciples who were about to leave the mountain with a smile.

“Haha, leave behind a picture first.” Archean Mountain Lord laughed.

The other Godfiend disciples retreated, leaving only the six of them standing there.

Qian Yu, Bai Yi, Qu Kui, and the other Godfiend disciples stood up and adjusted their armor. Each of them had their own pose. They carried their weapons on their backs. Their eyes were filled with excitement. These pictures would be immortalized for thousands of years! Even when they were old and dying, the picture left behind on the Memento Wall would remind them of their youth just before they left for battle. Therefore, all of them were very serious.

“Alright, the picture has already been taken.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded. “I’ll give you ten minutes to meet up with Marquis Heavenstar at the foot of the mountain. Marquis Heavenstar will send you to the city pass.”

“Yes,” said the six Godfiend disciples respectfully.

“Junior Brothers and Junior Sisters, we’ll be heading off.”

“Haha, take your time cultivating. We’ll have first dibs slaying demon monarchs.” They chuckled as they briefly spoke with the disciples they were more familiar with and exhorted them.

“Senior Brother Bai, Senior Brother Qian, be careful when you’re there,” exhorted Liu Qiyue.

“Don’t worry, Junior Sister.” Bai Yi and Qian Yu both laughed.

After a while, the six Godfiends quickly descended the mountain. Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi silently watched from afar.

“Another six disciples have left the mountain,” said Elder Yi softly.

“They will slay demon monarchs and protect countless lives,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

At this moment, Meng Chuan watched from afar. Ardor and zeal coursed through his blood. He also looked forward to the day he left the mountain. The day he would begin slaying demons and protecting humanity.

...

Every disciple on the mountain cultivated arduously.

Archean Mountain paid attention to each disciple’s progress. They chose the most suitable cultivation path for them and nurtured them to the best of their ability.

Meng Chuan also seized every minute for cultivation. He knew that many Godfiends—who went down the mountain—were fighting. They held up the sky, allowing them to cultivate without any troubles.

One spring after another passed.

Year after year passed.

Groups of Godfiends descended the mountain one after another while new disciples entered the sect every year.

In the blink of an eye, nine years had passed. Meng Chuan had cultivated for nearly eleven years on the mountain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 - Nine Years Later
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Eastcalm Prefecture’s scorching summer.

Meng Dajiang was now the Meng family clan’s leader. The five Godfiend family clans in Eastcalm Prefecture were indisputably led by the Meng family and the Zhang family! Even the Zhang family’s patriarch had secretly instructed his clansmen to be second place amongst Eastcalm Prefecture’s Godfiend family clans. They had given away the leading Godfiend family clan spot to the Meng family! From this, one could see how prosperous the Meng family was.

The imperial government had allowed Meng family experts to take on many lucrative jobs in Eastcalm Prefecture. This caused the Meng family to be on the rise. It could be said to be their most prosperous period in a thousand years.

On the contrary, the Yun family was the weakest of the five Godfiend family clans. The Yun family’s patriarch, Yun Wanhai, recuperated for ten years after Eastcalm Prefecture’s demon invasion. He worked hard to groom his descendants. Unfortunately, Godfiend geniuses weren’t as easy to groom as mortal experts. To begin with, the Yun family had a small population. After ten years, no geniuses were born. Although Yun Wanhai sighed in regret about this, he didn’t hesitate to leave his hometown and return to the battlefield last year. Yun Wanhai wanted to die on the battlefield. This made the other four Godfiend family clans respect him.

However, once Yun Wanhai died, the Yun family’s authority would—without question—drop drastically. It was impossible for a family clan to occupy lucrative jobs forever. The shade provided by Godfiends only ensured that they could live wealthy lives. But with the passage of time, the family’s foundation would weaken if no powerful figures rose up. It would be very normal for them to collapse completely.

...

At Mirror Lake Meng Manor.

Meng Dajiang sat on a chair. He had become even fatter after all these years. His fat and thick fingers were holding a letter. He laughed as he looked at Liu Yebai—who was eating watermelon. He shouted, “Yebai, Yebai, we will be in-laws from now on!”

Liu Yebai put down the watermelon rind and wiped his mouth as he said, “They haven’t gotten married yet.”

“Isn’t it already a certainty?” Meng Dajiang smiled. “Do you have a problem with that?”

“No, I have no objections.” Liu Yebai was straightforward. “I watched Meng Chuan grow up. I’m relieved that Qiyue will marry Meng Chuan. However, Meng Chuan and Qiyue’s letter mentioned that they’re planning to get married after they leave the mountain.”

“Why can’t they just get married on the mountain,” said Meng Dajiang with a sigh. “They’re all Godfiends. There’s no need to care about such customs.”

“Archean Mountain is a sacred land. Even if we go up the mountain, we can’t stay too long,” said Liu Yebai. “The two children wish to hold a wedding and have a lively atmosphere. They want to invite friends from all over. Many of our friends and family won’t be able to go up the mountain. Therefore, it’s better to have the wedding after they leave the mountain. These kids are rather meticulous.”

Meng Dajiang nodded and smiled. “Alright, we’ll leave them be. I’m waiting for my grandchildren now.”

“The matters of their future marriage has to be kept a secret for now,” Liu Yebai whispered. “You know the Liu family wants Qiyue to return home and acknowledge her roots. They don’t dare to disturb her when she’s on Archean Mountain. If they announce the marriage early, the Liu family will definitely make a fuss once they leave the mountain. Although we aren’t afraid of the Liu family, it’s best to avoid such trouble when it comes to joyous occasions like weddings.”

“Yes, don’t worry. My lips are sealed. The matter of them getting married after leaving the mountain will be kept a secret,” said Meng Dajiang immediately.

“I wonder when they will leave the mountain,” said Liu Yebai.

“According to the letter, Chuan’er cultivates a Black Metal Sutra legacy. Without being able to receive the legacy via intent, it’s extremely difficult to cultivate,” said Meng Dajiang. “It’ll probably take some time.”

“The cultivation of a Black Metal Sutra legacy is extremely difficult, but it’s extremely powerful,” Liu Yebai said. “It’s worth it to spend more time.”

“Yes.” Meng Dajiang’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

They knew that they didn’t have much cultivation potential. They were probably at the level of ordinary Godfiends like Fairy Meng and Yun Wanhai; therefore, they placed their hopes on Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

...

Archean Mountain, Myriad Thunder Peak.

Myriad Thunder Peak was one of the ten tallest mountain peaks that were in the Archean Mountain range. It was rather special. The peak produced lightning perennially, and occasionally, heavenly lightning would strike the peak. Therefore, it was uninhabited. Even mortal stewards didn’t dare approach.

Myriad Thunder Peak was too cold. Even with the occasional bolts of heavenly lightning, the peak remained covered in snow and ice perpetually.

A young man dressed in a light-cyan robe was sitting in the lotus position on the mountain peak. He sat at the highest point of the mountain peak. He was above the clouds. There were crackling sounds as lightning appeared out of the void and snaked into the young man’s body.

Most disciples aren’t willing to come to Myriad Thunder Peak, but it’s a treasured land for disciples with a Lightning Divine Body lineage. Meng Chuan slowly opened his eyes, and lightning flashed in them. He then retracted his gaze. I’ve been cultivating for an hour, which is equivalent to cultivating at the cave abode for ten hours. I’ve saved quite a number of Thousand Star Pills.

Disciples with Lightning Divine Body lineages came to Myriad Thunder Peak to cultivate. Most of them cultivated on the mountainside. Only disciples who had mastered the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body would dare cultivate at the peak. This was because bolts of heavenly lightning occasionally struck the peak! The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was forged using the heavenly lightning’s powers. Thus, they were the most unafraid of heavenly lightning.

It’s been so many years since I came up the mountain. I’ve only achieved Saber Soul recently. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

Ordinary Godfiends had no hope of reaching the Realm of Soul. Even Great Solar Godfiends— who cultivated low or mid-grade Godfiend bodies—would typically stop at the Realm of Intent’s peak.

Archean Mountain disciples were famous for being powerful, but most of them only reached the Great Solar realm. They peaked at the Realm of Soul when it came to their weapon arts.

Without intent guidance, it usually took Archean Mountain disciples twenty to fifty years to reach the Realm of Soul.

For example, Meng Chuan, Xue Feng, and Xiao Yunyue. They—who cultivated a Black Metal Sutra legacy—couldn’t inherit the legacy via intent. They had to do trial and error. Even though their talent was extremely high, it was still difficult for them to reach the Realm of Soul.

Xue Feng had achieved Sword Intent at fifteen and Sword Soul at twenty-three. He was considered a peerless genius despite spending eight years to achieve Sword Soul.

Xiao Yunyue had reached the Realm of Intent at twenty-one. She reached the Realm of Soul at thirty-six. It took her fifteen years before she reached the Realm of Soul. However, she still spent less time than most Archean Mountain disciples. Furthermore, she didn’t receive a legacy via intent, so it was impressive. She had left the mountain two years ago.

Meng Chuan had attained Saber Intent at nineteen. He achieved Saber Soul at twenty-nine this year. It had taken him ten years! He had his hundred-foot perception domain boosting his cultivation efficiency greatly, yet he had still taken ten years. If it weren’t for his perception domain, he probably would’ve spent just as much time as Xiao Yunyue.

After I became an Indestructible Godfiend, I pleaded with Master to bestow me an original copy of the Heart Intent Saber Art so I could accept the legacy. My Essence Soul was able to withstand the legacy inheritance. As long as I obtained the legacy, I would have the legacy’s intent guidance! My saber art cultivation would’ve been much faster, but Master said that I could accept the legacy only after I attained Saber Soul.

A Saber Soul that I attain by myself would be more useful when I am conferred the title of marquis or king in the future. Meng Chuan sighed. I also know that Master isn’t lying to me, but I ended up getting stuck at the Realm of Intent’s peak for five years.

He had comprehended Saber Intent at the age of nineteen and achieved Greater Mastery at the age of twenty-two. He had reached the Realm of Intent’s peak at the age of twenty-four.

Breaking through a bottleneck was the hardest. He had only broken through recently.

It’s about time. I haven’t gone easy on my cultivation in any aspect. I’ve also mastered the Lightning Runes. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. I can attempt the Nine Mystical Caves again.

Swoosh!

He phased away as a bolt of lightning.

He flew across Myriad Thunder Peak and reached the mountainside. With a leap, he traversed half a kilometer and landed on another mountain peak. After a few flashes, it quickly disappeared.

In terms of speed, there were probably only a few ancient Godfiends on Archean Mountain that could defeat him. At the very least, most Marquis Godfiends did not have such terrifying speed.

...

Swoosh.

Lightning landed in front of a quiet cave entrance, and out manifested Meng Chuan.

Nine Mystical Caves. Meng Chuan looked at the three words above the cave entrance. The Nine Mystical Caves were extremely mysterious. It was a place where every disciple needed to clear. Only after clearing it would they be qualified to leave the mountain.

He had come here many times over the years. Even if he couldn’t clear it, he could fight freely.

Meng Chuan calmly walked into the Nine Mystical Caves. It looked ordinary, but an invisible force obstructed him. When he passed through the obstruction, he saw a vast world of dark red.

A figure descended from the dark-red world membrane. It was a white-robed wolf demon. The wolf demon even held a scroll in his hand. He looked up at Meng Chuan and scoffed. “Punk, you’re here again? You’ve lost to me seven times, right?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 - Nine Mystical Caves Test
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan calmly stood still and said, “Use any moves you have. This time, I will kill you!”

“Humph, you sure talk big.” The white-robed wolf demon casually threw the scroll away with a ferocious look on his face. “Human punk, you managed to escape seven times, but you won’t escape this time.”

As soon as it finished speaking, the white-robed wolf demon roared—

Boom!

Black winds swept over. Instantly, sand and gravel flew. Some rocks on the ground were reduced to dust by the black wind. Meng Chuan calmly watched the black wind envelop him. Hidden within the black wind were countless specks of starlight that sliced through everything. If a newly-advanced Godfiend encountered the black wind, they would instantly be “blown” to dust.

Even ordinary Indestructible Godfiends would be severely injured by the black wind. They would be reduced to powder after ten seconds in the wind.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Chi!

Meng Chuan stood where he was. His Quintessential Essence armor was three feet thick, protecting him from the violent wind. No matter how long the black wind attacked him, it didn’t chip his Quintessential Essence armor at all. Large amounts of Quintessential Essence Threads formed the barrier, enabling it to withstand insane shearing forces. Even ten thousand thick ropes combined together would be unable to do what his barrier did. Meng Chuan had once envied Demon Monarch Poison Pool’s protective black fog, but his barrier was now ten times stronger than Poison Pool’s black fog.

Why were they called Indestructible Godfiends? That was because, as an Indestructible Godfiend, their Quintessential Essence had undergone another qualitative change. Every sliver of Quintessential Essence was sharp and resilient! Countless Quintessential Essence threads could form a powerful protective barrier. For a newly-advanced Godfiend, mortals could use various methods to kill them. However, at the Indestructible realm, no mortal posed a threat.

Although Meng Chuan was still stuck at the Indestructible realm, his perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and Quintessential Essence could suppress an average Great Solar Godfiend.

“Come on.” Meng Chuan carefully stared at the wolf demon. He had fought the wolf demon seven times and knew its strength very well.

It was a third Firmament demon monarch that had cultivated for many years! The four demon monarchs that had invaded Eastcalm Prefecture several years ago might not be able to defeat this wolf demon even if they attacked collectively.

Roar! The wolf demon’s eyes were filled with killing intent. It had only used the black wind to affect the human’s speed. After all, Meng Chuan had successfully escaped from him seven times.

Swoosh.

In a flash, the wolf demon charged 1000 thousand feet within the black wind. Its claw swiped towards Meng Chuan, trying to tear him apart. It had struck out with terrifying speed.

Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence barrier could block second Firmament demon monarchs’ relentless attacks, but he didn’t dare risk taking the wolf demon’s claw head-on.

Clang!

Meng Chuan remained rooted to the ground. Without any warning, he drew his saber and blocked the claw.

The sharp claw was fast, but Meng Chuan’s saber was even faster! Meng Chuan moved so fast that the saber-drawing process couldn’t even be seen. All the wolf demon could see was that the saber had blocked its attack.

How can he be so fast? The wolf demon couldn’t believe it. It was a third Firmament demon monarch that was extremely fast. Its exquisite claw arts had reached the Realm of Soul. Due to its high realm, its claws’ speed was even faster than Meng Chuan’s saber. Its strength had always suppressed Meng Chuan completely! But, Meng Chuan’s most recent saber-drawing left it alarmed.

Impossible. The killing intent in the wolf demon’s heart intensified. It did not hesitate to attack dozens of times. Instantly, dozens of claw shadows appeared.

The wolf demon couldn’t see Meng Chuan moving his saber. All it saw was the saber appearing to block its claws wherever it was needed.

Clang! Clang! Clang! A series of collisions between Meng Chuan’s saber and the wolf demon’s claws could be heard. Every single attack was blocked, and yet, Meng Chuan didn’t take a single step.

After reaching the Saber Soul realm, Meng Chuan’s explosive speed was elevated to new heights. He cultivated the Heart Intent Saber Art, and his exquisite saber art suppressed his opponent. His speed completely overwhelmed his opponent.

“Do you still have any other moves?” asked Meng Chuan as he calmly stood still.

“How arrogant. You didn’t even use your lightning and baneful aura? You are allowing me to attack you?” The wolf demon went crazy. “You will regret your arrogance.” Its eyes turned blood-red immediately. Clearly, it had gone berserk after casting a forbidden Godfiend spell.

Meng Chuan remained very calm.

If it were a true life-and-death battle, he wouldn’t have let the other party unleash their full power. Instead, he would think of a way to make the other party incapable of using their strength before quickly killing his opponent.

However, this was the Nine Mystical Caves test! Even if the wolf demon had the chance to tear out his throat, an invisible force would stop it before it succeeded.

The wolf demon was a puppet controlled by Archean Mountain, but it didn’t know that. Instead, Meng Chuan cherished the opportunity to fight with the demon monarch. If he made a mistake during a fight after leaving the mountain, he would pay a huge price for his mistake.

Roar!

The wolf demon’s body began to redden. As it controlled the black wind to trap Meng Chuan, it attacked Meng Chuan frenziedly. Its figure blurred as it instantly appeared in multiple directions.

Meng Chuan shook his head gently as a saber beam easily blocked an attack.

When his saber art realm was lower, the third Firmament demon monarch—that was extremely fast—prevented him from demonstrating his speed advantage. However, after he achieved Saber Soul, their roles had reversed! The wolf demon was unable to fight back when it encountered an expert that was faster than them.

This third Firmament demon monarch no longer poses any threat. Meng Chuan’s body blurred as he easily dodged the wolf demon monarch’s attack.

Attack!

A saber beam flashed, pierced through the wolf demon’s glabella and its head.

The wolf demon monarch immediately stopped moving. Without its control, the black wind dissipated as well. The wolf demon monarch stood rooted to the ground as it looked at the dark red world dazedly. “I remember. I remember.”

At the moment of its death, it was finally liberated from Archean Mountain’s control and regained its consciousness.

The wolf demon monarch remembered. It and the other demon monarchs had attacked a human city pass together. It had successfully torn apart a human Godfiend. It had been thrilled and excited. The demons greatly rewarded them for killing off a human Godfiend! It howled as it charged towards another human Godfiend and their companions. However, when a gray-robed female human walked by, the twelve battling demon monarchs stopped. They all tried to resist, but they were ultimately subdued.

From then on, it was completely controlled by humans.

It didn’t wake up until today.

The wolf demon collapsed weakly, its eyes filled with reminiscence. It thought of its homeworld. There, it was a demon monarch of a territory. It was surrounded by countless lesser demons, and he had a great time feasting.

I really can’t take it lying down. It let out a low growl before its lifeforce was cut off.

The ground silently sank and devoured the wolf demon monarch’s corpse.

Meng Chuan watched the wolf demon’s corpse getting swallowed by the soil and coldly said, “You deserve this outcome.”

He did not have any sympathy for demons, only intense killing intent.

Meng Chuan continued advancing.

The Nine Mystical Caves’ test was to kill all demon monarchs they saw! Once they were all killed, they would pass the test and be qualified to leave the mountain. As long as one of them wasn’t killed, it was considered a failure. They would encounter the same demon monarch the next time they attempted the test.

Archean Mountain had captured many demon monarchs! They were for the disciples to kill.

Meng Chuan had already killed two demon monarchs in Nine Mystical Caves. The first was a second Firmament demon monarch—much stronger than Demon Monarch Poison Pool. The second was the third Firmament demon monarch, Demon Monarch Wolf. He had just been killed.

Oh? After walking for a while in the lonely dark red world, Meng Chuan saw a distant mountain tremble.

The mountain—that towered hundreds of feet—suddenly stood up, transforming into a mountain monster!

A mountain demon? Meng Chuan was alarmed.

There were many kinds of demons. Some were uniquely talented. A demon’s talent was mostly derived from what bloodlines they had. Mountain demons were extremely mighty demons; their strength far exceeded their peers.

Archean Mountain’s seniors treat me really well. They made a rare mountain demon monarch into my grindstone. Meng Chuan became even more cautious.

“Oh, I feel like I’ve slept for a long time.” The mountain demon shook its stony head, but there was a strange mountain mark near his forehead.

Archean Mountain Seal? This is the last demon monarch I have to kill for the Nine Mystical Caves test? Meng Chuan immediately understood. When a mountain mark appeared on the demon’s glabella, it meant that it was the last demon monarch they had to kill during the Nine Mystical Caves test. He could leave the mountain after killing it.

From its aura, it should be a third Firmament demon monarch. However, it can kill the wolf demon monarch with a single slap since it’s a mountain demon.

Just like how those with Phoenix and Dragon bloodlines were peerless geniuses among humans, mountain demons were peerless geniuses among the demons. They were famous for their powerful bodies.

When the mountain demon saw Meng Chuan, a fierce glint flashed in its eyes. Its voice boomed like rumbling thunder. “An Indestructible Godfiend dares to come before me? You have a death wish!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 - Mountain Demon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Death wish? Do you have what it takes?” Meng Chuan suddenly transformed into a bolt of lightning and shot toward the mountain demon.

Meng Chuan’s transformation and his sudden charge startled the mountain demon! It had fought human Godfiends many times, but it had never encountered a Godfiend with such speed.

It didn’t even have time to react.

Suddenly dozens of lightning bolts shot out from Meng Chuan.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The lightning bolts struck the towering mountain demon’s body, sending rocks flying!

Oh? Meng Chuan frowned. Although the lightning bolts had shattered some of the rocks on the demon, it was akin to losing a few strands of hair for the mountain demon.

Its body doesn’t even tremble. Clearly, lightning isn’t able to cause it any numbness. Lightning was very effective against flesh and blood. Even if the lightning didn’t cause death, it could numb his opponent’s body and cause them to tremble uncontrollably. In close combat, such negative effects would affect the battle outcome. However, the mountain demon wasn’t afraid of lightning with such meager strength.

The moment he landed, black baneful aura immediately spread out in all directions. His surroundings began to freeze. Mud and rocks were covered in a layer of ice. The distant mountain demon also turned into a massive iceberg.

“Are human Godfiends only capable of such means?” After the mountain demon was frozen, it continued walking. It thought nothing of the ice that covered its body.

Suddenly—without any warning—the ice-covered soil around it flew up and swarmed at Meng Chuan crazily.

The mountain demon constantly formed mud cages, trying to trap Meng Chuan.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The mountain demon saw blurry figures appear everywhere. Although he formed mud cages repetitively, it just couldn’t touch Meng Chuan. The mud and rocks’ speed were far inferior to Meng Chuan’s.

The baneful aura doesn’t affect it. Meng Chuan frowned.

When the mountain demon saw that it couldn’t trap Meng Chuan, it couldn’t help but feel a little angry. The mountain demon suddenly moved like a phantom and tried to step on Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan saw the sky turn dark as the giant mountain demon’s foot landed.

Swoosh.

Lightning flashed.

The mountain demon’s foot missed, and the ground trembled.

Swish!

Meng Chuan instantly jumped up, and lightning flashed.

In the blink of an eye, eight Meng Chuans appeared. Each of them executed the same move. As the sabers stabbed out, they produced sharp saber beams—an ear-piercing sound resembling a dragon’s roar were made by the saber beams.

Amongst the common moves for a narrow saber—cleaving, slicing, swiping, and stabbing—stabbing had the greatest penetrating power. After all, the saber’s might would gather at one tiny point! Meng Chuan used the Heart Intent Saber’s Dragon Roar Stance. This technique’s penetrative power was extremely terrifying, and it was one of the few moves Meng Chuan had mastered.

Due to its large size, the mountain demon could only withstand Meng Chuan’s attacks with its body.

Every strike carved a deep cave into the mountain demon’s body. The caves were 30 to 40 feet deep and about ten feet wide. However, the rock on the mountain demon’s body moved about, filling up the eight caves swiftly.

“Die.” The mountain demon’s gigantic palm swung towards Meng Chuan—who was midair, and unable to leverage strength from anything else.

Yet, Meng Chuan dodged the palm as a bolt of lightning. He circled the mountain demon’s body agilely, reaching its back.

He had used Heart Intent Saber’s only movement technique—Swallow Stance. It made him extremely agile.

Tiger Roar Stance! When Meng Chuan was behind the mountain demon, he instantly slashed out.

The saber beam cleaved down with a furious roar. In the blink of an eye, he attacked the mountain demon 15 times. Every strike shook the mountain demon’s body.

Countless rocks on its body exploded.

The Tiger Roar Stance was the strongest move Meng Chuan had mastered. It was quite strange. Heart Intent Saber’s 18 stances were all named after animals. It was the same for the Swallow Stance, Dragon Roar Stance, and Tiger Roar Stance.

A huge crater appeared on the mountain demon’s back. It was 50 to 60 feet wide, and because the fifteen strikes struck the same spot, it was over 80 feet deep. He could even see the dark red rock inside the mountain demon’s body. There were even fractures in the dark red rock.

That’s the true body. Meng Chuan understood when he saw the dark red rock. A mountain demon covered its body with external rock and continuously cultivated, making the rocks around them extremely hard. However, their true bodies were even stronger. It just so happened that their true bodies were much smaller.

“You actually injured me!” The mountain demon let out an angry roar. Countless rocks moved, and the huge hole on its back rapidly filled up. It was so angry that it produced new stone arms—eight of them. They crazily smashed at Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan transformed into a bolt of lightning and darted about agilely.

He stepped on an arm to borrow strength. With a flash, he retreated 1000 feet before approaching the mountain demon again. He struck out once more.

This time with the Heart Saber Stance! He had cultivated this move the longest.

The saber repeatedly struck the boulders on the mountain demon. The boulders trembled slightly but didn’t suffer any damage. However, an invisible vibrating force reached the mountain demon’s core and exploded! It was the Yin-Yang Blast! The mountain demon’s massive body reduced the Yin-Yang Blast’s power by 30% by the time it reached the core. Meng Chuan failed to see any obvious damage after striking seven times.

“Ah! Ah! Ah!” It flailed its eight arms without managing to touch Meng Chuan. The agile human Godfiend enraged it.

Following the roar, its body exploded.

Instantly, countless rocks shot out in every direction at terrifying speeds. Every rock traveled faster than the speed of sound. This was a devastating attack. If it were used in a human city, this attack would reduce the surrounding five kilometers to ruins! If the mountain demon had appeared in Eastcalm Prefecture, it would have been an apocalyptic disaster.

When the rocks burst out in all directions, a dark red mountain demon—about 100 feet tall—charged at Meng Chuan. It ran with large strides—now faster and more agile.

“Don’t even think about escaping!” The mountain demon was completely enraged.

All it saw was a large number of rocks flying about as a bolt of lightning darted past the rocks. Not a single rock was able to touch that bolt of lightning! It had to be known that these rocks were flying in all directions. Their trajectories were different, and their speed exceeded the speed of sound. This speed was something even Godfiends couldn’t react to. It was almost impossible to avoid all the rocks.

However, the human Godfiend had managed to dodge everything at extremely fast speeds as a bolt of lightning. He quickly dodged all the supersonic-speed rocks—a testimony of his terrifying speed—and left the Nine Mystical Caves.

That’s it? The hundred-foot-tall dark red mountain demon stood dazedly. The human Godfiend was no longer in the dark red world.

“Ahhhh!” Helpless, it let out an indignant roar, and countless rocks flew over from all directions and covered its body. However, the explosion just now had shattered the rocks thoroughly. The massive mountain demon—back to being hundreds of feet tall—had countless cracks over its body. The rocks had turned to rubble. It needed time to recuperate slowly.

Unfortunately—despite unleashing its full might and revealing its true body—it had failed to catch up to the human Godfiend.

...

A bolt of lightning appeared outside of the Nine Mystical Caves.

That mountain demon sure is terrifying. Meng Chuan felt horrified when he recalled the mountain demon’s attack. Those boulders were extremely fast. If I had been struck by one boulder, I would’ve been struck by even more boulders. I’d probably be severely injured.

He had an Essence Soul, and his reaction speed was astonishingly quick. With the Swallow Stance, he desperately escaped the mountain demon and the violent bombardment.

I’ve already tried. I can barely injure him now. As long as I make a mistake, the mountain demon will kill me.

Of course, he wouldn’t really die. Before he was killed, Archean Mountain would save Meng Chuan.

However, Meng Chuan believed that as a cultivator—with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—even if he couldn’t defeat the other party, he had to be able to escape. If he couldn’t escape, he would be a disgrace.

The mountain demon hadn’t even unleashed its full strength, and I was already afraid of fighting its true body. Its true body will only be stronger. It hadn’t even used a forbidden spell. Meng Chuan understood the gaping difference between him and the mountain demon. He had used his speed to make the other party a fool, but he wasn’t able to injure it, despite it standing motionless at times. It looks like I have to become a Great Solar Godfiend! Only then will I have a chance of killing it.

As a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body cultivator, he had to attain Greater Mastery over his Saber Soul to become a Great Solar Godfiend.

A high-grade Godfiend could become a Great Solar Godfiend once they reached the Realm of Soul. A low and middle-grade Godfiend just required them to be at the Realm of Intent’s peak.

One naturally had to suffer more if they wanted to possess strength that far exceeded their peers. He had several more difficult thresholds to reach in the future.

I just attained the Saber Soul, so attaining Greater Mastery of the Saber Soul would take me at least eight years normally. I need to accept the Heart Intent Saber’s legacy. Meng Chuan immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning and flew into the distance. After a few flashes, he reached another mountain.

Moments later, he arrived at Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

“Lord Meng Chuan, please.” Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s old steward led him warmly. He had already received the Supremacy’s instructions and had him fetch Meng Chuan.

Inside the garden’s pavilion, the Supremacy’s long hair draped over his shoulders as he wrote on his fan.

“Master.” Meng Chuan bowed respectfully.

“Do you blame me for forcing you to achieve Saber Soul before coming to accept the legacy?” asked the Supremacy.

“I understand the reason behind your actions. What suits me is naturally the best. The Saber Soul I’ve cultivated independently is the most suitable. With my Saber Soul as my foundation, I can then inherit a Black Metal Sutra legacy via intent. In the future, I won’t be completely influenced by the Black Metal Sutra legacy when I cultivate. Once I’m no longer restricted by the legacy, I can forge my own path and become a truly powerful Godfiend,” said Meng Chuan.

The Supremacy glanced at him and smiled. “You explained it well. From the looks of it, you have been in the library.”

Meng Chuan lowered his head. “I can’t hide anything from you, Master.”

The Supremacy waved his hand, causing space to distort. Two black metal plates appeared on the corner of the stone table. There were no inscriptions on them.

The Black Metal Sutra was forged from Meteorite Metal. This allowed it to withstand terrifying experts injecting their Essence Souls into the metal. Black Metal Sutras were also known as Wordless Heavenly Books. They didn’t have any text or drawings on them; instead, the legacy was contained within. Typically, only Godfiends who had condensed their Essence Souls could receive the legacy. Now, Meng Chuan was slightly stronger than ordinary Great Solar Godfiends, so his Essence Soul could withstand inheriting a Black Metal Sutra legacy.

“Two Black Metal Sutras?” Meng Chuan was shocked.

“One of them is the Heart Intent Saber, and the other is the World Roving Dragon Saber. These two are the strongest swift saber ultimate techniques in Archean Mountain,” said the Supremacy. “Learn them both! Focus on the Heart Intent Saber Art, and take a look at the World Roving Dragon Saber Art. Since you have a Saber Soul, your cultivation won’t go astray.”

“Yes,” said Meng Chuan respectfully as he took the Black Metal Sutras.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 - Liu Qiyues Secret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan held the Black Metal Sutra with both hands and carefully observed it. He couldn’t help but be attracted by it. He didn’t stop it, and his consciousness entered the Black Metal Sutra.

Boom!

Meng Chuan saw a woman wearing a loose robe standing in a vast land. She stood with her hands behind her back, seemingly admiring the beautiful scenery.

Following that, she began to execute palm arts, using her palm as a blade. With a casual wave of her palm, there was a magical power that left Meng Chuan infatuated. The palm slashed a rift in the world! The world was like a piece of cloth. This palm sliced open the world, creating a long rift in the void. As her body rose, the void distorted and the rift disappeared. She appeared above the hundred-thousand-foot clouds and struck out with a palm strike! The immense sea of clouds split open like a hundred-thousand-foot chasm.

She used her movement technique, moving in trajectories that couldn’t be discerned at all. She was everywhere.

There were a total of 108 moves.

The final strike caused eighty-one female figures to appear. They simultaneously used a saber art, causing the space—an area over half a hundred kilometers large—to turn pitch-black.

The demonstration engraved itself into Meng Chuan’s mind. It represented the World Roving Dragon Saber Art’s peak strength, as well as the various profundities the saber art contained.

Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu!

Meng Chuan suddenly left the vast land. He found himself holding the Black Metal Sutra, feeling extremely shocked.

That was the World Roving Dragon Saber. It’s actually so terrifying. Meng Chuan was stunned. As expected from one of the human race’s strongest techniques. It was on par with the Heart Intent Saber Art and the Lightning Devastator Saber Art! There was indeed something unbelievable about it. This saber art was normally executed with a Willow Leaf Saber, and the senior—who created the saber art—had demonstrated the saber art with her palms.

She pushed the 108 strikes to the limit.

In terms of strength, the World Roving Dragon Saber Art was the weakest of the three swift saber arts, and it could already slice through the void with a single strike.

However, in terms of movement techniques, it was ranked first in the entire human race. When one reached the creator’s realm, they could instantly move dozens of kilometers. What was even more terrifying was that one could form 81 embodiments within 50 kilometers of the original. Each embodiment could be the true body!

At this stage, one was practically invincible. Even if an enemy could produce an attack that spanned fifty kilometers, the attack’s might would be too scattered. It posed no threat to the World Roving Dragon Saber Art’s creator.

“This saber art is actually a set of movement techniques. The saber art is only another form of movement technique utilization.” The Supremacy put down his brush and looked at the fan. He smiled and said, “In the early stages of cultivation, one can transform into a roaming dragon and roam the world. Before becoming a Marquis Godfiend, there are very few techniques that allow one to fly into the sky or swim underground. Most of them have flaws, but this doesn’t have any. Supremacy Roaming Dragon, Ye Hong, is truly impressive. In terms of movement techniques, she is considered the fastest human in history.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

Ye Hong was the creator of the World Roving Dragon Saber.

Meng Chuan placed the Black Metal Sutra on the stone table. These were all treasures of Archean Mountain. Meng Chuan wasn’t allowed to take them away. He could only accept the legacy on the spot.

This is the Heart Intent Saber Art. Meng Chuan picked up the remaining Black Metal Sutra. He felt greater eagerness towards it.

His consciousness sank into the Black Metal Sutra.

Boom.

An old man held an ordinary wood-chopping blade and executed the first stance.

Meng Chuan immediately recognized the old man’s move as the Heart Intent Saber’s core to various moves—Heart Saber Stance! After the first strike, there was a flash of lightning before he retracted his saber.

He followed with a second cleave. As soon as he finished the first strike, Meng Chuan’s mind whirled with awe. He could understand 90% of the first move, but the second move was far more profound. After swinging the wood-chopping blade down, it transformed into a violent bolt of lightning! A thunderous boom sounded from a boulder several hundred feet away, but in reality, it was a result of the blade’s impact.

The old man didn’t move at all. His arm didn’t extend either. His swinging of the wood-chopping blade didn’t produce saber beams, but still, it struck an object hundreds of feet away.

The void is distorted? This produced the changes? It’s clearly hundreds of feet away, but it’s still within reach of the strike? Meng Chuan was shocked.

The elder struck out a third time. The saber turned into a dazzling lightning bolt, thousands of times more dazzling than the sun. Then, he retracted his saber.

Th-this... Meng Chuan failed to comprehend. The might of the saber was even more terrifying. He felt like it was much more terrifying than the second strike, but he didn’t understand how it was more powerful. His present cultivation realm limited his understanding of the move.

The elder struck out a fourth time, and a blurry saber projection appeared dozens of kilometers away. The saber projection split open a huge rift in the void. The elder had clearly executed a saber move, but large spatial rifts appeared several dozen kilometers away.

The elder retracted his saber.

This time, the old man focused for quite some time. He was extremely serious.

Rip!

From afar, a large canyon—dozens of kilometers long—appeared.

What happened? Meng Chuan was extremely shocked. He felt a terrifying strike cleave the ground and formed a large canyon, but the elder didn’t move at all.

The old man then began to use the other Heart Intent Saber stances. The profundity of each move was demonstrated extremely clearly. Only after he was done did he smile and look at Meng Chuan. Large amounts of information surged into Meng Chuan’s consciousness! His consciousness rumbled as he completely accepted the complete Heart Intent Saber Art legacy.

...

He held the Black Metal Sutra with both hands, shocked by the complete legacy.

The Heart intent Saber’s foundation was the Heart Saber Stance, which was why the creator had used the Heart Saber Stance five times. This technique was the most basic and most terrifying move. The Heart Intent Saber’s fifth move was as terrifying as the legends said it was.

“Among the three swift saber arts, the Lightning Devastator Saber is the most dominating. The World Roving Dragon Saber’s movement techniques are invincible, and the Heart Intent Saber’s 18 stances will ultimately transform into the Heart Saber Stance. This is the best saber drawing stance in the world.” The Supremacy’s voice was filled with admiration. “Although Senior Guo Ke couldn’t reach the Creation realm due to his body, he was invincible in his time. The final move he created transcended time. Even time comes to a standstill due to the strike. Without you even realizing it, he would have delivered the strike. Therefore, I’m most impressed by Senior Guo Ke when it comes to the three swift saber arts’ creators.

“For generations of Creation realm experts, everyone admits that Senior Guo Ke’s final strike is the strongest amongst the three swift saber arts.”

Meng Chuan was also shocked.

Senior Guo Ke’s fourth move was about the same level as the World Roving Dragon Saber’s peak strength. The fifth move completely surpassed it! It was a strike that transcended time.

In fact, the third move he had seen—that was extremely dazzling—had already distorted the flow of time. Meng Chuan didn’t understand it at that time. He only understood after obtaining the complete legacy. The fifth move was even more inconceivable.

It’s too exquisite. I took nine years to achieve Saber Soul, but mine is truly crude when compared to Senior Guo Ke’s saber art. I have flaws everywhere. However, Meng Chuan wasn’t discouraged at all. Instead, he was extremely excited. The true value of something could only be determined through comparison. Since he cultivated the same saber art as Senior Guo Ke, he could compare their moves.

He immediately discovered that there were many places he could improve on! Instantly, inspiration filled his mind. He felt like his saber art was in desperate need of an overhaul.

“Every disciple who studies a Black Metal Sutra by themselves will discover their flaws when they obtain the legacy via intent. They will advance by leaps and bounds. Go back. You can ignore everything that happens on Archean Mountain. Just focus on studying the Heart Intent Saber,” instructed the Supremacy.

“Yes, I’ll take my leave first.” Meng Chuan put down the Black Metal Sutra and couldn’t hold back any longer. He had too many ideas to test out.

The Supremacy nodded slightly. He had seen many similar instances.

It was the same every time a disciple obtained a Black Metal Sutra legacy via intent. The only difference was that they took a long time to condense an Essence Soul after they became Great Solar Godfiends before they could obtain the legacy.

In comparison, Meng Chuan had obtained the legacy rather early.

...

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan traveled across the mountain range quickly. As he headed back to his cave abode, his mind was filled with ideas about the Heart Intent Saber.

Soon, he returned to Bright Scenic Peak.

“Lord,” greeted Steward Liu respectfully.

Meng Chuan nodded and headed straight for Liu Qiyue’s chamber.

Inside the chamber, a light-red-robed Liu Qiyue sat in the lotus position. Flames burned over her as they formed a phoenix that had spread its wings behind her. Along with the phenomenon of the rising phoenix, the aura that Liu Qiyue gave off was extremely terrifying. Even the super high temperatures caused the surroundings to distort slightly. However, the high-temperature was completely restrained to a thirty-foot region around her.

Clearly, the Phoenix Divine Body’s terrifying power had been excavated by Liu Qiyue after years of cultivation.

Every single Phoenix Divine Body Godfiend was a genius in the Dao of Fire! They didn’t need to cultivate a Black Metal Sutra because their powerful divine bodies contained “fire.” This was a natural ability. The sooner they raised their strength, the stronger their divine bodies were, and in turn, the more terrifying their phoenix flames would be.

Therefore, Liu Qiyue was cultivating a Heaven-level Godfiend legacy. She had received the legacy through intent and had Marquis Heavenstar teaching her. Archean Mountain also made her enter treasured lands they arranged. After eleven years, Liu Qiyue’s cultivation progress had actually surpassed Meng Chuan’s and Xue Feng’s! Of course, if she cultivated a Black Metal Sutra without intent guidance, her progress would probably be much slower.

This wasn’t suitable for a Phoenix Divine Body expert. Based on historical records, Phoenix Divine Body experts cultivated very smoothly. They easily grasped the Fire Dao. Even so, most of them were unable to cultivate beyond Marquis Godfiends! In history, there were only a handful of Phoenix Divine Body experts that had become Regis Godfiends. As for reaching the Creation realm? There hadn’t been a single one!

The special bloodline brought about many benefits, but there were various restrictions.

“Oh?” Liu Qiyue opened her eyes, and the flames retreated into her body. The phoenix phenomenon also vanished, causing the terrifying might to be restrained.

“Ah Chuan.” When Liu Qiyue saw Meng Chuan enter, she couldn’t help but feel happy. “You’re so excited. You went to see Master today and obtained the legacy?”

“That’s right.” Meng Chuan nodded. “After I obtained the legacy, I realized how far I am from Senior Guo Ke. My saber art still has plenty of room for improvement. I need to cultivate now! From today onwards, as long as the sky doesn’t collapse, help me decline everything. Master has also instructed me that I don’t need to participate in any events on Archean Mountain. I have a feeling that I might not take long to attain Greater Mastery of Saber Soul.”

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue nodded immediately and said in delight, “Then I have to work harder. I’ve been stuck as well. I’ve been unable to attain Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul.”

“Let’s cultivate hard. When the time comes, we’ll head down the mountain together.” Meng Chuan smiled at Qiyue. “Alright, time for me to start cultivating.” He couldn’t hold back anymore.

“Go ahead. I’ll personally cook some dishes you like.” Liu Qiyue smiled as she watched Meng Chuan head for the training grounds.

Liu Qiyue heaved a sigh of relief as well. When Ah Chuan attains Greater Mastery of Saber Soul, I’ll show my Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul after one or two months.

Yes.

Her cultivation progress was indeed rather fast. After she reached the Realm of Intent at the age of nineteen, she enjoyed smooth progress in anything related to fire. She had reached the Realm of Soul at the age of 25. Just a month ago, she had attained Greater Mastery in the Realm of Soul! She could reach the Great Solar realm at any time! However, she had never publicly announced her progress. Five years after Marquis Heavenstar taught her, he left the mountain and was responsible for guarding a city pass. She deliberately concealed her cultivation progress, and no one had noticed it.

Since she had deliberately concealed her strength and her attainments in a Heaven-level Godfiend legacy, Meng Chuan remained the “strongest” disciple on Archean Mountain. After Meng Chuan, was Yan Chitong. Liu Qiyue was third.

It won’t be long before we leave the mountain. When that happens, Ah Chuan and I can get married. Liu Qiyue’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 - Three Months
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although it was summer, the temperature at the cave abode training grounds’ mountain summit was extremely low.

Meng Chuan stood there, and—without any warning—he drew his saber instantly. The saber beam transformed into lightning.

This strike made Meng Chuan shake his head slightly. Senior Guo Ke’s second strike could condense the lightning to an extreme. The lightning tore through the void, leaving a trail of distortion in the void. Even the distance changed. A distance of hundreds of feet warped, turning into a distance that wasn’t more than ten feet. With such a change in distance, attacks reach the target several dozen-fold faster. Furthermore, the attack’s trajectory is difficult to pinpoint. His attack is far more terrifying than mine.

I’m afraid I’ll die from one of Senior Guo Ke’s moves.

Senior Guo Ke had demonstrated five Heart Saber Stance variations. The first variation was the simplest. At the time, he had understood 90% at a glance. He understood everything after some careful thought. The third variation was beyond his realm. He didn’t understand it! The fourth and fifth strike was way beyond him.

Only Guo Ke’s second Heart Saber Stance variation was suitable for contemplation at the moment.

Be more restrained when attacking? Meng Chuan pondered for a moment before he swung his saber. His hundred-foot perception domain let him see his saber techniques clearly. He shook his head in displeasure and continued cultivating.

As he immersed himself in cultivation, he forgot about time. Without any distractions, he focused on improving his saber art.

In the past, he had relied purely on words and drawings to cultivate the Heart Intent Saber Art. Now that the entire legacy was imprinted in his mind, he had many ideas to try.

Some failed despite plenty of attempts. Some ultimately succeeded after repeated revisions.

Every time he succeeded, the improvement in his saber art filled him with joy. He could clearly sense his saber art increasing in might, and he became more knowledgeable. This feeling intoxicated him.

...

Days passed...

Meng Chuan only had his saber art on his mind! He thought about his saber art while eating. When forced to bathe by Qiyue, he would still be thinking about his saber art. He thought about his saber art even before sleeping.

He even forgot about his daily drawing! He had also forgotten to cultivate his Quintessential Essence every day! All of this was thrown to the back of his mind...

When he wasn’t eating or sleeping, he practiced his saber.

Ah Chuan used to have long chats with me during dinner, but he’s so terse when we have dinner together nowadays. Liu Qiyue saw Meng Chuan rush to the training grounds alone after he was done with dinner. She couldn’t help but smile. All these years, she hadn’t seen Meng Chuan so obsessed. However, she still felt very happy. She knew that this was a time for Meng Chuan to advance by leaps and bounds. He couldn’t afford any interference.

“Lady Liu Qiyue, someone wishes to meet you,” Steward Liu said respectfully.

“Oh?” Liu Qiyue came to the cave abode’s entrance and saw a mortal middle-aged man. He said respectfully, “Lady Liu Qiyue, I’m here to invite you to Blood Red Cliff tomorrow afternoon. The name of Godfiend, Senior Chang Yong, will be engraved.”

“Senior Brother Chang Yong is dead?” Liu Qiyue was slightly taken aback.

Engraving a name on Blood Red Cliff meant a Godfiend’s death. The engraving of the name was for Archean Mountain juniors to pay their respects.

On the 28th of every month, the Archean Mountain Godfiends—who died in battle over the past month—would have their names engraved on Blood Red Cliff.

“No other Godfiends’ names are being engraved on Blood Red Cliff this month, right?” Liu Qiyue asked again.

“Yes, just Senior Chang Yong.” After saying that, the middle-aged man left respectfully.

Senior Brother Chang Yong... Liu Qiyue frowned slightly. She obviously knew the names of all Archean Mountain disciples of recent years. Senior Brother Chang Yong was a Great Solar Godfiend. He was already 152 years old this year. For him to die in battle at his age, he was considered to have lived a long life among the Godfiends.

Liu Qiyue felt terrible every time she witnessed the name-engraving of a fellow sect member who had died in battle. However, she had gotten used to it after all these years.

Every year, Godfiends died in battle, numbering from just a handful to thirty Godfiends. She had been to too many engraving days, so she could now face everything calmly.

Ah Chuan is madly cultivating his saber art, and he said that he cannot be disturbed. Liu Qiyue looked towards the distant training grounds. Through the courtyard entrance, she could see Meng Chuan sitting there in a daze. I won’t tell him about this.

Not attending the name-engraving ceremony at Blood Red Cliff on two or three occasions wasn’t a problem for the entire human race. Stopping Meng Chuan’s mad cultivation would set him back significantly. Even the Supremacy had specially instructed him not to participate in any matters.

...

Inside the training grounds, Meng Chuan sat still. His mind was constantly in motion, even though he was seemingly dazed. He stood up after ten minutes. After using his saber art a few times, he sat down in confusion and continued to ponder.

He had cultivated the Heart Intent Saber Art for nearly eleven years. This was the first time he had obtained the legacy via intent. There were too many things that required further verification.

Days passed, and he acquired greater insights! His saber art also transformed rapidly!

...

23rd July.

Meng Chuan instantly drew his saber, and the saber beam transformed into blinding lightning. At this moment, the extremely restrained saber beam made the lightning even more resplendent. Through the saber in his hand, Meng Chuan could vaguely sense the fluctuations coming from the void. He followed one of the fluctuations closest to his target and attacked, causing the saber beam to teleport dozens of feet away.

Despite being dozens of feet away, the distance between him and his target seemed to be greatly shortened by following the fluctuation’s trajectory in the void.

How magical. Meng Chuan was overjoyed after executing that strike.

It was truly magical. It was akin to two points. By taking detours, one might walk five kilometers to go between the two points! But if one took a straight path from one point to another, one would only walk one kilometer. Despite the same outcome, the time it took to achieve that outcome differed.

It was the same with Meng Chuan’s strike. When one looked at it with the naked eye, the target appeared to be 30 to 40 feet away. However, when his attack followed the mysterious void fluctuation, the distance between him and the target was reduced to ten feet.

The more condensed the strike’s might, the stronger the lightning. It can even influence the void. Meng Chuan came to a realization. To the average Godfiend, the void was extremely stable. However, when he condensed his strike’s power to a certain extent, the void would distort and warp. The distance between him and the target would change. By following the nearest fluctuation, he would be closer to his target.

Guo Ke could warp his attack from hundreds of feet away to just being in arm’s reach of his target. The condensed strike’s strength, the control over his strength, and the control over his Quintessential Essence were ten times more brilliant than Meng Chuan’s.

Meng Chuan had just scratched the surface of the Heart Intent Saber Art.

Since I can affect the void, it can be considered a qualitative change. According to the books, I have attained Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Meng Chuan didn’t think too much about his achievement. Instead, he continued to cultivate like crazy because he still had many ideas. He didn’t focus on only the Heart Saber Stance; he also experimented with Swallow Stance, Dragon Roar Stance, Tiger Roar Stance, Red Lotus Stance, and Extreme Yin Stance. He had many ideas that required experimentation.

...

In the blink of an eye, it was already late autumn.

Meng Chuan returned to normal on 19th September.

He had tested every idea he thought of in the three months. Some of his ideas were on the wrong path while he gained significant benefits from others. He was quite satisfied with attaining Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. It wasn’t easy to reach the Realm of Soul’s peak. Of course, it was much harder to break through from the peak of the Saber Soul realm to the Saber Dao realm. Many Great Solar Godfiends would fail to succeed their entire lives.

Wonderful. Meng Chuan stretched his back on the training grounds. It’s about time to become a Great Solar Godfiend. Once I clear the Nine Mystical Caves, I can leave the mountain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 - Name Engraving on Blood Red Cliff
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan left the training grounds. When he saw the servants sweeping the cave abode, he couldn’t help but ask, “Where’s Qiyue?”

“Lord, Lady Liu Qiyue left early in the morning. Lady Liu Qiyue recently cultivates until noon before returning,” said one of the servants. The rest were bowing respectfully.

“Oh.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly. “Prepare some tea and send it to my study.”

After giving instructions, Meng Chuan sat down and placed a scroll on the desk. He held down the scroll with something and began to leisurely splash ink. He drew the scene of Senior Guo Ke executing the Heart Saber Stance’s second variation. Senior Guo Ke was very old when he demonstrated the saber art. His body was already waning, but he was ultimately a Regis Godfiend. He was invincible during that period.

He drew very carefully. He drew Senior Guo Ke’s white hair and his ordinary elderly aura. He even drew the wood-chopping blade carefully.

The first time he drew Senior Guo Ke brandishing his blade, he felt something different. It gave him another perspective to the Heart Saber Stance’s second variation.

When it comes to the intrinsic beauty of the move, mine is much worse than Senior Guo Ke’s. Meng Chuan compared his and Guo Ke’s moves with an artist’s perspective and gained a new understanding of the second variation.

...

After a long time...

Upon hearing Qiyue’s voice, Meng Chuan put down his brush and opened the door to welcome her. From afar, he shouted, “Qiyue.”

Her eyes lit up. “You actually came out to welcome me today.” Liu Qiyue walked back with a quiver on her back. “Ah Chuan, I had to go to the training grounds every day to make you eat lunch. What happened? Are you done with your mad training?”

“It’s over.” Meng Chuan walked closer and nodded. “I’ve already tested all the ideas I had after cultivating the Heart Intent Saber for 11 years. I’ve also managed to attain Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. I need to cultivate slowly for now.”

It took ten years to forge a good sword. This was the same for cultivation.

The further he went, the more time he would take to improve. He needed to have sufficiently high perceptivity! Many geniuses that entered Archean Mountain would be stuck at the Realm of Soul their entire lives. They couldn’t reach the Realm of Dao even when they were on their deathbeds. Meng Chuan believed that he would be satisfied if he attained Saber Dao in 20 to 30 years.

Senior Guo Ke had only managed to create the Heart Saber Stance’s fifth variation when he was in his later years. However, he was unable to break through with his aged body. A breakthrough required three indispensable elements—body, Essence Soul, and realm.

This was how life was—it was difficult for things to go according to one’s wishes! One had to work hard to get closer to their goals.

“Ah Chuan, you have attained Greater Mastery of Saber Soul?” Liu Qiyue brought Meng Chuan to sit on a bench nearby. She said excitedly, “Doesn’t that mean you can become a Great Solar Godfiend?”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Actually, it’s been two months since I attained Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. However, all my attention was on the saber art. I forgot to tell you.”

Liu Qiyue said excitedly, “Ah Chuan, I have good news for you too.”

“What good news?” asked Meng Chuan.

“Last month, when I was cultivating in the Earth Fire lava Pond, I found myself very close to the Realm of Soul’s Greater Mastery. I’m getting closer and closer,” said Liu Qiyue. “I can break through within a month; otherwise, in the next five months.”

“Alright,” said Meng Chuan happily. “That’s great. After you achieve Greater Master of the Realm of Soul, we will break through to the Great Solar realm together! We will clear the Nine Mystical Caves and leave the mountain together.”

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

Liu Qiyue’s face turned even redder due to her lies. However, her face had already turned red because of Meng Chuan’s achievement. It was normal for her to have a rosier complexion.

1“Did anything happen on Archean Mountain in the past three months?” Meng Chuan asked.

“Something major happened.” Liu Qiyue lowered her voice. “It happened eight days ago. Scholartree Mountain Pass was overrun, and there were many casualties.”

“Scholartree Mountain Pass?” Meng Chuan was shocked. “That’s a medium-sized city pass!”

Medium-sized city passes were the most dangerous in the world. It was relatively easy for a small city pass to be defended. A large city pass had a Regis Godfiend! For medium-sized city passes, they could be held if a Marquis Godfiend was deployed there. However, there were very few Marquis Godfiends. Most medium-sized city passes relied on powerful Great Solar Godfiends to defend them. They also needed a group of Godfiends to help.

Liu Qiyue nodded gently. “That’s right. The medium-sized city pass was breached. It shocked the world, and the casualties are especially heavy. There were twenty-seven Godfiends at Scholartree Mountain Pass, and Senior Brother Qian Yu was among them.”

“Qian Yu was also at Scholartree Mountain Pass?” Meng Chuan listened carefully and asked seriously, “How were the casualties?”

“Marquis Plum River quickly rushed over. When he arrived, he only managed to save a single Godfiend—Senior Brother Qian Yu! Since Senior Brother Qian Yu was a Great Solar Godfiend sharpshooter with good movement techniques, the other Godfiends sacrificed their lives to protect him. That was how he survived. As for the other Godfiends, they all died in battle. Senior Brother Qian Yu had cast forbidden spells for too long, so his body was on the brink of collapse. Even though Archean Mountain tried its best to save him, his completely collapsed dantian couldn’t be restored, despite his Godfiend Body and shattered meridians being repaired.”

“His dantian collapsed?” Meng Chuan’s heart sank. The dantian space was extremely important to Godfiends. If the dantian space collapsed, there was no way of recovering. It meant the end of one’s cultivation.

“According to Marquis Plum River, Senior Brother Qian Yu was able to use forbidden spells crazily because the other Godfiends were fending off the demon monarchs. He managed to kill 62 demons. The other Godfiends killed over a hundred demon monarchs. However, there were roughly 300 demon monarchs in that fateful battle. Some were elite third Firmament demon monarchs. They failed to hold Scholartree Mountain Pass despite using all its defensive treasures,” said Liu Qiyue. “By the time Marquis Plum River arrived, it was too late. Many powerful demon monarchs have already infiltrated our human world. The other demon monarchs stopped chasing Senior Brother Qian Yu immediately and fled back to the demon world. As for Marquis Plum River, he only managed to kill twenty-plus demon monarchs.”

Meng Chuan also knew that every time the city passes were breached, the demon monarchs would retreat to the demon world. Others would be ordered to infiltrate the human world.

“Being the only one alive, Senior Brother Qian Yu has turned mentally unstable. It’s useless no matter who talks to him.” Liu Qiyue shook her head. “His cultivation path has been severed. All his comrades died on the battlefield, leaving him the only one alive. It dealt him a terrible blow.”

Meng Chuan nodded lightly.

...

28th September.

If Archean Mountain Godfiends died in battle, they would have their names engraved on Blood Red Cliff on the 28th of the month they died.

Today, the autumn wind was bleak as rain poured.

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Yan Jin, Li Ying, and the rest of the Godfiends arrived at Blood Red Cliff. They walked into the cavern—which had gems embedded in the walls. The faint light illuminated the names on the stone walls.

The names were neatly carved on them. Names filled one stone wall after another.

All the Godfiends walked in. Everyone was very quiet and solemn. These were Archean Mountain Godfiends who had died in battle. They were heroes of humanity.

“This time, 26 Godfiends died at Scholartree Mountain Pass. Nine of them were disciples of Archean Mountain,” said Liu Qiyue via voice transmission.

Meng Chuan nodded slightly and followed the crowd.

A mid-sized city pass was under immense pressure, so the ratio of Archean City disciples was much higher. There was no choice. They would be sending a weak Godfiend to their death if they deployed them there.

In front of them, Archean Mountain Lord held a carving knife. He personally carved the names. Be it Archean Mountain, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, or Two World Island, the sect leader would personally carve the names of their dead disciples.

This time, there were nine names. When Archean Mountain Lord carved the names on the stone walls, he felt like he was carving them on his heart. His eyes turned slightly red.

He could put a face to each disciple’s name. This was because he had personally sent every disciple off when they left the mountain. Some were extremely talented with a chance of becoming a Marquis Godfiend. Some were still young.

There was also a pair of Godfiend disciples who became husband and wife...

The other disciples watched silently as Archean Mountain Lord carved the names.

“Rest in peace.” After carving the names, Archean Mountain Lord left silently.

Meng Chuan and company stood there for a long time before leaving one by one.

When they walked out of the cave, Meng Chuan and company saw a decadent man drenched by rain walking over. He held an alcohol flask and silently walked over.

“It’s Senior Brother Qian Yu.” Meng Chuan and company recognized him. As Godfiends, they could easily isolate themselves from the rain. Even if his Quintessential Essence had dissipated, he could influence the Heaven and Earth powers to ward off the rain from his body; however, Qian Yu allowed the rain to soak his entire body.

Meng Chuan clearly remembered. Back then, it was Senior Brother Qian Yu who had provoked him outside Qiyue’s cave abode! As a member of an ancient Godfiend family, he had an air of nobility.

At a Dao Exchange, Senior Brother Qian Yu very frankly apologized to him!

When he descended the mountain, Senior Brother Qian Yu was filled with fighting spirit. He wanted to make great contributions! When he left his picture on Blood Red Cliff, he was extremely high-spirited and full of desire to fight.

Now that he was back, it was as though his heart had died.

“Senior Brother Qian,” someone shouted.

Qian Yu ignored him. He walked into the cave dazedly.

“Let’s go.” The other disciples could only sigh as they left. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue watched for a moment before they left.

...

Deep within the cave.

Qian Yu walked to the stone wall in the deepest part and sat down. With trembling hands, he touched the names.

Every name was a good friend who had gone through life and death with him.

As fellow disciples, they sacrificed their lives for him.

The first time they met the deputy general of Scholartree Mountain Pass—Zhang Lie—he laughed loudly and said, “Junior Brother Qian, don’t worry. With I, Zhang Lie around, I will not allow a demon monarch to touch you. All you need to do is shoot your arrows and kill those demon monarchs. The more you kill, the better.”

Zhang Lie’s large figure with his huge shield vaguely appeared before his eyes. “Quick, run! We can’t hold them any longer! Stay alive! Stay alive! Do it for me!” Zhang Lie frantically held back a demon monarch.

“Hahaha, for me to have a bunch of brothers like you in my life, my life wasn’t in vain. Kill, kill, kill!” Qian Yu didn’t hesitate to use forbidden spells. As he dodged, he frantically shot arrows. A Great Solar Godfiend—a genius sharpshooter from Archean Mountain—spared no expense to kill the demon monarchs as his comrades fell.

...

“Your Senior Sister Yang and I have decided to have a child after we leave Scholartree Mountain Pass two years later. It’s really not suitable for us to have children here.” Senior Brother Yu had once sat on the city wall with him as they drank and chatted. Senior Brother Yu’s eyes were filled with anticipation as he looked forward to the day when he could have a child with his wife.

...

“Junior Brother Qian, you’re still young. You became a Great Solar Godfiend so early. In the future, you might be able to become a Marquis Godfiend. Don’t disappoint us,” said the white-haired general of Scholartree Mountain Pass, Huang Yu.

...

All these people he was close to, companions who risked shared life and death with him.

Qian Yu caressed these names, but his tears had already silently covered his face.

“All of you have left. I’m the only one left,” said Qian Yu in a hoarse voice. “I really miss you all. I really miss you. How great it would be if all of you were still alive. How great would that be!

“Hahaha, hahaha...” Qian Yu laughed and cried like a lunatic.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 - Yan Jins Obstinance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The rain continued to fall as Meng Chuan, and the other Godfiends descended the mountain silently.

After seeing Senior Brother Qian Yu’s present appearance and the nine names that Archean Mountain Lord personally carved, everyone’s hearts felt heavy.

“Sigh.” A Godfiend disciple couldn’t help but slam the boulder beside him, reducing a boulder— that was more than ten feet wide—to dust. He gritted his teeth and said, “How infuriating. I wish I was there. We could have killed those demon monarchs alongside each other!”

“If you aren’t strong enough, you will only be sending yourself to your death,” said a female Godfiend disciple beside him coldly.

“One of me isn’t enough, but ten or twenty will be enough to turn the tables!” said the Godfiend angrily. “My strength presently isn’t up to par, but it will be in the future. If I don’t have the guts, what’s the point of cultivating to become a Godfiend?”

The female Godfiend said coldly, “I just want you to calm down. You need to realize the difference in strength.”

“Stop arguing.” Meng Chuan said, “Cultivate well on the mountain. Once we are strong, we will be able to kill even more demon monarchs when we leave the mountain.”

The two Godfiend disciples didn’t argue further after Meng Chuan spoke. Among the disciples who still remained on the mountain, Meng Chuan was the strongest. He was publicly acknowledged as the eldest senior brother. He had quite the prestige.

The disciples quickly scattered after they descended the mountain peak.

“Senior Brother Yan,” shouted Liu Qiyue, who was walking alongside Meng Chuan.

Yan Jin stopped in confusion.

“Senior Brother Yan, Ah Chuan, and I have something to tell you,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Oh? What’s the matter?” asked Yan Jin. He had been cultivating crazily on Archean Mountain, and he was rather anti-social. The people closest to him were Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. After all, they came from Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Ah Chuan and I will be leaving the mountain this year,” said Liu Qiyue.

“So early?” Yan Jin was surprised.

Meng Chuan nodded as well. “That’s right. The two of us will break through to the Great Solar realm soon! When the time comes, we will clear the Nine Mystical Caves and descend the mountain.”

“Then, congratulations.” Yan Jin smiled. “I’ll take much longer than the two of you. I’m afraid I will take a few more years.”

“Once we clear the Nine Mystical Caves, we will set up a banquet and invite many good friends,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. He had many things he wanted to say to Yan Jin, but he decided against it.

They were from the same batch of disciples. Only Meng Chuan, Ji Yuantong, and Yan Jin successfully cultivated transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies.

Ji Yuantong had vanished for three years before he reappeared on Archean Mountain. He no longer had his arrogance. Instead, he kept a low profile and was more humble. He would often smile at his fellow disciples. After five years on the mountain, Ji Yuantong attained Greater Mastery of the Great Strength Fiend Body. Then, he cleared the Life-and-Death juncture and became a Godfiend!

Yan Jin was much more obstinate and crazy. He spent ten years on the Azure Lotus Divine Body. He was then forced to challenge the Life-and-Death juncture and become a Godfiend. Back then, he had only attained Greater Mastery of the Azure Lotus Divine Body. He failed to perfect it.

It was fine. What worried Meng Chuan the most was that Yan Jin was focused on cultivating a Black Metal Sutra.

From the moment he came up the mountain, Yan Jin chose a Black Metal Sutra—Icefire Seven Absolutes. It was extremely difficult to cultivate a Black Metal Sutra without intent guidance. The only disciples remaining on the mountain that had mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body and a Black Metal Sutra move were Meng Chuan and Yan Chitong.

Yan Chitong had been specially invited up the mountain. He was a young genius who had comprehended Force at the age of thirteen. In terms of talent, he was not inferior to King Calm Sea’s fifth son. His cultivation was slightly slower than the fifth young master, Xue Feng. When he was 16, he perfected the Two World Divine Body and became a Godfiend! Furthermore, he had also mastered a move of the Red Lotus Flaming Spear Art. He was recognized as a peerless genius who could match Meng Chuan and Xue Feng.

Yan Jin, on the other hand, was pitiful. He failed to perfect the Azure Lotus Divine Body after ten years.

The Icefire Seven Absolutes required one to comprehend two sword intents—Ice Sword Intent, and Fire Sword Intent. Then, he needed to combine the two sword intents into one. After eleven years on the mountain, Yan Jin had only comprehended the Ice Sword Intent! Therefore, he had failed to gain basic mastery of Sword Intent. He only managed to become an Indestructible Godfiend by relying on the Ice Sword Intent.

With Yan Jin’s perception, his sword art realm would probably be much higher than it is now if he had chosen a Heaven-level Godfiend legacy. Perhaps he would have already achieved Sword Soul. Meng Chuan sighed. He clearly can’t gain basic mastery of the Black Metal Sutra, but he insists on this path. At times, switching paths can lead to great success.

Yan Jin was too obstinate.

If it weren’t for Archean Mountain having a rule that expelled disciples from the inner sect if they didn’t become a Godfiend within ten years, Yan Jin would’ve stayed a mortal until he perfected the Azure Lotus Divine Body.

No one forced him to continue cultivating the Black Metal Sutra, but he kept at it. He didn’t give up for eleven years! It was rare for Archean Mountain to have such a crazy and persistent disciple.

He had already been advised, and any more interference would only lead to them separating on bad terms.

“Alright, remember to invite me when the two of you hold the banquet,” said Yan Jin with a smile. “I’m going back to cultivate. If there’s anything, you can find me at Fluttering Snow Peak.”

With that said, he turned and left. He headed to Fluttering Snow Peak alone. Up until now, he was the only disciple that lived there. It was too remote.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are about to descend the mountain? Yan Jin thought. They were his only two friends on the mountain.

That’s good also. Only by being alone can one be completely devoid of emotions. Only then will I have a chance of mastering the Icefire Seven Absolutes. Yan Jin coldly rushed towards the Fluttering Snow Peak.

...

“Ah Chuan, I’m a little worried about Senior Brother Yan’s personality.” Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan walked side by side towards Bright Scenic Peak. “Senior Brother Yan is too anti-social and doesn’t like to interact with people. All fellow Archean Mountain disciples help each other, but Senior Brother Yan keeps people at a distance... Others can’t get close to him.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “Qiyue, Yan Jin and I are the same age. He’s already 29 years old. Many mortals are conscripted into military service when they are twenty. Many of them die on the battlefield. He’s 29 years old. We don’t need to worry about how he should lead his life.”

Liu Qiyue nodded thoughtfully.

“The two of us should focus on our cultivation. It’s our final period of peaceful cultivation. Once we leave the mountain, we’ll be on the battlefield,” said Meng Chuan solemnly. This was a much more pressing issue.

“Yes, we’re about to head to the battlefield.” Liu Qiyue also looked forward to it. After cultivating for over ten years, she wanted to leave the mountain and slay demon monarchs!

...

Just half a month later. October 17th, afternoon.

Sunlight shone into the study through the window. Meng Chuan was painting.

Suddenly, a terrifying aura erupted from a nearby room.

“Huh?” Meng Chuan immediately put down his brush, pushed the door open, and rushed out.

When he arrived at Qiyue’s cultivation chamber, he immediately saw Liu Qiyue standing there. A pair of flaming wings appeared behind Liu Qiyue! The red wings fluttered slightly, making her look extremely agile and nimble.

“You broke through?” Meng Chuan revealed a look of delight.

Liu Qiyue nodded and said with a smile, “Yes, after attaining Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul, my control over the phoenix fire has become much more exquisite. I can now condense a pair of phoenix wings. Using this, I can fly.”

“Fly?” Meng Chuan was amazed. “How enviable.”

He was unable to fly even at the Great Solar realm.

Of course, when he reached the Great Solar realm, he could travel a kilometer in a single leap. If he used the Swallow Stance, he could cross 2.5 kilometers without needing to land! However, it was still different from true flight.

“There are countless Godfiends in this world who are envious of your speed.” Liu Qiyue covered her mouth and giggled. “By the way, Ah Chuan, I’ve already broken through. I just need some time to consolidate my cultivation before I break through to the Great Solar realm tomorrow night. What about you?”

“I’ll break through tonight,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ve been waiting for too long.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 - Breakthrough—Great Solar Realm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Inside the chamber that very night.

Meng Chuan sat in the lotus position on a mat with his eyes closed. He had long focused on sensing his dantian space.

In his dantian space, the Core Cloud vortex was dozens of times larger than when he was in the Core Cloud Realm. It spread throughout his dantian region, and there were ten dazzling spheres of light in the Core Cloud vortex! The biggest sphere of light was in the middle of the vortex. The other nine spheres of light revolved around the central sphere at all times.

The Great Solar realm is the most difficult stage of the first three Godfiend realms. He didn’t dare to be careless. The Great Solar realm was a goal many Godfiends sought their entire lives. To Meng Chuan, it was also an extremely important stage! This was because there were many thresholds that he needed to attain before reaching the next realm—Darkstar.

He would fight on the battlefield as a Great Solar Godfiend for many years!

The Power of Essence Soul. With a thought, The Power of Essence Soul fused with the Quintessential Essence in his dantian. He could control every strand of Quintessential Essence in an instant, which made his chances of breaking through much greater.

Break through!

Others could break through to the Great Solar realm without the Power of Essence Soul. Thus, Meng Chuan felt more confident about his chances since he had an Essence Soul.

Boom! In his dantian space, the massive Core Cloud was controlled by Meng Chuan and guided by Saber Intent. Instantly, the Core Cloud vortex imploded! The spheres of light and the Core Cloud vortex combined as one. It looked violent, but it was an extremely ingenious form of creation.

Humming rang out in the dantian as the coalescing power seemed to be creating something. If one’s strength wasn’t enough, it wouldn’t just be a hum but an explosion! They would die on the spot.

The danger of becoming a Godfiend was relatively low. However, breaking through future realms became more difficult and more dangerous. Dying was very possible! Although humans had set many thresholds that needed to be met before one could guarantee they could reach the Darkstar or Incessant realm, there were many instances where their chances of breaking through dropped due to their gradual aging. Therefore, many Godfiends would attempt a breakthrough once they reached a certain percentage of success.

If they succeeded, their strength and lifespans would increase tremendously.

I succeeded. Meng Chuan sensed the changes in his dantian.

The dantian space was pitch black, but in the middle, a sun appeared! It was like the Golden Crow sun in the sky. The moment it appeared, it illuminated the entire dantian region—leaving no spot dark.

The sun floated in his dantian space. The Quintessential Essence emitted by the sun was golden. They contained terrifying destructive power.

Whoosh~

At this moment, the sun in his dantian constantly absorbed the outside world’s energy to nourish his body.

I’ve broken through to the Great Solar realm. Although Meng Chuan was confident, he was still extremely delighted after breaking through. He could sense the Great Solar Quintessential Essence circulating within his body, nourishing him.

Godfiends weren’t good at cultivating their bodies. For example, Meng Chuan mainly relied on two methods to cultivate his body. The first was using Quintessential Essence to temper his body. This was also the most common method. The purer the Quintessential Essence was, the stronger the body would be. The second was to temper his body with lightning. Furthermore, consuming Lightning Tribulation Fruits for extended periods also increased the effects of his cultivation greatly.

The combination of the two was a common method used by Lightning Devastator Fiend Body experts. As for refining new baneful aura, it also partly tempered the body, but it was far inferior to the other two methods.

Even so, Godfiends mainly relied on Quintessential Essence! The strength that was released purely from the body was only a small portion.

Human Godfiends mainly increased their Quintessential Essence quality and quantity—it was the most suitable path for human Godfiends. Compared to demons, humans were born with much weaker bodies! In terms of perception and intelligence, humans were generally much better than demons. The path of cultivation emphasized focusing on one’s strengths to become stronger! Therefore, there were relatively low requirements for physique, but high requirements for their Quintessential Essence.

The body was limited, but Quintessential Essence was limitless!

...

Liu Qiyue—who had been sitting outside all this while—immediately stood up when she heard the door open. Seeing Meng Chuan’s smile, she smiled happily. “Ah Chuan, how do you feel now that you are a Great Solar Godfiend?”

“Great Solar Quintessential Essence is much stronger than Indestructible Quintessential Essence.” Meng Chuan extended his finger, and a wisp of golden Quintessential Essence appeared. His Quintessential Essence was filled with infinite sharpness.

“I’ll give it a try.” Liu Qiyue was also filled with anticipation. Amongst the disciples who were still on the mountain, Meng Chuan was the only one who had reached the Great Solar realm! This was because most Archean Mountain disciples left the mountain as Indestructible Godfiends.

“Okay.” Meng Chuan walked out of the room to the courtyard and flicked his finger.

A beam of golden light shot into the night sky. When it reached 1000 feet high, it exploded with a boom with a thought from Meng Chuan. The produced shock waves could be vaguely sensed 1000 feet away.

“Without using any Saber Intent, a mere wisp of Quintessential Essence is this powerful?” Liu Qiyue was also shocked. “If you were to unleash your full strength, you might be able to turn an area spanning a few kilometers to ruins instantly.”

“Great Solar Godfiends’ Quintessential Essence is famous for being domineering,” said Meng Chuan. “With my perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and a rather robust Godfiend foundation, my Great Solar Quintessential Essence should be at least ten times stronger than ordinary Great Solar Godfiends.”

There were also geniuses at the Great Solar realm. For Xue Feng, in terms of Quintessential Essence purity, he was in no way inferior to Meng Chuan. For instance, the mountain demon was much stronger than a typical third Firmament demon monarch!

“Even when I break through to the Great Solar realm, my Quintessential Essence will still be inferior to yours,” Liu Qiyue said with a smile.

“The Phoenix Divine Body is strong due to the phoenix flames. It never relied on Quintessential Essence,” said Meng Chuan with a sigh. The penetrative power of Qiyue’s arrows and other aspects were secondary. The phoenix flames that infused her arrows were the true horror.

“But I don’t have a way to deal with your speed. If I were to fight you, I would definitely lose. I wouldn’t even be able to escape,” said Liu Qiyue. Although she could fly, it required time for her to widen the distance between them! With Meng Chuan’s terrifying speed—even if she flew into the air—Meng Chuan would be able to catch up to her in a single leap since he could jump over a kilometer high! It was too difficult to escape Meng Chuan.

“Therefore, with me protecting you, no one can hurt you,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

...

The next night, Liu Qiyue also broke through. In fact, Liu Qiyue—who had attained Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul for months—had made ample preparations. Thus, she successfully entered the Great Solar realm.

The duo was also filled with joy and anticipation as their departure from the mountain approached.

...

19th October, in front of the Nine Mystical Caves.

“Go in. I’ll wait for your good news,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Don’t worry. I’ll definitely be able to clear the Nine Mystical Caves,” Meng Chuan said confidently. He turned around and headed deeper into the cave.

As he advanced, an invisible force obstructed him. After passing through this barrier, he saw the vast dark-red world.

A world appearing inside a mountain. I wonder how Archean Mountain did it. As the oldest sect of the human race, Archean Mountain indeed had many mysterious places.

Meng Chuan moved forward with extreme familiarity. A moment later, he saw a familiar mountain towering hundreds of feet. The mountain began to tremble. The entire mountain completely stood up, and an enormous, ugly head grew out. It was the mountain demon.

There was an Archean Mountain mark near the mountain demon’s forehead.

“You dare to come again?” The mountain demon stared at Meng Chuan, its eyes filled with anger.

“Why wouldn’t I dare? You didn’t injure me last time,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

This smile enraged the mountain demon. It said in a deep voice, “So you’ve become a Great Solar Godfiend. Do you think you can defeat me just because you broke through? I’ve already killed three Great Solar Godfiends. You will be the fourth.”

Meng Chuan’s gaze turned cold.

He had long guessed that such a powerful third Firmament demon monarch would’ve killed many Godfiends.

“Use any moves you have. Don’t begrudge me when I kill you later if you didn’t unleash your full strength.” Meng Chuan said coldly.

“How arrogant. Your movement technique is not bad, but that’s all. Your current speed is useless in front of me.” The mountain demon’s killing intent surged. “Die!”

As soon as it finished speaking, the mountain demon’s thick outer body disintegrated. Soon countless rocks floated in the air and revealed the mountain’s true dark-red body. It was roughly 100 feet tall.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

After the rocks floated up, they shot towards Meng Chuan in an attempt to overwhelm him! These rocks were part of the mountain demon’s outer body. They were extremely hard. Furthermore, the mountain demon controlled these rocks with great skill.

Although they couldn’t compare to the self-destructive attack the mountain had used last time, the rocks were still moving at supersonic speeds.

Meng Chuan—who was bombarded by the supersonic rocks—suffered a drastic drop in speed. Even so, he was still as fast as a first Firmament demon monarch.

“Is your movement technique still useful in my domain?” The dark-red mountain demon charged over. It began moving faster as it charged into the countless rocks, heading straight for Meng Chuan.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan was shocked when he saw the dark-red mountain demon rush over with countless rocks.

The rocks spread out and enveloped an area spanning over a kilometer. This area was the mountain demon’s domain. The dark-red mountain demon flew to the center of the domain.

If Meng Chuan wanted to engage in close combat with the mountain demon, he would be surrounded by countless rocks! It would be very difficult for him to unleash his speed under such circumstances.

Clearly, the mountain demon discovered Meng Chuan’s weakness after their last exchange! The moment he attacked, the rocks on his outer body detached and formed a domain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 - Essence Soul Mystic Technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The dark-red mountain demon was extremely confident as it brought the countless rocks to form its domain. “As long as you enter my domain, you won’t be able to escape.”

Meng Chuan stood there without moving as he glanced at the countless rocks around him coldly. He stared at the dark-red mountain demon.

“Go!” With a thought from the dark-red mountain demon, its demonic energy surged as it controlled the countless rocks. All of them gathered towards Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan remained motionless. He finally moved just before the countless rocks reached him.

Roar—

The dark-red world seemed to echo an ancient beast’s roar as terrifying saber beams erupted. In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan executed Tiger Roar Stance nineteen times. This was Meng Chuan’s most terrifying attack. With his current strength as a Great Solar Godfiend, he was far stronger than the last time he had executed the Heart Intent Saber Art’s moves.

Every saber beam tore through countless rocks. Instantly, powder scattered. The area one kilometer around him was reduced to dust. There weren’t any rocks left.

A terrifying series of explosions took place! Even if a saber beam didn’t hit the rocks, they would still be blasted to smithereens from the “explosions” generated by the saber beams.

What? The mountain demon—that was charging at high speed—suddenly slowed down as it stared in shock.

Almost 60% of the rocks that once formed its outer body were completely destroyed! Meng Chuan stood in an empty area, holding a long saber in one hand as he stared coldly at the mountain demon. “This is your domain?”

How is he so much stronger? The mountain demon was shocked. Even if one went from the Indestructible realm to the Great Solar realm, one’s strength would usually only increase by a few-fold. Why was it struck with terror?

“How weak.” Meng Chuan sneered as he transformed into a bolt of lightning and charged forward.

Not good. The dark-red mountain demon was alarmed.

As there were no rocks within half a kilometer of Meng Chuan, the mountain demon wasn’t able to stop him with its domain.

Close combat? I love melee combat! Although the dark-red mountain demon was alarmed, it wasn’t afraid. It revealed eight arms and charged towards Meng Chuan.

“Die!” When it approached the bolt of lightning, six of its arms flailed rampantly. It attacked Meng Chuan with claws, palms, or fists. Each of its arms contained incomparably terrifying power. One strike could reduce ordinary Great Solar Godfiends to smithereens. Meng Chuan—who had manifested as lightning incarnate—frowned slightly. He didn’t wish to fight his opponent head-on.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan turned around decisively, avoiding the dark-red mountain demon’s attacks.

What? With the six arms failing to connect with Meng Chuan, the dark-red mountain demon was enraged.

Blurry figures surrounded the dark-red mountain demon. They each drew their sabers and swung at the mountain demon. Saber beams—that generated a dragon’s roar—were produced by each figure.

The dark-red mountain demon wanted to block the saber beams with its eight arms, but it discovered that every strike produced dazzling lightning. They stabbed at its body, instantly warping space via void distortions! The dark-red mountain demon didn’t even have time to block.

Twelve consecutive strikes! Each strike had bizarre trajectories. With each strike distorting the void, the mountain demon failed to block a single strike. The saber beams contained terrifying penetrative power. The mountain demon’s true body couldn’t withstand them, and it was completely penetrated.

Following the dragon’s roar, twelve holes appeared in the mountain demon’s body. Every saber beam had penetrated its body, and even its head had been pierced through! However, the mountain demon continued staring at Meng Chuan. “Human Godfiend, I’ve really underestimated you.” Its demonic powers erupted suddenly. The mountain demon’s strength increased greatly. It transformed into a red phantom and charged towards Meng Chuan.

Although it was stronger, the twelve holes in its body healed extremely slowly.

To kill a mountain demon, I need to destroy its true body’s core. Great Solar Godfiends had tenacious vitality. They were able to survive their hearts being pierced. As for demon monarchs who mainly cultivated their bodies, their vitality was generally stronger than humans.

A powerful Quintessential Essence expert had many mystical moves. The power unleashed by them was even more terrifying.

Demon powerhouses had stronger bodies, as well as various bizarre techniques that originated from their bloodlines.

“Die.” The mountain demon cast forbidden spells and lunged at Meng Chuan.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan phased away, dodging the attack easily. He appeared behind the mountain demon. A saber beam transformed into blinding lightning, caused the void to distort, and pierced through the mountain demon’s back.

He had executed the Heart Saber Stance.

Boom!

After the saber beam struck, the Yin-Yang blast passed through the mountain demon’s body, quickly reaching its core Lifestone before exploding! The Lifestone trembled violently, shattering into dozens of pieces.

“No—” The mountain demon’s eyes widened. It wanted to deliver some indignant last words, but it lost its vitality rapidly. Following that, it fell to the ground. With the loss of its life force, it began to regain consciousness after Archean Mountain’s control over it was removed.

So I was captured long ago? I was captured to be a sparring partner for human Godfiends? The mountain demon came to a realization. Regardless of whether he met Meng Chuan or not, its fate had long been decided.

After Meng Chuan killed the mountain demon, he saw the mountain demon’s surface darken, turning into dead rock.

He didn’t feel any sense of achievement after killing the demon monarch. After all, it had long been controlled by Archean Mountain!

If he wanted to kill demons, he had to go to the battlefield and fight!

Oh? Meng Chuan looked ahead as the dark-red world warped into a cave exit. Nine Mystical Caves’ exit? I’ve finally cleared the Nine Mystical Caves. Meng Chuan strode out. According to the Archean Mountain’s setup, the defeated cultivators would usually return to the entrance. Only by clearing the test would an exit appear.

He walked out of the cave. He immediately saw a sea of flowers. A sea of flowers growing during late autumn was very rare.

This was a sea of purple flowers.

“Ah Chuan.” In the sea of flowers, Liu Qiyue stood there and smiled at Meng Chuan.

“I’ve cleared it. It will be your turn tomorrow,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

He was very confident about Qiyue’s abilities. The opponents that Archean Mountain arranged for their disciples were meticulously decided.

For example, Meng Chuan would defeat the mountain demon with his speed alone as long as he reached the Great Solar realm. No matter how strong the mountain demon was, it wouldn’t be able to touch Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan could unleash a barrage of attacks at the mountain demon. He was destined for victory. If he didn’t become a Great Solar Godfiend, he would’ve found it very difficult to destroy the mountain demon’s external body, much less its true body. It was even harder to destroy the core Lifestone within its true body.

Archean Mountain wanted Meng Chuan to experience the might of third Firmament demon monarchs. They also forced Meng Chuan to reach the Great Solar realm before he could descend the mountain.

It had been the same for Xue Feng. He only cleared the Nine Mystical Caves test after attaining Greater Mastery over Sword Soul and the Great Solar realm.

...

Liu Qiyue also succeeded the next day.

The duo arrived at Impartation Pavilion.

“Elder Yi.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue bowed respectfully.

Elder Yi sat cross-legged on a mat, smiling as he looked at the duo in front of him. This was a pair of youths he appreciated very much. They were top-notch Godfiends groomed by Archean Mountain! Although they were still young, they were extremely powerful. As long as they experienced more battles, they would grow quickly and begin protecting their own city passes.

“Congratulations to the two of you for clearing the Nine Mystical Caves. When you leave the mountain, you will experience life-and-death battles. The two of you have to support each other. You have to be careful when you enter the battlefield. Do not be rash. You two have too little experience on the battlefield,” instructed Elder Yi.

Liu Qiyue smiled and said, “Elder, the two of us will be very careful. I will also keep an eye on Ah Chuan.”

Meng Chuan smiled.

“The two of you need to keep an eye out for each other,” said Elder Yi with a smile as he took out three books from the side. “This is the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s second volume and the Phoenix Divine Body’s second volume. The last book is a mystical technique for cultivating an Essence Soul.”

Elder Yi handed the three books to Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Upon reaching the Great Solar realm, they could obtain the complete Godfiend body formula! Furthermore, they would obtain an Essence Soul mystic technique.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 - Nine Levels of the Essence Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The three books were ordinary books. There was no intent legacy. Intent legacies for transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies were too powerful. A Great Solar Godfiend needed an Essence Soul to withstand the intent guidance.

“The Godfiend formulas have been given. After you condense an Essence Soul, you can return to view the original copies of your Godfiend formulas and accept the legacy via intent,” said Elder Yi. “There are only text descriptions regarding the Darkstar and Incessant realm. Only by obtaining the intent legacy, will you know the details clearly. Then, your chances of breaking through will be much greater.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

“Actually, even if you condense an Essence Soul, there’s no need to rush back,” said Elder Yi. “The books are very detailed about the requirements for becoming a Darkstar Godfiend. It wouldn’t be too late for you to return to receive the intent legacy when you have nearly met every requirement.”

“Understood.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

“Elder Yi,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Does this Essence Soul mystic technique have an intent legacy? Or is it also an ordinary book?”

“There is no intent legacy,” said Elder Yi. “The Essence Soul is mysterious and unfathomable. Before it is condensed, it can’t even be sensed via inner sight. The so-called Essence Soul mystic technique is something that took generations of human experts to create. It’s still very crude. There’s no need for an intent legacy.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

From his talks with his master—the Supremacy—he learned that improving one’s Essence Soul required one to enter the Realm of Dao. Once they reached the Realm of Dao, they could seek answers from their inner selves. Every time one sought answers, their Essence Soul would transform.

As for the Essence Soul mystic technique? The cultivation effects were lacking even after one cultivated it for long periods. Otherwise, many Great Solar Godfiends would’ve condensed Essence Souls.

Meng Chuan flipped through the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s second volume. Apart from the lack of an intent legacy, the descriptions were rather detailed.

Three important aspects are required to breakthrough: physical Quintessential Essence, weapon art realm, and Essence Soul. Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

A body’s vitality was very important. Therefore, the higher one’s age, the lower the chances of breaking through. Archean Mountain required their disciples to become Godfiends before the age of 30. Past 30, their mortal body’s vitality would constantly decline. Their chances of breaking through would be lower.

A Great Solar Godfiend could live for 200 years. They would maintain peak vitality until they reached 60 years of age. Once they were 60, their vitality would decrease rapidly. If Godfiends used forbidden spells repeatedly, they would cause irreparable damage to their bodies. It was possible that their vitality would decline at the age of fifty.

Therefore, one needed to seize every moment when it came to cultivation. One had to become strong as soon as possible! There was no hope of breaking through when one was older.

This was only one aspect of vitality.

There were different types of physical Quintessential Essence, such as Body Tempering Quintessential Essence, Great Solar Quintessential Essence, and so on.

...

After flipping through the book, he had a rough idea about Darkstar and Incessant Godfiends. He knew the general requirements for each realm and realized how powerful a higher-realm Godfiend was!

It’s indeed impossible to defeat a Marquis Godfiend at the Great Solar realm. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly. The gap between a Great Solar Godfiend and a Darkstar Godfiend was too great.

It was like comparing mortals with Godfiends. It was also like comparing a newly-advanced Core Cloud Godfiend and a Great Solar Godfiend.

Therefore, if one encounters a fourth Firmament demon monarch, there’s only one thing to do—escape! Over the past 800 years, many demon monarchs had infiltrated the human world. However, there were very few fourth Firmament demon monarchs. In comparison, the Skydemon Sect posed a greater threat. This was because the Skydemon Sect was formed by human traitors. The Skydemon Sect had two fifth Firmament Skydemons.

However, there was no need to worry. Archean Mountain, Two World Island, and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven—the three supreme human sects—constantly pursued the Skydemon Sect. If a fifth Firmament Skydemon showed themselves, not only would Regis Godfiends take action, even a Creation Supremacy would attack.

Therefore, Skydemons similarly hid. The Skydemon Sect was far inferior to the three sects; thus, they couldn’t fight them head-on. Typically, Skydemons only took action if they had a plan.

Essence Soul mystic technique. Meng Chuan read quickly. After reading the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s second volume, he picked up the Essence Soul mystic technique book and flipped through it.

Huh? Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up.

In the history of the human race, the births of outstanding geniuses resulted in a detailed explanation of the Essence Soul.

The Essence Soul was split into nine levels—Corporeal, Kinesis, Nightroaming, Soul Separation, Possession, Indestructible, World, Tribulation Transcendence, and Eternal.

When one first condensed an Essence Soul, one could see it with their inner sight. This was the Essence Soul’s first manifestation, and also the first stage. To become a Darkstar Godfiend, one’s Essence Soul had to reach the Corporeal stage. Many Great Solar Godfiends couldn’t reach this stage even if they wished for it! Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul was at the Corporeal stage.

Nightroaming—the third level of the Essence Soul—was the requirement to reach the Incessant realm! The other requirements weren’t as important, but the Essence Soul had to reach this stage.

Possession—the fifth level of the Essence Soul—was necessary to reach the Creation realm.

The Creation realm was also the highest realm for human Godfiends. In humanity’s long history, most Creation realm experts’ Essence Souls reached the Possession or Indestructible stage. It was extremely rare for one’s Essence Soul to reach the World stage. The strongest Essence Soul in human history reached the eighth level—Tribulation Transcendence. The ninth level—Eternal—was a conjecture. It was a realm created by seniors of the human race through incomplete information.

Once an Essence Soul reached the Eternal stage, one would not be restricted by their physical body and obtain eternal life. Of course, this was just theoretical.

It turns out I’m only at the Essence Soul’s first level. Meng Chuan flipped through the book. There were Essence Soul cultivation techniques and various mystic techniques concerning the Essence Soul.

The Essence Soul mystic technique was very crude. He just had to use his physical Quintessential Essence to nurture his Essence soul. One needed time to slowly nurture their souls. This method allowed one’s soul to condense slowly. After a long period, it might become an Essence Soul.

This method was only supplementary. The best method to strengthen one’s Essence Soul was to reach the Realm of Dao and seek answers from one’s inner self.

Most experts relied on reaching the Realm of Dao with their weapon arts to seek answers from their inner selves. As for relying on painting, playing the zither, calligraphy, forging, etc., there were fewer ways to seek answers from one’s inner self. However, there had been instances in history. Every time there was one, their Essence Souls often grew relatively quickly.

Why was it difficult for a Great Solar Godfiend to condense an Essence Soul? This was because most of them had yet to reach the Realm of Dao. They had no way to seek answers from their inner selves! It was naturally difficult to condense one.

When one’s Essence Soul is at the Nightroaming stage, one can enter dreams. At the Soul Separation stage, they can separate a portion of their Essence Soul and attach it to a person or object. At the Possession stage? When it’s difficult to heal the damage to one’s body, they can choose a mortal body for possession. After possessing the body, they are only able to cultivate to their original realm, unable to make any further breakthroughs.

Meng Chuan studied the book carefully. It was obvious that the influence the Essence Soul had on one’s strength was very small. There were some strange mystic techniques at most.

Most Marquis Godfiends were at the Essence Soul’s first level. A small number of them were at the second level. A first-stage Essence Soul barely increased a Marquis Godfiend’s strength by ten percent. Of course, the exception was if one had an extremely powerful Essence Soul. Otherwise, it would be of limited help to a Godfiend.

...

After Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue finished reading the books, they left the Impartation Pavilion and went to the Treasure Repository with Elder Yi.

“Every disciple can receive free treasures and credit for twenty years. If they leave the mountain early, they can collect the remaining treasures and credit at one go,” said Elder Yi with a smile. “The both of you can still receive many treasures.”

With that said, Elder Yi walked into the Treasure Repository. The stewards and servants in the Treasure Repository bowed respectfully.

“Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue have already cleared the Nine Mystical Caves and are preparing to descend the mountain. Prepare all the treasures they should receive,” instructed Elder Yi.

“Yes.” The stewards immediately began to calculate.

Meng Chuan joined Archean Mountain after the entrance examination. On the other hand, Liu Qiyue came up the mountain earlier in the year! This meant that Liu Qiyue had stayed on the mountain for a longer period.

After calculating, the stewards quickly prepared the treasures and gave them to Meng Chuan.

“Lord Meng Chuan, there are 1100 Thousand Star Pills in this gourd. It’s the exact amount you would receive in the next nine years.” A cyan-robed steward respectfully handed a yellow-skinned calabash to Meng Chuan—which he had to hug! Quintessential Essence cultivation was extremely important to Godfiends. He saved Thousand Star Pills by cultivating at Myriad Thunder Peak.

After leaving the mountain and being deployed to a city pass, he would lose Myriad Thunder Peak’s cultivation environment. He needed to use Thousand Star Pills to hasten his Quintessential Essence cultivation.

“Here are 18 Lightning Tribulation Fruits.” The steward handed over several jade boxes. Each jade box contained three Lightning Tribulation Fruits.

“I want to buy 20 Lightning Tribulation Fruits,” said Meng Chuan. The Lightning Tribulation Fruit was very important for his cultivation. He had to consume one every month. He would serve in a city pass for three years, so 20 more Lightning Tribulation Fruits were enough.

One Lightning Tribulation Fruit required ten thousand credits. It was very expensive! Fortunately, he was given his remaining credit quota—330,000 credits.

...

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue exchanged the treasures they needed—Thousand Star Pills, Spirit Fruits, baneful aura, and pills needed for injury treatment. After he was done cashing out his credits, Meng Chuan only had 32,000 credits left. Even the credits from his grandaunt had been mostly spent.

Liu Qiyue even borrowed 5000 credits from Meng Chuan before she finished buying everything she needed for the next three years.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 - Divine Armament Cavern
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After placing the pills, Spirit Fruits, and other treasures in their cave abode secret chambers, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had lunch before heading to Divine Armament Cavern.

Divine Armament Cavern’s entrance was somewhat hidden. It was inside the Divine Weapon Tower.

“Lord Meng Chuan, Lady Liu Qiyue.” The stewards and servants at Divine Weapon Tower were rather respectful. The white-haired old woman in the lead smiled, and said, “We have already received orders that the two of you can choose your armor or clothes. You can also enter the Divine Armament Cavern to choose a divine armament.”

“Let’s choose the clothes first,” said Meng Chuan. He had already discussed it with Liu Qiyue.

The white-haired old woman smiled as she handed a catalog to Meng Chuan. “Godfiends who are leaving the mountain can choose any one of them.”

The armor and clothes that Archean Mountain gave their disciples were extraordinary. They had powerful defensive abilities that protected them in battles below the Marquis Godfiend level! As for combat at the Marquis and Regis Godfiend levels, these precious armors were of little use. In such instances, Godfiends had to rely on themselves.

Human Godfiends had weaker bodies than demon monarchs. Wearing armor made up for this weakness.

“Outer robes, trousers, boots, inner armor, and a pair of bracers.” Meng Chuan pointed at a few items in the catalog. “These ones.”

“Is that all?” asked the white-haired old woman.

“That should be it.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Choosing a protective robe required a lot of consideration. It had an impact on speed and agility! It wasn’t as simple as getting armor with better defensive capabilities. The strongest armor in the catalog weighed 1950 kilograms! After putting it on, a person’s agility and speed would decrease drastically! If Meng Chuan wore it, he would probably have 10–20% of his normal combat prowess.

As for people who cultivated the Great Strength Fiend Body or Eon Sea Fiend Body, they were happy to choose such heavy armor.

Meng Chuan’s selection wasn’t even considered light armor. They were extremely tough robes! His strongest protections were the inner armor and the bracers. At critical moments, the bracers could be used as small shields.

Liu Qiyue’s choice was similar to Meng Chuan! As a sharpshooter, she was always a distance away from the enemy!

“Milords, please wait a moment,” said the white-haired old woman with a smile. She knew the two Godfiends’ measurements after a single glance and softly gave instructions.

After a while, two young stewards carried the robes and boots over.

“Milords, please try them out and see if they fit,” said the old woman.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue tried on the clothes in a small fitting room to the side.

Meng Chuan’s armor was considered extremely light amongst the various Archean Mountain Godfiend armor. His inner armor was the heaviest—weighing 4 kilograms. His bracers weighed 2.5 kilograms, and his pair of boots were roughly 1.5 kilograms. His outer robes and pants were nearly the same as mortal clothing. They were very light and convenient. However, their defensive power was much weaker.

After changing, the two of them walked out.

Liu Qiyue’s outfit was primarily red, complemented by cyan colors. She looked valiant and heroic. Meng Chuan’s outfit was mostly dark-cyan. His outer robe and boots were dark-cyan as well. Since their selected clothes were similar, they looked very compatible when they stood together with complementary colors.

Liu Qiyue walked to Meng Chuan’s side with a smile. She even helped Meng Chuan adjust his clothes and nodded in satisfaction. “Not bad.”

“Qiyue, you look pretty good too,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

The old woman’s smile couldn’t help but deepen.

“Milords, do you want to go to Divine Armament Cavern now?” asked the old woman.

“Ah Chuan, you go ahead first. I’ll go after you,” said Liu Qiyue. She knew the rules—only one disciple could enter Divine Armament Cavern at a time.

“Alright.” Meng Chuan didn’t disagree.

“Lord Meng Chuan, please follow me.” The old woman led the way.

Liu Qiyue also encouraged Meng Chuan. “Try your best to obtain a powerful divine armament.” Meng Chuan nodded and followed the old woman.

After passing through Divine Weapon Tower’s main hall, he walked along a winding corridor for a while before he saw a cave entrance. The entrance was closed.

“Lord Meng Chuan, there are divine armaments left behind by generations of Godfiends,” said the white-haired old woman. “Although divine armaments are powerful, their spirituality will weaken with time. There are Creation weapons that become Heaven-level weapons or even Earth-level weapons. Over time, even powerful divine armaments will turn to dust.”

Meng Chuan nodded. He also knew this.

Time was indeed heartless. Regis Godfiends only had 500-year lifespans. The strongest Creation realm experts had 2000-year lifespans! After countless years, invincible experts of an era would eventually turn to dust. The ninth level of the Essence Soul made a person, in theory, Eternal. However, Creation Supremacies typically reached the Essence Soul’s fifth or sixth level. The ninth level was purely a theory. Nobody had ever reached it.

Perhaps one day, an extremely talented expert would reach the Essence Soul’s ninth level and discover that they weren’t eternal.

Confirming that one could live eternally was the dream of many human experts.

In time, even a divine armament would turn to dust, let alone flesh and blood.

“However, it doesn’t matter if you obtain a Man-level divine armament,” said the old woman with a smile. “During cultivation—through prolonged nurturing—the weapon and person will become one. The more powerful a Godfiend is, the more powerful their weapons will become. It’s possible to transform a Man-level divine armament into a Creation divine armament.”

Meng Chuan listened despite knowing this common knowledge. This was something that had to be conveyed every time, just in case some disciples hadn’t read books containing such common knowledge.

“The human chooses a divine armament, and the divine armament also chooses its owner,” said the old woman. “Lord Meng Chuan, after entering Divine Armament Cavern, demonstrate your Saber Intent and Saber Soul. That will attract divine armaments. Lord Meng Chuan, you can only choose one divine armament.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Only then did the old woman step forward. She activated a mechanism, and—with a rumbling sound—the entrance opened.

“Please, Lord Meng Chuan,” said the old woman as she stepped aside. Meng Chuan entered Divine Armament Cavern solemnly.

Divine Armament Cavern’s entrance was rather dark. He walked for a while.

He saw a huge mountain belly. There were weapons embedded in the interior. Sabers, swords, lances, spears, axes, hammers, bows... All sorts of weapons were systematically placed in different areas, allowing the armaments’ vitality to complement each other. This allowed Archean Mountain to store divine armaments for longer periods.

First, let the divine armament choose the owner. Meng Chuan naturally understood this point.

He stood still.

Killing intent flashed in his eyes as a thirty-foot-tall saber projection enveloped Meng Chuan. The saber projection was a corporeal manifestation of his Saber Soul. It emitted terrifying killing intent.

Every Archean Mountain disciple had to reach the Realm of Soul if they wanted to become a Great Solar Godfiend. The Realm of Soul had high requirements on one’s willpower. They had to be able to reach the Darkness Altar’s summit.

Why did the Realm of Soul require a strong will? That was because one needed to fuse their will into their Intent. This way, their Intent would merge with their will and form a soul.

The core of Meng Chuan’s will was “demon-slaying.” He had sworn to kill all demons in the world. Even though he knew how difficult it was, he had never retreated. He only cared about advancing on this path. He only cared about fighting. Even if he died in battle, he had no regrets! He had Qiyue accompanying him on this path. She was willing to die with him.

Strong battle intent surged across the entire Divine Armament Cavern.

Meng Chuan had never stopped tempering his will. His powerful will was stirring the divine armaments in the cave.

Buzz—

One by one, the divine armaments began to tremble. Following that, they began to float up one by one. More and more sabers flew up. There were even a few swords that flew up! Perhaps the swords felt like Meng Chuan’s saber art could be used with swords.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 - The Divine Armament Acknowledges the Owner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Most disciples who came to Divine Armament Cavern were Indestructible Godfiends.

For instance, a Great Solar Godfiend like Meng Chuan, Xue Feng, and Liu Qiyue—who had attained Greater Mastery in the Realm of Soul—were in the extreme minority! Only a few appeared out of hundreds of disciples. These were the true elite geniuses of Archean Mountain. Every one of them had a limitless future. The ancient divine armaments that had remained in Divine Armament Cavern for years could sense it with their spirituality...

Such genius disciples were extremely rare. There were even fewer people who were compatible with them! For example, Meng Chuan used a saber—a narrow saber. Liu Qiyue used a bow. Xue Feng used a sword.

Upon missing out on such a genius, these weapons might have to wait another century or two before they could meet the next compatible person.

Therefore, divine armaments floated up.

Hum!

Meng Chuan stared at the scene. In the vast mountain belly, a large number of divine armaments flew off the ground. Instantly, over 100 divine armaments began floating.

The divine armaments were also competing. Their world was more direct. Powerful divine armaments blasted out terrifying aura in all directions. The weaker divine armaments couldn’t help but be suppressed. Unable to float, they fell to the ground directly.

Soon, there were only twelve weapons still afloat in the cave.

These twelve? Meng Chuan could sense auras within half a kilometer. He sensed that three of the divine armaments’ auras were the strongest. The other nine auras were much weaker; they could barely remain suspended.

Meng Chuan walked over to take a look.

Three Heaven-level divine armaments and nine Earth-level divine armaments. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. There aren’t any Creation divine armaments .

As the most powerful divine armaments, Creation divine armaments were unlikely to recognize a Great Solar Godfiend as an owner before it began weakening. On the contrary, Regis Godfiends—their weapons being destroyed due to special reasons such as combat—could enter Divine Armament Cavern and have Creation divine armaments recognize them as owners.

It’s very good that I can choose a Heaven-level divine armament. Meng Chuan was quite satisfied. I have to select from the three carefully.

He looked at the three Heaven-level weapons.

Since the Heaven-level divine armaments were floating in the air, they were compatible with Meng Chuan. They all had narrow blades. The heavy or soft sabers did not respond to Meng Chuan’s Saber Soul at all.

The first divine armament was pitch-black. The blade emitted a dark aura that suppressed its surroundings, making it look the most ordinary.

The second saber was a silver-white saber. It emitted a terrifyingly cold aura that filled its surroundings. It sent a biting chill to the bone.

The third saber was completely blood-red in color. It emanated an aura of blood and sin that made one’s heart palpitate. The other divine armaments stayed far away from it, unwilling to approach it.

With a tap of his finger, a wisp of Quintessential Essence flew out and fused with the black saber.

He vaguely saw a blind elder holding the black saber. With a slash in the darkness, the saber beam flashed and killed the enemy.

This saber is good for sneak attacks. It can affect the void, speeding up a saber attack. It’s also extremely sharp. Meng Chuan was slightly enlightened. It suits me quite well.

The faster he could draw his saber, and the sharper the saber was, implied the saber was a good fit for him.

The second divine armament. Meng Chuan sent a wisp of Quintessential Essence into the silver-white saber. He immediately sensed the cold aura contained within the silver saber. As long as he activated his Quintessential Essence, the cold aura would be even stronger. Once the saber is used, it can freeze the surroundings. When I fight with an enemy, I can freeze the opponent before killing them. This can be considered useful. However, my Godfiend body isn’t skilled with ice and freezing. I’m only using the divine armament’s power itself. In the future, I’ll only weaken its freezing ability as I nurture it.

He could also “see” the incomplete memories contained within the divine armaments.

It was a scene of a silver-haired man using the silver saber. When the saber was unleashed, it froze the surroundings.

It’s a good saber, but it doesn’t suit me.

Meng Chuan looked at the third saber. The blood-colored saber that emitted a bloody, sinful aura made it appear evil.

He sent a wisp of Quintessential Essence into it.

Kill! Kill! Kill!

Meng Chuan saw mountains of corpses. Many people had died under this saber! Many Godfiends were killed by the saber!

This saber could suck blood and flesh, causing it to become more and more powerful! It was extremely sharp! It could even absorb baneful auras that contained hatred and grievances.

When the saber struck out, a baneful aura blasted out in all directions. The enemy’s consciousness would be stunned by the impact, allowing them to be killed without any resistance! Those powerful enemies were split into two with a single slash! Their flesh and blood were all sucked by the saber, becoming its food. Even the indignation and hatred its opponents had when they died would be absorbed.

It’s really an evil saber. Very evil. Meng Chuan stared at the blood-colored saber. However, it’s the strongest, and it grows very quickly. However, this saber... will turn against its owner!

In the blood-colored saber’s remnant memories, Meng Chuan discovered that some Godfiends who held the saber remained conscious while others were controlled by the saber completely! They became slaves to the saber and only knew how to kill.

Which one should I choose? Meng Chuan looked at the blood-colored saber and then at the black saber.

As for the silver saber, he had given it up.

One is rather unsophisticated, but it suits me. The other is more evil, but it’s more powerful. Meng Chuan hesitated for a moment before he made up his mind and reached out to grab the blood-colored saber.

The moment he held it, the blood-colored saber immediately produced a hum that resounded throughout the cave.

The other eleven floating divine armaments fell to the ground, becoming silent once again. These divine armaments were well aware that this Archean Mountain disciple had chosen the evil saber.

Hum. The blood-colored saber’ thick, sinful baneful aura surged towards Meng Chuan’s consciousness, wanting to affect him.

Humph.

His Saber Soul completely suppressed the baneful aura, even without using the Power of Essence Soul to aid him.

After eleven years on the mountain, Meng Chuan had never given up on tempering his will. His will was not something the evil saber—that had been weakened for ages—could control.

...

“Lord Meng Chuan.” The white-haired old woman outside Divine Armament Cavern smiled when she saw him walk out. However, when she saw the blood-colored saber in Meng Chuan’s hand, her expression changed. “Lord Meng Chuan, why did you choose this evil saber? It’s too evil! Archean Mountain allows disciples to make another choice after giving up the evil armaments in the cavern.”

“Is it very evil?” Meng Chuan looked at the blood-colored saber in his hand. “Since it’s placed in Divine Armament Cavern, it’s meant for us to choose, right?”

“It has already been in Divine Armament Cavern for over 2600 years. It has been unable to devour baneful aura, flesh, and blood for a long period of time. It has already weakened greatly,” said the old woman. “Its former owners believed that they could control it, but later, the saber turned against them and controlled them. Lord Meng Chuan, wait here. I’ll show you the dossier.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan waited.

After every disciple chose the divine armament, Archean Mountain would show the corresponding dossier to the disciple.

After a while, the old woman came over with a dossier and respectfully handed it to Meng Chuan. “Lord Meng Chuan, please take a look. After you finish reading the dossier, you can decide whether you want to continue using it.”

Chi. Meng Chuan stabbed the blood-colored saber into the ground and picked up the dossier.

This blood-colored saber had many names in history—Mental Demon Saber, Killing Calamity, No Absolutes...

It had caused many disasters.

Back when the demons hadn’t invaded their world—when humans engaged in internal strife—this saber had experienced major massacres in several dynasties! In the battles between sects, many mortal and Godfiend lives were lost to it. Archean Mountain didn’t like the saber, but it still believed that the saber was ultimately a weapon! How it was used to kill was determined by the owner of the saber, so they kept the evil saber.

The more this saber devoured, the stronger it would become. This also increased the requirements on one’s willpower and Essence Soul.

When the saber reached its peak, it needed a third-stage Essence Soul to withstand its impact.

It’s very weak now. A first-stage Essence Soul can easily suppress it. After reading the dossier, Meng Chuan felt confident in controlling it. If he were close to his limits, he would rather change his saber than let it continue growing! He would only use it when his Essence Soul could suppress it.

“I’ll take it.” Meng Chuan looked at the saber. “In history, it has absorbed a lot of human blood. From now on, I will use it to slay demons! I will let it drink demon blood, eat demon flesh, and kill all demons. Its name will be... Demon Slayer!”

1The white-haired old woman could sense the intense killing intent in Lord Meng Chuan’s calm voice. “Yes,” she said respectfully. “Lord Meng, please wait. The scabbard will be prepared for you in a while.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan picked up the saber and carefully observed it. In the future, this saber would accompany him as he killed his enemies.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 - Heroes On All Fronts
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue both obtained many divine armaments’ acknowledgment. They each obtained a Heaven-level divine armament. The news about the two clearing the Nine Mystic Caves and were about to leave the mountain spread among Archean Mountain disciples quickly.

On 21st October, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue invited many fellow disciples to a banquet.

“Please accept my toast.” Yan Jin—who was sitting alone at the banquet—pulled Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue over for drinks.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue accompanied him.

“When I was fifteen, I went to Eastcalm Prefecture and met the two of you. In the blink of an eye, over ten years have passed.” Yan Jin drank from a large bowl before filling it up again. He looked at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue seriously. “I, Yan Jin, have very few friends in my life! Both of you are my friends.”

Meng Chuan smiled as Liu Qiyue listened silently.

Meng Chuan and Yan Jin had a better relationship. Although their relationship wasn’t as close, they had experienced a life-and-death battle together. They were Yan Jin’s only friends on the mountain.

“After you leave the mountain, it will be a bloody storm. There will be life-and-death battles.” Yan Jin’s eyes were slightly moist as he looked at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue solemnly. “I hope both of you will remain alive! I hope that one day, the three of us can appear on the same battlefield together.”

“Alright,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “When the time comes, the three of us will fight alongside each other again.”

“Let’s fight alongside each other,” Liu Qiyue said in anticipation.

That year at Eastcalm Prefecture’s Idle Stone Garden, they had fought alongside each other.

“Hahaha...” Yan Jin laughed. “That day will definitely come. Come, bottoms up.”

At least at this moment, Yan Jin was happy. He didn’t have many friends, but that made him cherish the few friends he had all the more.

“Bottoms up.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue accompanied him.

...

In the afternoon, the Godfiend disciples had already dispersed. The servants in the cave abode were clearing the cutlery.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue stood at the cave abode entrance, watching the snow path that had been covered in footprints.

“Senior Brother Qian Yu didn’t come?” Meng Chuan asked.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “He didn’t come. I went to invite him personally, but I didn’t manage to see him.”

“Let’s go visit him,” said Meng Chuan. “Who knows when we will see him again after we leave.”

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

The duo walked across the snow and arrived at Qian Yu’s cave abode. Stewards were managing Qian Yu’s cave abode entrance.

“Lord Meng Chuan, Lady Liu Qiyue,” the steward greeted politely.

“Tell Senior Brother Qian Yu that I’m here with Meng Chuan to pay him a visit,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Alright, I’ll pass the message. However, my lord might not wish to meet you,” said the steward helplessly.

“It’s fine, just pass the message on,” said Liu Qiyue.

The steward nodded and entered the cave abode.

Moments later, the steward returned to the door with a bitter expression. He shook his head gently. “My lord only knows how to drink. He doesn’t care about anything.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue looked at each other. Without permission from the cave abode’s owner, they couldn’t barge in. They could only leave helplessly.

Junior Brother Meng Chuan and Junior Sister Liu Qiyue have already passed the Nine Mystical Caves. Are they leaving? Qian Yu’s beard was in a mess. His hair was disheveled, and he looked extremely dispirited. At this moment, he hugged an alcohol flask as he leaned against the railing, and muttered softly, “I still remember nine years ago, I left the mountain in high spirits. But now, I’m a cripple. My dantian has lost all Quintessential Essence. I can’t even use archery techniques.

“Am I to rely on the brute strength of a Godfiend Body? My pure strength is inferior to an Indestructible Godfiend’s explosive strength! Furthermore, arrows shot with pure strength do not have any variations. Demon monarchs easily dodge them! I can’t even compare to an Indestructible realm sharpshooter. Am I just to play the role of a newly-advanced Godfiend sharpshooter?

“Haha, a newly-advanced Godfiend isn’t even wanted on the battlefield. I’m a cripple, a complete cripple. Senior Brothers and Senior Sisters, all of you have left, leaving me alone in this world. I can’t even avenge you since I’m crippled. What should I do? What should I do?” Qian Yu drank his alcohol, feeling extremely miserable.

A sharpshooter shot arrows from more than a kilometer away. The arrows were fast and unpredictable. Even if a demon monarch saw them, the arrow trajectories’ could change, making it difficult for them to dodge!

If an arrow was shot with pure brute strength, the variations in the arrow trajectories would be limited due to the lack of Quintessential Essence mystic techniques! A monarch could easily dodge such an arrow shot from a kilometer away. There was no threat at all! With his current strength, he was only a burden on the battlefield.

“What else can I do in this world? What can I do?” Qian Yu drank in his drunken stupor.

...

That evening, Elder Yi paid Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue a visit.

“The two of you will likely be deployed to a medium-sized city pass,” said Elder Yi. “Both of you are considered extremely powerful among Great Solar Godfiends. Sending both of you to a medium-sized city pass will make good use of your strengths.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

They were mentally prepared for their deployment. They were well aware of current situations in the various city passes around the human world. Small and large city passes were relatively safe. Most medium-sized city passes didn’t have Marquis Godfiends. Many were guarded by powerful Great Solar Godfiends! Even so, they still lacked manpower.

For example, Senior Brother Qian Yu was at Scholartree Mountain Pass when it was breached. Invasions were carried out by third Firmament demon monarchs, and the ones responsible for defending were Great Solar Godfiends—they were ultimately on the same level! The pressure on the medium city passes was naturally great.

Many city passes were in urgent need of powerful people like Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

“Do you have any requests?” asked Elder Yi. “Is there a city pass that you would like to go to?”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue exchanged looks. Meng Chuan said, “We don’t have any other requests. Just arrange for the two of us to be at the same city pass.”

“If possible,” said Liu Qiyue, “let us be closer to Eastcalm Prefecture.”

“Alright, I’m now aware of your requests. It’s very simple to arrange for both of you to be together,” said Elder Yi. “As for being close to Eastcalm Prefecture? We will need to assess the various city passes before we can make a decision.”

“Yes. If it really doesn’t work out, it doesn’t matter if we are far from our hometown,” said Meng Chuan immediately. Liu Qiyue nodded in agreement.

“One of you has a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, while the other is a sharpshooter with a Phoenix Divine Body. Both of you will be of great use,” said Elder Yi. “Archean Mountain needs to assess the situation regarding various city passes carefully. There might be a need for some switching up to redistribute the forces at various city passes better. Therefore, it will take roughly half a month before we can give you the final outcome.”

“There’s still plenty of time. There’s no rush,” said Meng Chuan.

“Alright. Once we’ve determined where you are going, we will inform the two of you.” Elder Yi stood up, and the two of them stood up to send him off.

“Be careful when you leave the mountain. Only kill the enemy when you are certain of your safety!” Elder Yi said. “Only by remaining alive will you be of greater use.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded before sending Elder Yi away.

“All we can do is wait for deployment now,” said Meng Chuan.

“I wonder which city pass we will be sent to.” Liu Qiyue looked forward to it as well.

Meng Chuan’s heart was surging with emotions. He started training with the saber at six. It had been twenty-three years since then! Twenty-three years of cultivation produced a Great Solar Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and extremely profound saber arts.

Twenty-three years to forge a saber. Now, this saber is leaving the mountain to drink my enemies’ blood! Meng Chuan’s battle intent surged. After experiencing disaster at six years of age, after experiencing the Eastcalm Prefecture demon invasion, after seeing tens of thousands of Godfiend figures on the Blood Red Cliff—as well as Qian Yu’s pain—he did not show any fear. Instead, his battle intent grew stronger!

Meng Chuan returned to his study. He couldn’t hold it in any longer and started to flick ink across a painting.

He drew a contiguous mountain range—Archean Mountain. It was ancient and majestic, but one Godfiend after another left the mountain and went to every corner of the world.

Meng Chuan recalled the many Godfiend figures on Blood Red Cliff. Those Godfiends had attained success in their cultivation and left the mountain in high spirits. Meng Chuan wanted to draw all of them. He drew each of them very carefully, including Xue Feng, Xiao Yunyue, Qian Yu, and the others he knew.

Countless heroes on all fronts.

Humanity will live forever!

The more Meng Chuan painted, the more intense his battle intent became.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 - Second Level Essence Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Meng Chuan first drew a black-armored youth holding a long spear. The youth’s eyes were filled with sharpness, as though there was nothing in this world that could stop him. This picture showed his youth, and he was an extremely dazzling figure of the human race in the past eight hundred years. He was still very young when he went down the mountain. He constantly fended off demons for the entirety of his 300 year lifespan. He was named King Yanshui! He permanently guarded the large city pass—Yanshui Pass.

The demons had tried their best to attack Yanshui Pass, but they failed again and again! Countless demon monarchs died under King Yanshui’s spear.

However, a tragic battle happened! The World Entrance at Yanshui Pass expanded without any warning. The demons immediately mobilized three fifth Firmament demon monarchs and a large group of fourth Firmament demon monarchs for the attack! King Yanshui fought bravely with his spear! He even killed the three fifth Firmament demon monarchs with his spear. Over 20 fourth Firmament demon monarchs died, putting a stop to the battle.

But soon, nine more Fifth firmament demon monarchs led an even larger demon army for the second wave of attacks.

King Yanshui went completely mad.

That battle was filled with thunderous clashes, changing the terrain 500 kilometers around their battlefield. Yanshui Lake—that was more than fifty kilometers long—was pierced through and became connected to the East Sea!

King Yanshui died in that battle! In total, he killed nine fifth Firmament demon monarchs. After his death, even the demons were unwilling to taint his body. Instead, they had brought his corpse back to the Demon Realm. It remained there to this day.

1When a Creation Supremacy rushed over from Archean Mountain—over 5000 kilometers away—the city pass had long been reduced to ruins. King Yanshui’s corpse wasn’t even retrievable! Humanity could only build an even larger city pass above the ruins to defend that super-large World Entrance. This resulted in Luotang Pass, the biggest major city pass in the Great Zhou Dynasty! A Supremacy guarded the pass personally.

King Yanshui’s battle completely shocked humans and demons. Humanity confirmed that nine fifth Firmament demon monarchs and over a hundred fourth Firmament demon monarchs—with nearly half of them killed during King Yanshui’s time at Yanshui pass—had died under his spear.

King Yanshui. Meng Chuan carefully drew him. When he died in battle, he already had white hair. Meng Chuan had only seen the picture left by King Yanshui when he was young.

He was a young man, one filled with fighting spirit.

Boom!

Meng Chuan felt his Essence Soul transform.

His Essence Soul—which had long reached its current limit—had broken through to the second stage—Kinesis. His perception domain expanded to two hundred feet, and his aura perception range expanded to a kilometer.

However, Meng Chuan was fully invested in his painting. He didn’t care about his Essence Soul transformation. Instead, he continued drawing and painting King Yanshui’s appearance when he was young.

Following that, he drew another figure—Marquis Wuyang.

Marquis Wuyang was also an outstanding genius of a generation. He had become a Marquis Godfiend at a young age! His talent was outstanding, and back then, he left Archean Mountain majestically. He got married and had children while defending Wuyang Pass. His two children—a son and daughter—also became Godfiends. They became Great Solar Godfiends at the age of thirty and guarded Wuyang Pass with their father.

However, he met a human traitor. The Skydemon Sect’s deputy sect master, Wang Ziru, infiltrated Wuyang Pass and heavily injured Marquis Wuyang during an attempted assassination. Then, having coordinated with the demons, the demons attacked and completely annihilated Wuyang Pass.

In that battle, Marquis Wuyang and his children died in battle. Wang Ziru left with heavy injuries. Currently, he was one of the only two fifth Firmament Skydemons in the Skydemon Sect.

Marquis Wuyang’s talent was outstanding, and his children were extremely talented as well. If given another decade or two, Marquis Wuyang would definitely have been conferred the title of king. His children also had chances of being conferred the title of marquis. Meng Chuan had read historical records, and there were many regretful instances. However, Wang Ziru—who had sneaked up on Marquis Wuyang—was too powerful. His status as a fifth Firmament Skydemon was a testimony of that.

Many people found it a pity that Marquis Wuyang and his children died in battle.

Meng Chuan carefully drew their appearances when they had left the mountain. In the middle was Marquis Wuyang. Beside him were his son and daughter. It was as though the father had led his children in battle.

...

Meng Chuan continued to draw. Every time he drew a person, he would recall their story. He invested all his emotions into the drawing. Unknowingly, tears welled up in his eyes.

He carefully drew eighteen Godfiend heroes that had died in battle. All of them were drawn very carefully! Following that, he sketched other heroes. Although they were only a few strokes—and some only depicted their backs—they were all heroes to Meng Chuan. They were weaker. Most were Great Solar Godfiends or even Indestructible Godfiends when they died.

Yet, Meng Chuan drew them. As long as they were mentioned in historical records, he would infuse his emotions into the few strokes he used to depict them. All of them had a unique spirit belonging to them.

Meng Chuan didn’t stop painting this piece of art! He didn’t eat or drink. From night to day, he remained completely immersed with painting.

The 18 heroes were drawn with great detail. The other 127 heroes were all drawn in the background. It was as though they had already reached the edge of Archean Mountain. Their silhouettes were small, drawn with a few simple strokes. However, each one of them appeared alive.

Following that, Meng Chuan began drawing those who were still alive.

Peerless swordsman Xue Feng; the warm and friendly Xiao Yunyue; Qian Yu, who looked into the distance with a hint of sadness in his eyes. The dazzling Marquis Heavenstar; the gentle and refined Marquis Southcloud; the illustrious King East River. Meng Chuan had seen all of them with his own eyes. There were young Godfiends, as well as Marquis Godfiends and Regis Godfiends. All these Marquis and Regis Godfiends had contributed to the human race greatly.

He also drew the 18 living Godfiends carefully. He also drew the Godfiend disciples he had met. Meng Chuan had met nearly 200 Godfiend disciples that had left the mountain! Meng Chuan drew a hundred and twenty-seven Godfiend disciples—each drawn with a few simple strokes. Every Godfiend was very young—wearing the young faces Meng Chuan had seen when he sent them off at Blood Red Cliff.

Countless heroes fight on all fronts. Meng Chuan looked at the painting and suddenly saw a battle as his thoughts drifted. It was the battle these Godfiends were engaged in.

No one had an immortal body.

Nobody was truly invincible.

Even someone as powerful as King Yanshui died in battle. The Godfiend figures on Blood Red Cliff showed everything. Every disciple who left the mountain understood that they might die on the battlefield. However, they fought a war for humanity’s survival. Nobody retreated. Nobody gave up their duties.

“We will win this war. Even if it doesn’t happen in my life, humanity will one day see ultimate victory after I die,” Meng Chuan whispered. Then, he wrote four words on the upper right corner of the painting—Heroes On All Fronts!

Be it the Godfiends who died in battle or the Godfiends that were guarding the city passes, they were all heroes.

After painting, Meng Chuan carefully looked at the painting. The painting could be understood at a glance—it showed the Godfiends who had left the mountain fighting on all fronts. The intense emotions within the painting had made him unable to stop painting until he finished.

I’m done painting. Now, it’s my turn to leave the mountain. Meng Chuan put down his brush and pushed open the study door.

There was a thick layer of snow outside.

Meng Chuan stood in the courtyard, breathing in nature. He felt exceptionally calm.

After a long time, Liu Qiyue returned to Meng Chuan’s cave abode. When she saw Meng Chuan, she happily said, “Ah Chuan, you’ve finally finished painting? You painted for nearly two days and two nights.”

“I wanted to paint and didn’t want to stop,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “But I’ve finished now.”

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but enter the study at his words. She immediately saw the long scroll on the table. She fell into a trance upon looking at it. She recognized the Godfiends that Meng Chuan had drawn in the foreground. However, she could also recognize most of the two hundred Godfiends—that were still living—drawn. She couldn’t recognize most of the Godfiends that had died in battle. However, she could feel how real every Godfiend was.

1Liu Qiyue looked at it with tears in her eyes.

“Why are you crying?” Meng Chuan couldn’t help but come over when he saw the scene.

“They were very young when they went to the battlefield. The thought that many of them have died in battle makes me cry,” said Liu Qiyue.

Liu Qiyue looked at the name on the upper right corner of the painting and whispered, “Heroes On All Fronts? Ah Chuan, this painting must be preserved well. If we really win this war in the future, this painting can be left for future generations, even if we have died.”

“Yes, keep it well.” Meng Chuan smiled and nodded.

“Ah, you haven’t eaten or drunk anything for two days. I’ll get someone to prepare some food for you,” Liu Qiyue said as she rushed out.

Meng Chuan smiled and shouted, “No rush. We are Godfiends. I can take it.”

“Alright, alright.” Liu Qiyue waved her hand and ran out.

Meng Chuan picked up Demon Slayer and walked towards the training grounds.

Now that his Essence Soul had undergone a qualitative change, he needed to verify how much his second-level Essence Soul could improve his strength.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 - The Meeting Between Two Supremacies
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The servants in the cave abode were sweeping away the snow when they suddenly heard a deep rumbling sound. They looked around for the source of the sound.

“Look.”

“Look over there.”

The servants watched saber beams of lightning—coming from the training grounds—arc into the sky in shock. They distorted the void, sending blasts of air in all directions. These beams struck the horizon, tearing through the sky for more than half a kilometer before dissipating.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Saber beams formed one after another. In the blink of an eye, over a hundred saber beams were produced. Each saber beam was terrifying. The saber beams caused an area, a kilometer away, to be enveloped by explosions.

“Amazing.”

“Lord Meng Chuan is so powerful?”

“I heard that Lord Meng Chuan has already cleared the Nine Mystical Caves test and is about to leave the mountain. This is the strength of a Great Solar Godfiend, right?” The servants whispered. Ever since he became a Great Solar Godfiend, Meng Chuan had never unleashed his full strength.

...

Liu Qiyue also came to the training grounds due to the ruckus. Meng Chuan held a blood-colored long saber in his hand as he slashed out saber beams that traveled a kilometer before dissipating.

“You’re here.” Meng Chuan sheathed his saber and smiled at Qiyue.

“Ah Chuan, your saber art feels even stronger,” exclaimed Liu Qiyue.

“It’s thanks to Demon Slayer,” said Meng Chuan. “However, when fighting a truly powerful demon monarch, I need to focus all my might into a single point before unleashing it. My attacks’ might are too scattered if I attack from such a distance. It’s suitable for attacking multiple enemies, but it isn’t useful against strong enemies. Furthermore, it drains my Quintessential quickly.”

“Then why did you try it?” asked Liu Qiyue with a smile.

“I wanted to test its might. By fully unleashing my strength, I can see its power more clearly,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue nodded and immediately said, “Quick, let’s have lunch. The food is ready; it’ll turn cold if we waste any more time.”

“Let’s go. I’m already hungry.” Meng Chuan smiled as he left the training grounds with Qiyue. As for the Power of Essence Soul? He had already finished his experiment.

He was now a Great Solar Godfiend. In terms of Godfiend Bodies and Quintessential Essence, he exceeded ordinary Great Solar Godfiends greatly. He had also attained Greater Mastery of Saber Soul.

When his Essence Soul was still at the first stage, the Power of Essence Soul only increased his strength by fifty percent! Such a strength increase could be considered quite helpful, but it didn’t help him as much compared to when he was a mortal.

When his Essence Soul had reached the second stage, the Power of Essence Soul had undergone a qualitative change! His Essence Soul could interact with reality, allowing him to move objects over 50 kilograms heavy.

His strength doubled when he infused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence. In other words, he was roughly three times stronger than before. However, he could only deliver seven strikes of such strength before his Power of Essence Soul was depleted. Utilizing his current body and Quintessential Essence required much more effort than when he was a mortal. His body was a small rock when he was a mortal. Now, his body was a mountain.

If he used only the Power of Essence Soul to draw power from his body, his strength would increase by sixty percent! With such strength, he could probably attack 15 times.

If the Power of Essence Soul had only fused with his Great Solar Quintessential Essence, his strength would be doubled. He estimated he could deliver 50 attacks of such strength!

His body was a small portion of his strength, but the physical body was complicated. It was difficult to draw upon its strength.

In comparison, the Essence Soul can draw upon Quintessential Essence more easily, and the consumption of Power of Essence Soul is lesser. Meng Chuan was pleased.

Human Godfiends cultivated their Quintessential Essence. Great Solar Quintessential Essence’s power was indeed terrifying. The Power of Essence Soul increased his strength greatly when his Quintessential Essence was fused with it.

I can use the Power of Essence Soul to double my strength! This will be my normal killer move. I can attack fifty times with such strength. It would not affect me much if I use such strength from time to time. When I unleash my full strength, my normal strength triples. I need to be careful. I have to reserve some Power of Essence Soul for critical moments.

The results of his experimentation bolstered Meng Chuan’s confidence. His second-level Essence Soul gave him more confidence at killing enemies. He also had an additional trump card.

...

25th October.

Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

All disciples came to attend the lecture. Every disciple placed great importance on the lectures at Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. Everyone knew that the Supremacy held extremely high status in Archean Mountain. His status was higher than Archean Mountain Lord. Anybody who had common sense knew that the Supremacy was an existence above Regis Godfiends. The Supremacy gave the disciples the best advice.

They could ask the Supremacy for guidance if they encountered problems. They naturally treasured these lectures.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were only leaving after the 15th of November. Currently, they didn’t even know which city pass they would be assigned to, so they naturally continued attending lectures.

“Senior Brother Meng.”

“Senior Sister Liu.”

After Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue entered Grotto-Heaven Pavilion, many juniors showed respect. After all, they were the only two Great Solar Godfiends that had not descended the mountain yet. They even had transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. Who wouldn’t respect them?

They sat beside each other in the first row.

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Yan Chitong were in the first row. Ji Yuantong and Yan Jin were in the second row. Princess Li Ying alternated between the third and fourth rows. Among the same batch of disciples, Zong Sha, Chu Yong, Yan Feng, Ning Yibo, and a few other disciples had already left the mountain. Their Nine Mystical Caves test was naturally easier than Meng Chuan’s. They were Indestructible Godfiends when they left.

“Master is here.”

All the disciples immediately fell silent.

An invisible aura enveloped Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s hall. The long-haired Supremacy walked in. When he looked at Meng Chuan, his eyes were filled with unconcealable shock. However, all the disciples bowed respectfully—no one dared to look at their master directly. They bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Master.”

“Have a seat,” said the Supremacy calmly.

Only then did all the disciples sit down.

The Supremacy continued lecturing and answering questions like before, but he could barely contain his shock. Second-level Essence Soul? Meng Chuan has already reached the Kinesis stage?

Normally, Great Solar Godfiends would first reach the Realm of Dao before attaining an Essence Soul after seeking answers from their inner self. After condensing an Essence Soul, most would enter the Darkstar realm quickly.

Marquis Godfiend needed years of cultivation before they could enter the Kinesis stage with great difficulty. This was because weapon arts were for killing. As for the arts, they were for one to express their inner feelings. In comparison, those who reached the Realm of Dao with the arts would seek answers from their inner self more often.

He’s only twenty-nine this year, and his Essence Soul has already reached the second stage? The Supremacy was secretly astonished. He can be compared to Senior Tan You’an from humanity’s history.

Tan You’an was a calligraphy sage with unprecedented skill in calligraphy. He had condensed an Essence Soul when he was a mortal through calligraphy. At the age of 28, his Essence Soul reached the Kinesis stage.

Tan You’an’s Essence Soul reached the seventh stage. Furthermore, he was a Regis Godfiend. Back then, there was strife among five nations. Tan You’an was personally killed by another nation’s Supremacy during the five human nations’ conflict! Before the demons invaded their world, humanity had always been fighting against one another. Even a few top sects had been destroyed. Only Archean Mountain lasted the longest.

The three supreme sects originally had plenty of grudges against one another. However, after joining forces to resist the demons over the years, everyone threw their hatred to the side and focused on their common enemy.

Most of the current Regis and Marquis Godfiends were born after the demons had invaded the human world. They were naturally more united. Only Creation Supremacies had truly experienced the bloodshed between the sects.

His talent in the saber isn’t too high. In this era, there are plenty who are better than him. Xue Feng’s talent in the sword is higher than his. The Supremacy’s heart trembled. However, his talent in painting is enough to match Senior Tan You’an’s talent in calligraphy.

...

The Supremacy continued his lecture, and left when he was done. He went to his study alone and took out a cyan ruler. It had beautiful patterns on it, looking extremely exquisite; it also possessed a mysterious aura.

“Luotang.” Supremacy wielded the cyan ruler and easily activated it.

Buzz!

An illusory female figure appeared in the study. She was dressed in a golden-white robe and exuded a natural air of nobility. She smiled at the Supremacy. “Qin Wu, why are you looking for me?”

“Our Archean Mountain now has a junior named Meng Chuan. He’s only twenty-nine years old this year. He’s a Great Solar Godfiend with Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. He has a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body,” said Supremacy. “His talent in painting is unprecedented, capable of matching Senior Tan You’an’s. His Essence Soul is already at the Kinesis stage. I wish to open Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven and send him in.”

“Open Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven?” The illusory woman’s eyes contained surprise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 - Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

“Qin Wu.” Supremacy Luotang’s eyes were filled with worry. “Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven is Archean Mountain’s most important treasured land. Before the demon invasion, it was opened once every 6000 years! Ever since the demon invasion began, we have gone overboard. We’ve opened it four times in 800 years. Now, we are opening it a fifth time? Shouldn’t we consider it carefully?”

“Luotang,” the long-haired man, Qin Wu, shook his head gently, “the demon invasion is getting worse. More middle-sized city passes are being built, and another major city pass has appeared in the past thirty years. Every major city pass needs a Supremacy to guard it. How many Creation Supremacies do we have? The demon invasion will only intensify. You know that the demons are far stronger than us. It’s only because of the World Entrance limitations that they can only inject a small portion of their forces into our world. We have only fought for 800 years. The war will likely worsen in the future. The war will become crueler.”

Supremacy Luotang fell silent. She knew that the war would worsen in the future.

“If our defenses fail, the human race will be slaughtered; our world will be occupied by demons. The demons will thrive here,” said Qin Wu calmly. “Perhaps they will leave some humans behind as food. When that happens, what use would the treasured lands—left behind by our ancestors—be? All of them will fall into the hands of demons.

“Therefore, from my point of view, we should open Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven once there’s a person who has a chance of reaching the Creation realm,” said Qin Wu.

Supremacy Luotang nodded gently. “According to what I know, Meng Chuan only has an Essence Soul. His saber art cultivation is slower than Xue Feng’s. It’s very ordinary, so there’s no hope of him reaching the Creation realm.”

“However, his talent in painting is astonishing,” retorted Qin Wu. “In this era, Godfiends grow amidst life and death. They grow faster than all the Godfiends in history! I think his talent in painting is not inferior to Senior Tan You’an’s. The present environment will make him grow faster than Senior Tan You’an. His Essence Soul has a chance of reaching the eighth stage. If he were to reach the ninth stage, that would be unprecedented.”

“Ninth stage? It’s still a question whether it exists.” Supremacy Luotang hesitated.

“As long as his Essence Soul reaches the eighth stage, even if he were to peak as a Regis Godfiend, he will be able to fight experts in the Creation realm,” said Qin Wu. “You should know how terrifying a seventh or eighth-stage Essence Soul is. At the World stage, one would have the strength of a newly-advanced Creation realm expert. At the Tribulation Transcendence stage, one will surpass all current Creation realm experts. I think it’s worth opening Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven for him.”

The corners of Supremacy Luotang’s lips curled up. Her smile was very charming. She smiled. “Qin Wu, you have convinced me. I hope his Essence Soul can reach the seventh or eighth stage.”

“You are agreeable?” Qin Wu heaved a sigh of relief.

“Yes, let’s open it,” said Supremacy Luotang. “Although he can only reach the level of a Regis Godfiend with his potential, he does have a chance of fighting Creation realm experts with the help of his Essence Soul. If an expert with an eighth-level Essence Soul is born, it’d be a blessing for us humans.”

1It was harder to transform one’s Essence Soul at later stages. Every stage was like an abyss. Just like how it was very difficult for a Marquis Godfiend to become a Regis Godfiend, it was very difficult for a Regis Godfiend to reach the Creation realm.

Improving one’s Essence Soul from the seventh to the eighth stage was harder than reaching the Creation realm! In humanity’s history, only three experts with eight-stage Essence Souls had been born. By relying on their Essence Souls, these experts were invincible. They were capable of killing other Creation realm experts!

“Alright, I’ll open it tonight,” said Qin Wu poignantly. “In the past, Archean Mountain only opened Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven when a disciple was perfect in every single aspect. On average, it opened once every 6000 years. However, it will be the fifth time we’re opening Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven in the last eight hundred years.”

“Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven was activated for those that had high chances of reaching the Creation realm,” said Supremacy Luotang. “For the past eight hundred years, four humans have entered the treasured land. One died in battle as a Great Solar Godfiend; it was a pity. The other three have become Regis Godfiends. King True Martial is over 300 years old this year, and he is weakening. The chances of him reaching the Creation realm are increasingly slim. King Calm Sea is very young. He’s just above 100 years old this year, and he has the greatest potential.

“It was just too unfortunate King Yanshui died. He had reached the requirements. His body and Quintessential Essence were extremely powerful. Only his Essence Soul was stuck at the fourth stage. If his Essence Soul had reached the fifth stage, he would’ve reached the Creation realm. Unfortunately, he died at Yanshui Pass.”

“In this tumultuous era, it’s already impressive if a Regis Godfiend is born every time we open the treasured land,” said Qin Wu. “There’s no way we can impose the strict requirements on our disciples like before.”

“That’s true.” Supremacy Luotang nodded.

What did the future hold?

Even they—who stood at the peak of the human race—weren’t sure either. They only knew that they had to nurture more experts and prepare for the worst.

The more prepared they were, the greater their hopes of winning the war.

...

Night.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were eating dinner while talking and laughing. They were in a good mood.

The duo looked out of the hall when they sensed something. They saw an illusory figure walking over from the courtyard. The figure gradually turned corporeal—a long-haired man.

“Master.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue immediately stood up and greeted him respectfully.

A master coming to their disciple’s cave abode? It was unheard of!

“Meng Chuan, follow me,” said the long-haired man.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan stood up and moved to his master’s side.

“Meng Chuan will return, but he will take two hours to three days.” said the long-haired man to Liu Qiyue before turning around and disappearing with Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue stood dazedly for a long time before returning to the dining table. She continued eating with her head lowered. However, she was thinking, Why was Ah Chuan taken away so suddenly? She wasn’t too worried. Since their master had personally taken him away, his safety was guaranteed.

The long-haired man exited the void with Meng Chuan. They arrived at a lone mountain.

“Master?” Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled. He looked around and saw a few familiar mountains. He understood where he was. This is a nameless mountain. It’s roughly 15 kilometers from Bright Scenic Peak.

The long-haired man took out the cyan ruler. After activating it, a woman in a golden-white robe appeared beside him.

“Let’s open it.” The long-haired man and the illusory woman exchanged looks as they opened the treasured land together.

Whoosh!

The void distorted, and a circular cave entrance appeared in the void.

“This void cave leads to Archean Mountain’s most treasured land.” The long-haired man looked at Meng Chuan and said, “After you enter, whatever opportunities you receive will depend on yourself. Try your best to obtain a powerful opportunity.”

“It took your master quite a bit of persuasion before I agreed to let you enter.” Supremacy Luotang’s phantom looked at Meng Chuan. “I’m very curious about what you can obtain in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven.”

“I will do my best.” Meng Chuan bowed as he looked at the void cave curiously.

Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven? Opportunity? Meng Chuan was slightly confused.

“This is Archean Mountain’s most important treasured land. Remember not to tell anyone about this, including your parents, wife, and family.” As the long-haired man spoke, he grabbed Meng Chuan’s clothes and threw him in.

Meng Chuan was shocked. Without any time to react, he entered the void cave.

Following that, the void cave entrance disappeared rapidly.

...

This is Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven? After Meng Chuan passed through the void cave, he felt like he was plummeting in midair. Following that, he saw a massive beast’s head! Its head was even bigger than a mountain, and its mouth was 10,000 feet wide. A dark vortex appeared within it. Meng Chuan was unable to resist the invisible suction force and was sucked into the beast’s mouth.

After being sucked in, he felt like he had entered a stormy vortex.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 - Celestial Pillar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The gigantic beast swallowed Meng Chuan; he was constantly sucked down the black stormy vortex.

After a while, he detected solid ground with his perception domain. He used his movement technique, silently landed, then looked around warily.

Master said that this is Archean Mountain’s most important treasured land. Meng Chuan scanned his surroundings carefully. He wants me to obtain a powerful opportunity, but where is the opportunity?

A faint white fog covered his surroundings. As the fog wafted about, he could see vague outlines of pillars that reached towards the heavens!

Meng Chuan looked around him. These towering pillars were everywhere. Every pillar was equidistant from him.

There are a total of 12 pillars. All of them reach great heights, and they are arranged in a huge circle. Meng Chuan took a look at the ground. The ground was made of a special black rock. He had never seen it before in the outside world.

Dong!

Meng Chuan kicked the ground.

In the outside world, a crater over 100 feet wide would be produced if he exerted a little strength into his kick! However, the block rock trembled slightly but remained undamaged. The ground wasn’t even chipped.

Where is the opportunity? Meng Chuan’s perception domain allowed him to see more than the naked eye. However, he did not discover any hidden opportunities within 200 feet of where he stood.

The most eye-catching things here are the 12 pillars. I’ll take a look at them first. Meng Chuan walked towards one of the pillars cautiously.

Suddenly, Meng Chuan saw red fog rise from the ground up ahead. Red fog rose and gathered, forming a red-robed man. The red-robed man had killing intent in his eyes while he looked at Meng Chuan. He charged at Meng Chuan.

It has no life. It’s formed by special forces. Meng Chuan’s two-hundred-foot domain easily saw through the figure.

Swoosh.

He instantly struck out with his saber, slicing through the red-robed man.

His strength is equivalent to a newly-advanced Godfiend. He’s weak. Meng Chuan calmly looked at the red-robed man. The red-robed man’s figure turned back into the red fog—which began permeating the surroundings.

Red fog rose from the ground and condensed one red-robed figure after another. Hundreds appeared at the same time, and more were being produced.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

A large number of red-robed men charged at Meng Chuan. They were varied in build, some big and tall, others thin and short. Some ran fast while others ran slow. Some were bare-handed, while others held all kinds of weapons.

Humph. Meng Chuan stood where he was and waited for the red-robed men to reach him before he made his move.

He transformed into a bolt of lightning and moved bizarrely. He passed through the red-robed figures, and his saber struck them silently. Meng Chuan was using his fastest move—Extreme Yin Stance! The Extreme Yin Stance was a variation of the Heart Saber Stance. It ignored the Yin-Yang Transformation and pursued speed instead. It was very suitable for killing weaker opponents.

His saber struck out silently. With one slash, he could slice through three to four red-robed men. Following that, he used his movement technique before slashing at two red-robed men horizontally.

The saber kept changing direction silently.

In the blink of an eye, over 100 red-robed men were sliced apart and transformed into red fog, causing the surrounding fog to grow thicker.

Oh? Meng Chuan immediately realized that his protective Quintessential Essence could no longer withstand the dense red fog. It instantly seeped into his body and his sea of consciousness.

The red fog didn’t affect his body; it affected his consciousness. He had the urge to go crazy.

With a thought, his Essence Soul blocked the red fog, allowing him to maintain his lucidity.

The number of red-robed men is increasing. Meng Chuan noticed that he wasn’t in a favorable position. The more he killed, the more red-robed men appeared. The red-robed men’s strength was increasing as well.

After Meng Chuan killed over 1000 red-robed men, there were even sharpshooters among the red-robed men! They shot from afar; their arrows were so terrifying that he didn’t dare use his body to block them.

The red-robed men are growing stronger. A few of them are approaching the strength of a Great Solar Godfiend. Meng Chuan was secretly alarmed. He continued using his movement technique. He was able to control the battlefield, ensuring that only a small number of red-robed men could attack him simultaneously.

This fog... Meng Chuan could still withstand the red-robed men’s onslaught since his speed was comparable to that of a Regis Godfiend. If he wanted to escape, they wouldn’t be able to catch up. He controlled the flow of the battle, easily spitting them into small groups before slaying them! However, the thick red fog’s impact on his sea of consciousness was constantly increasingly. His Essence Soul struggled, allowing a sliver of the red fog to enter his sea of consciousness.

Meng Chuan even felt his heart burning with madness.

I can’t continue killing them. The more I kill, the thicker the red fog becomes. I’ll lose control. Meng Chuan stopped killing. He could only rely on his movement techniques to escape the thousand-plus red-robed men.

At the very least, he knew how powerful his perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was now. The red-robed men mostly had Indestructible Godfiend strength. Very few of them had a Great Solar Godfiend’s strength. If they did, Meng Chuan would have long failed to hold out if they all had a Great Solar Godfiend’s strength! Luckily, he easily shrugged them off with his speed. The red-robed men didn’t pose a threat to Meng Chuan as he zoomed around the battlefield.

After running for a while, the red-robed men suddenly collapsed, thickening the thick red fog once again.

Not good! Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul couldn’t put up a defense as the red fog drowned his sea of consciousness.

At that instant, the red fog receded.

Whoosh! Whoosh! The red fog receded into the black rock, and everything around him returned to normal.

However, a white fog wafted over. It opened up a path for Meng Chuan. It led to a towering pillar in the southeast.

It wants me to head over? Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled. He tried to take two steps to the side, but the white fog formed an invisible barrier that prevented him from heading elsewhere.

I can only move forward. Meng Chuan didn’t hesitate and walked forward. He also carefully observed his surroundings. The other 11 pillars were blurry in the white fog, and he couldn’t get close to them.

After walking for nearly three kilometers, he reached the pillar.

The towering pillar was pitch-black, but it glowed red.

Swoosh.

A beam of light flew out from the pillar and landed on Meng Chuan.

A tiny crystal drilled into Meng Chuan’s body. This crystal was even smaller than a speck of dust! It was smaller than anything Meng Chuan had seen before. It was so small that his Quintessential Essence and body couldn’t even block it. It easily entered Meng Chuan’s body and arrived at Meng Chuan’s sternum—where his conception vessel acupoint laid.

The conception vessel acupoint was an extremely important acupoint in a Godfiend body.

Boom!

As the tiny crystal entered the conception vessel acupoint, there was a loud boom. The acupoint completely transformed and formed a separate space. It could be compared to the dantian space and sea of consciousness.

Middle dantian! Meng Chuan came to a realization.

The lower dantian was where Quintessential Essence gathered. In the middle dantian—at the conception vessel acupoint—Regis Godfiends could condense Godfiend Blood Crystals when cultivating their Godfiend bodies. Godfiend Blood Crystals were gathered in the middle dantian.

The upper dantian was the sea of consciousness. It was where the Essence Soul resided.

Only a Regis Godfiend can open up the middle dantian. That tiny crystal actually helped me open up my middle dantian? Meng Chuan was still puzzled. When he looked at the strange, tiny crystal, information poured into his consciousness.

Completely motionless, Meng Chuan stood in front of the towering pillar. He needed some time to digest the information that had been shoved into his consciousness.

Whoosh.

A dark vortex appeared beside him and swallowed Meng Chuan.

...

Meng Chuan was thrown out of the treasured land.

He staggered to his feet and looked around. He saw his master and the female in golden-white robes.

I’m out? Meng Chuan was somewhat dazed. How long had it been since he entered?

“He came out in just an hour. That was fast.” Supremacy Luotang inquired, “Meng Chuan, what sort of opportunity did you obtain?”

By the side, Supremacy Qin Wu smiled and said, “The length of time spent in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven has nothing to do with an opportunity’s quality. Meng Chuan, what kind of opportunity did you obtain?”

“What did I get?” Meng Chuan was still dazed. This was because the information the tiny, mysterious crystal had transmitted into his consciousness shocked him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 - Down the Mountain (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The tiny crystal contained a cultivation system completely different from the Quintessential Essence system.

For example, demons mainly focused on their bodies, their demonic powers being secondary. Human Godfiends’ bodies were secondary, while Quintessential Essence was their primary focus. However, the legacy obtained by Meng Chuan was purely for body cultivation.

This system was split into several levels. Foundation Establishment, Diamond, Divine Power, Undying, Blood Droplet, Sage Becoming, and Mythical.

The Foundation Establishment realm required a first-stage Essence Soul for successful cultivation. The Diamond realm required a second-level Essence Soul, and so on. The Mythical realm’s threshold was a seventh-stage Essence Soul.

Apart from having extremely high requirements on one’s Essence Soul, it also had very high requirements for Essence souls and external objects. Therefore, this system’s cultivation difficulty was even greater than that of the Body-tempering Godfiend system.

However, this system was very powerful. A Foundation Establishment expert had strength equivalent to an Indestructible Godfiend. A Diamond Expert held strength equal to a Great Solar Godfiend. Divine Power experts were as strong as half-step Marquis Godfiends. The human’s Quintessential Essence system had a huge jump in strength from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm. However, in this body cultivation system, every advancement in strength wasn’t tremendous.

Undying experts were equivalent to Marquis Godfiends. With just their physical body, an Undying expert could match a Marquis Godfiend in strength. Their bodies could match many divine armaments. Even if one suffered from severed limbs or if his head was riddled by 18 holes, one could recover in the blink of an eye. In terms of vitality, this cultivation system was much better than the human’s Quintessential Essence system.

In the Blood Droplet realm, the vitality of one’s body was even more exaggerated. Even if one’s body was obliterated, one drop of blood would lead to resurrection. With their body alone, one could match a Regis Godfiend.

A Sage Becoming expert was equivalent to a Creation Supremacy.

The body of a Mythical expert was indestructible! They had long lifespans! Their Essence Souls might dissipate after 10,000 years, but their bodies remained eternal and indestructible.

However, this cultivation system required a rare treasure—Cosmos Crystals. One had to rely on them to reach the Foundation Establishment realm! One could use Cosmos Crystals to cultivate faster. Without it, one’s cultivation speed would be much slower.

As for stepping from the Blood Droplet realm to the Sage Becoming realm, one needed 1.5 kilograms of Cosmos Crystals. Otherwise, there was no way to breakthrough.

To reach the Mythical realm, one needed 50 kilograms of Cosmos Crystals.

The tiny crystal in Meng Chuan’s body was a Cosmo Crystal. Although it was smaller than dust particles, it was extremely heavy. At this size, it was 50 grams.

...

Meng Chuan said respectfully, “Master, Aunt-Master, the opportunity I obtained is another cultivation system that focuses on the body. The highest realm is the Mythical realm.”

“Oh.” Supremacy Qin Wu and Supremacy Luotang frowned slightly. They naturally knew what it was.

This opportunity wasn’t bad, but it wasn’t that good either.

“In our world, you can reach the Blood Droplet realm at most,” said Qin Wu. “That’s because our world only has a few Cosmo Crystals—which are used for legacies. There aren’t any 1.5-kilogram Cosmos Crystals.”

“I understand,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

“This legacy will greatly increase your chances of survival on the battlefield. Your strength will also increase. I guess it’s not considered bad.” Qin Wu nodded slightly. “Alright, you may return. Remember not to say anything about Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven.”

“Yes, I will take my leave.” Meng Chuan immediately left.

Supremacy Qin Wu and Supremacy Luotang frowned slightly.

“I was hoping he would obtain some other opportunity.” Supremacy Luotang shook her head gently. “This cultivation system is limited when it comes to raising Meng Chuan’s strength. At least, it will give him some life-preservation methods.”

“This physical body system allows one to maintain their peak lifeforce,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “Others have to make breakthroughs while they are still young. When they grow old, the aging of their Godfiend bodies will drastically reduce their chances of breaking through. However, if Meng Chuan cultivates this system, his lifeforce will remain at its peak. In the future, when he becomes a Regis Godfiend, he still has a chance of reaching the Creation realm even when he’s close to the end of his 500-year lifespan. As for others, their chances of breaking through drop once they are over 150 years old. There is almost zero chance once they are over 300 years old. If he can maintain peak lifeforce when he’s 500 years old, a lot will be brought to the table.”

“That’s true.” Supremacy Luotang nodded before her phantom dissipated.

Supremacy Qin Wu also watched the lightning bolt heading straight for Bright Scenic Peak from afar. Although he claimed there were plenty of benefits, he wasn’t too satisfied with the outcome. After all, the physical body system was limited to the Regis Godfiend level in the human world.

...

Meng Chuan was very satisfied with this opportunity.

Firstly, he already had a second-stage Essence Soul. With his Greater Mastery of Saber Soul, it wouldn’t take him long to reach the Diamond realm. By then, his physical strength would be no less than his Great Solar Quintessential Essence. The combination of the two would elevate his strength on the battlefield greatly. Furthermore, his life-preservation means would be much stronger.

His body would be enough to match all his peers. Even demon bodies were incomparable.

Secondly, although the Blood Droplet realm was the furthest one could cultivate in the human world, it was still comparable to the Incessant realm. That was impressive. Just by relying on one’s body to fight against a Regis Godfiend, meant that this body could be considered the best in the world. With a body comparable to divine armaments, he could resurrect from a single drop of blood, even if his body was obliterated. Meng Chuan had never heard of human Godfiends being capable of doing such a thing.

He was very satisfied with this opportunity. However, he didn’t know that the opportunities in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven were all extraordinary. His opportunity peaked at the Blood Droplet realm, so it could only be considered an average opportunity.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan landed in his cave abode’s yard.

“Qiyue,” shouted Meng Chuan.

“That fast?” Liu Qiyue walked out of the cave abode smiling, and said, “It hasn’t even been two hours. I’ll heat up the dishes for you. Master took you away before we could even finish dinner.”

Meng Chuan entered the hall in a good mood.

Liu Qiyue had excellent control over fire. She placed the cutlery in front of Meng Chuan and heated up the dishes.

“Why did Master look for you?” Liu Qiyue asked curiously.

Meng Chuan sat down and ate. “Master saw that a mystic technique was rather suitable for me, so he imparted it to me. My perception is quite high, so I acquired it in less than two hours.”

He had no other choice but to lie. His master forbade him from revealing any information on Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven. He could only lie about what had happened.

If news of Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven being opened for Meng Chuan was spread, he would become a thorn in the demons’ side. After all, Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven was rarely opened. Even Xue Feng, Xiao Yunyue, and so on, weren’t qualified to enter Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven despite it being wartime.

From this, one could imagine how monstrously talented they had to be for Archean Mountain to open Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven for them.

“He actually imparted a mystic technique secretly. It looks like he thinks highly of you.” Liu Qiyue was happy.

“It’s only a life-preservation mystic technique. I happen to meet the requirements for cultivation.” Meng Chuan didn’t say much. He was afraid the more he spoke, the likelier his lies would be found out.

...

Days passed.

Archean Mountain carefully studied the overall situation and even contacted several medium-sized city passes. It was troublesome to contact them from long distances. Finally, on 6th November, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue obtained their deployment details.

“North River Pass?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue sat in the pavilion, drinking warm tea as they read the dossier sent by Archean Mountain.

“North River Pass is 6500 kilometers from Eastcalm Prefecture. It’s really far,” Liu Qiyue whispered. “I thought we would be sent somewhere as close to our hometown as possible.”

Meng Chuan looked at the dossier and said, “There are quite a few mid-sized city passes that are in grim states. We are two of the strongest Great Solar Godfiends. With two peak Great Solar Godfiends, a reasonable allocation can increase the strength of several city passes. The two of us requested to be deployed to the same city pass, and that involves resource reallocation. It’s naturally not easy to deploy us.”

“I know. I was just saying that in passing,” said Liu Qiyue. “According to the dossier, North River Pass is quite a bitter cold land.”

“It doesn’t matter where we are when killing demon monarchs.” Meng Chuan looked at the dossier’s introduction. He gained a general understanding of North River Pass.

...

15th November. Early morning at Blood Red Cliff.

Five Godfiends—including Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue—were leaving the mountain today. In fact, roughly twenty disciples left the mountain every year. Most people tried their best to set off together!

“Senior Brother Meng, Senior Sister Liu.” Yan Chitong still looked like a teenager. He was extremely excited and envious. “Your clothes are really beautiful. Unfortunately, I have to clear the Nine Mystical Caves test before I can choose robes and divine armaments.”

Meng Chuan was dressed in the dark cyan robe; his outer robe fluttered in the wind. He wore combat boots; Demon Slayer was by his waist. Liu Qiyue was in a cyan-red robe; her clothes were brighter and even more dazzling. She carried a bow and a quiver on her back. The two stood together with their Great Solar Godfiend auras emanating; many were envious when they saw them.

“Be careful after you leave the mountain. The battlefield is different from here,” Yan Jin advised.

“We can contact each other through letters,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. Other than Qiyue, Yan Jin was his best friend on the mountain.

“The Mountain Lord is here.”

The Godfiend disciples fell silent.

Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi walked over with a smile. The former laughed loudly and said, “Alright, it’s time for the five of you to take a picture.”

“Yes.” The five disciples who were leaving took their places. This picture would forever be stored on Archean Mountain. If they died in the future, the juniors would see these images.

The five disciples stood in what they felt would be the best pose.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but look at each other; their smiles radiant.

“Alright, the mark has been recorded.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded. Like usual, the Memento Wall recorded the pictures of disciples who were leaving the mountain.

This batch of leaving disciples was somewhat special. Two of them were peerless geniuses—Liu Qiyue, who had a Phoenix Divine Body, and Meng Chuan. Archean Mountain had even opened Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven for Meng Chuan. He was the most highly-valued disciple in the past 100 years. Of course, only the two Supremacies and Meng Chuan knew that.

“The five of you should head down the mountain and meet up with Marquis Southcloud quickly. Marquis Southcloud will be the one sending you to the city passes,” instructed Archean Mountain Lord.

“Yes.” The five disciples acknowledged the order and left the mountain immediately.

Archean Mountain Lord swept his gaze across the other Godfiend disciples and shouted, “The other disciples, hurry to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion. The Supremacy’s lecture will soon begin.”

“Yes.” The disciples left obediently and rushed to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

Yan Jin stayed on Blood Red cliff, watching Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue depart before turning to leave.

...

At the foot of Archean Mountain range, Marquis Southcloud and the giant fiery-red bird were already there. The bird’s back was loaded with luggage. Archean Mountain had delivered the five disciples’ luggage ahead of time.

“Uncle-Master,” Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and company greeted respectfully.

Marquis Southcloud smiled and nodded. “When I learned that Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were leaving the mountain, I specially requested to be the escort.”

“Thank you, Uncle-Master,” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue said gratefully.

According to Archean Mountain’s rules, disciples that weren’t Marquis Godfiends were considered of the same generation. Marquis Godfiends and above were of higher status. Unless there was a direct master-disciple relationship, Marquis Godfiends would address the Mountain Lord and Supremacy as senior brother.

“Come on up.” Marquis Southcloud sat on the bird’s back. The five of them went up and held their luggage.

“Let’s go.” Marquis Southcloud gently patted the fiery bird.

Swoosh.

The giant fiery red bird immediately soared into the sky. Meng Chuan watched themselves flying away from Archean Mountain. Soon, they were above the clouds as they flew north towards North River Pass.

Final Chapter of Volume—Heroes On All Fronts

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 - The Other Position
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They left Archean Mountain in the morning and arrived at North River Pass in the afternoon.

“North River Pass is up ahead.” Marquis Southcloud pointed ahead.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue looked ahead carefully.

A towering, steep city pass appeared in front of them. Unlike other city passes in human history, the city passes for fending off demons were rather special. North River Pass was split into an inner-city pass, and an outer-city pass! The inner-city pass was a circular pass with a diameter of 1.5 kilometers. The city wall was 800 feet tall and about 200 feet thick! It was as majestic as a mountain. It was too difficult for mortals to build something like this. Medium-sized city passes were built by Regis Godfiends personally.

Regis Godfiends had the ability to move mountains. They could move countless boulders and cut them into neat, massive blocks of rock. This was how a city pass was built.

The outer-city pass encircled the inner-city pass. It was 2.5 kilometers in diameter, and the city wall was 300 feet tall.

“That’s the World Entrance.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue saw it.

Inside the towering inner-city pass was a World Entrance—roughly a kilometer long and a quarter-kilometer wide! Through the World Entrance, one could see the Demon Realm vaguely.

Liu Qiyue looked down and spoke via voice transmission, “For the next three years, this will be our battlefield.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Many people lived in North River Pass. Hundreds of thousands of people lived south of North River Pass. Lesser demons capable of flight slipped through the cracks at North River Pass and would pose a threat to the surrounding village forts. Therefore, there weren’t any large forts for dozens of kilometers. The forts were all at North River Pass! Human Godfiends mainly dealt with demon monarchs. They couldn’t deal with all the demons.

To mortals, North River Pass was relatively safe. It was much safer than ordinary forts outside of North River Pass. In order to continue the sustained fight on the battlefield, there was a need for many mortals. There were over 20,000 mortal soldiers stationed here perpetually; 30,000 people were in charge of logistics, and over 5000 craftsmen populated their ranks. There were also personnel that provided medical help, delivered grain, etc.

With a high population, there would naturally be commerce. North River Pass was prosperous.

Whoosh.

The giant fiery-red bird swooped down.

In a brothel’s quiet loft at North River Pass, a handsome red-robed man lay in the arms of a beautiful courtesan. He drank as he took in the scenery outside the window.

Oh? The red-robed man suddenly sat up straight and looked at the giant fiery-red bird from afar.

He immediately saw Marquis Southcloud on the giant fiery-red bird’s back. He also saw five other Godfiends.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are here? The red-robed man smiled and returned back to the courtesan’s arms, continuing to enjoy himself.

In a garden at North River Pass, several plum blossoms had already bloomed.

A woman sat cross-legged with two swords placed on her lap. As she breathed, black and white energy emerged from her nostrils and fused with the two swords on her lap. The two swords also released a sword aura that the woman sucked back into her body.

Huh?

The woman opened her eyes—her gaze was as sharp as swords. As she stared at the giant fiery-red bird that swooped down from the sky, her gaze stopped on Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are here? Meng Chuan will fight alongside me in the future. Is he trustworthy?

...

The giant fiery-red bird’s arrival attracted the attention of many Godfiends in North River Pass.

Whoosh. The giant fiery-red bird landed within General Manor.

“Greetings, Uncle-Master.”

A thin man from General Manor came to receive him. His face was somewhat wrinkled, and he looked rather old.

The five Godfiend disciples and Marquis Southcloud jumped off. Marquis Southcloud smiled and said, “Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, let me introduce you. This is North River Pass’s Defense General Zhang Yunhu.”

“Greetings, Senior Brother Zhang.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue bowed.

Zhang Yunhu was North River Pass’s Defense General! He had been fighting his entire life and had been on many battlefields. Now, he was a general of a medium-sized city pass. It was clear that Archean Mountain trusted him! He had made plenty of contributions and had been conferred the title of earl. Among the original ten Great Solar Godfiends in North River Pass, only Zhang Yunhu had been conferred the title of earl. His strength was also the greatest.

“Haha, I’ve long been waiting for the two of you to come.” Zhang Yunhu looked at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue, his eyes glowing with a child’s excitement. “I never even imagined having two juniors who have perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies here. By sending you to me, Mountain Lord has made life a lot easier for me.”

“The two of us don’t have any battle experience. We still need your guidance, Senior Brother,” said Meng Chuan.

“Experience comes with time, but there’s no way to cheat strength.” Zhang Yunhu laughed.

“They are here? They are here?” A loud voice rang out. A fat man ran over with a little fatty in his arms. He immediately bowed respectfully to Marquis Southcloud. “Greetings, Uncle-Master.”

Marquis Southcloud nodded slightly.

The fat man’s smile was sincere as he looked at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. “My name is Fan Cheng. I’ve been down the mountain for over twenty years. However, I heard that there’s a couple on Archean Mountain that makes one envious when you see them. They have perfected-grade Godfiend bodies. I never expected to fight alongside you. I’m really happy. Oh, this is my son, Fivekilo Fan! He was five kilograms when he was born. He kept clamoring about meeting the new Uncle-Master and Aunt-Master.”

The fat child’s eyes lit up as he looked at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue curiously.

“Fivekilo Fan. This name is really interesting.” Liu Qiyue waved her hand and summoned some sand and flames. The sand slowly melted in the flames and eventually solidified. It turned into a tiny sculpture of the little fatty. “I didn’t prepare any gifts. Here’s a trinket for you.” She handed the little sculpture to the little fatty.

The little fatty happily received it and immediately thanked her, “Thank you, Aunt-Master.”

Meng Chuan was embarrassed. He didn’t make any preparations, nor was he as capable as Liu Qiyue.

“Alright. Junior Brother Fan, have fun with your son. I still have some business to attend to,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile.

“Alright. I’ll treat the two of you to a meal in the future. My wife’s cooking is especially delicious.” The fat man smiled as he carried his son away.

“Definitely,” replied Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Fan Cheng was one of the deputy generals at North River Pass!

Those who could be deputy generals at medium-sized city passes were considered experts among Great Solar Godfiends. In the future, they would be Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan’s comrades.

“Junior Sister Liu, other junior brothers, and sisters. Have some rest first,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile. “Junior Brother Meng and I have some business to discuss with Uncle-Master.”

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue and the others nodded. Under the warm reception of the housekeeper, they went elsewhere to rest.

Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled as he followed Zhang Yunhu and Marquis Southcloud to a nearby hall.

The three of them sat down. Marquis Southcloud said, “Meng Chuan, other than being a deputy general at North River Pass, you have another duty.”

“Another duty?” Meng Chuan was puzzled.

“Yes.” Marquis Southcloud nodded and took out a white square token. He casually tossed it at him, and the white jade token floated to Meng Chuan’s side. After receiving it, he saw that the front of the token had the word “Patrol,” while the back had a rather complicated map. It was a map of 18 surrounding prefectures within 500 kilometers of North River pass.

Marquis Southcloud said, “You are much faster than Marquis Godfiends. Your speed can match a Regis Godfiend’s! Therefore, you are to be a Patroller. With North River Pass at the center, you will patrol these 18 prefectures! If there are any pleas for help within the 18 prefectures, your token will alert you. You must head there as fast as possible and rescue them.

“Usually, it would already be too late when Marquis Godfiends rush over to cities that are being attacked or city passes that are being breached. You are much faster than Marquis Godfiends. You can reinforce these prefectures much faster than us. We would take an hour to reach these prefectures, but you would only take ten minutes. The faster you are, the less damage the demons can cause. You can save more lives and even turn the tables.”

“I understand.” Meng Chuan took the token and thought of Eastcalm Prefecture.

Back when Eastcalm Prefecture was invaded by demons, there would’ve been fewer deaths if powerful Godfiends could arrive quickly. However, there were just too few Marquis and Regis Godfiends. They needed to guard important areas, and couldn’t leave without reason. Only two or three Regis Godfiends roamed the world freely. There was no way for them to help the vast Great Zhou Dynasty.

“Your strength is enough to resolve an ordinary demon invasion. You can play a huge role in any battle that doesn’t require Marquis or Regis Godfiends,” said Marquis Southcloud. “You will receive 100,000 credits every year as a Patroller. If you succeed in protecting various areas, you will also be rewarded.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 - Integrating With One Another
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Zhang Yunhu smiled as well. “Usually, only Marquis and Regis Godfiends take on the Patroller position. There aren’t many Great Solar Godfiends that can be Patrollers.”

“Meng Chuan, remember this. Once you finish reinforcing a place, immediately return to North River Pass,” Marquis Southcloud said.

“Yes,” replied Meng Chuan. He knew that he became a Patroller because of his speed that matched a Regis Godfiend’s.

The 18 prefectures around North River Pass were in three different States.

“The demons only attack North River Pass two or three times a year,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Junior Brother Meng, you will only need to reinforce places once or twice a year. It will take two hours at most every time! I doubt that attacks will happen on the same day. Junior Brother Meng, we can still hold on if we are a little more cautious.”

“Yes, get Ge Cong and Wu Zixiu to prepare quickly. I need to go to another city pass,” instructed Marquis Southcloud.

“Alright, they’ve long been prepared.” Zhang Yunhu nodded.

...

Moments later, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue sent Marquis Southcloud and company off.

Marquis Southcloud brought the three other Godfiend disciples and two more Godfiends, Ge Cong, and Wu Zixiu—who were being deployed elsewhere since Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived at North River Pass.

“You are both stronger than us,” said Wu Zixiu when he left. “It’s good that you’ve come to North River Pass. Senior Sister Yu, Junior Sister Mu, and Senior Brother Shi are a little odd, but you can trust them with your lives.”

“Understood.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Wu Zixiu was a sharpshooter. He had a golden divine rune between his brows.

Meng Chuan had cultivated Lightning Runes. They were on his back, increasing his lightning’s power greatly. Liu Qiyue also had a Phoenix rune on her back.

“We’ll be leaving then.”

“Haha, we’re finally a bit closer to our homeland.” The two laughed as they boarded the giant fiery-red bird’s back.

“Let’s go.” Marquis Southcloud gently patted the bird’s neck. The bird immediately soared into the sky and flew southeast.

...

“I heard that you requested to live in the same mansion, so I’ve arranged that.” Zhang Yunhu grinned and stood in front of a luxurious manor. “How is it? Not bad, huh?”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded in satisfaction.

North River Pass’s outer city walls could be seen behind the mansion! Godfiend residences in North River Pass were close to the outer city walls. Once the drums sounded, Godfiends would be able to reach the inner-city walls quickly.

“Rest for now. Come to my place tonight. I’ve prepared a banquet. All the Godfiends at North River Pass will attend,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile. “It’s for everyone to know each other.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

Stewards and servants managed the manor. They were hired by the imperial government to serve Godfiends. The stewards and servants were extremely diligent.

...

That night, at North River Pass’s General Manor.

A total of 31 Godfiends gathered. General Zhang Yunhu, the nine deputy generals—Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, Shi Xiu, Yu Chiyan, Mu Qing, Yang Xingwu, Qiu Qi, and Feng Qianfan—and 21 commanders were North River Pass’s main force.

Meng Chuan held a cup—filled with alcohol—and chatted with the Godfiends, familiarizing himself with them.

The Godfiends at North River Pass had their own duties.

Two deputy generals—Qiu Qi and Feng Qianfan—led 19 ordinary Godfiends and mortal soldiers to fend off mortal demons and weak demon monarchs. Although Qiu Qi and Feng Qianfan were also Great Solar Godfiends, they were outer sect disciples. They were middle-grade Godfiends, and they were slightly inferior to the other deputy generals. In terms of strength, they were much weaker. However, they had rich experience in leading an army. Therefore, they were in charge of fending off ordinary demons and weak demon monarchs!

Zhang Yunhu, the seven other deputy generals, and two sharpshooter commanders were all Archean Mountain disciples. They were the main force that dealt with third Firmament demon monarchs!

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue sat with Meng Chuan and said via voice transmission, “Senior Brother Zhang has a straightforward personality. He looks like he’s easy to get along with.”

Meng Chuan agreed when he looked at Zhang Yunhu—who was flushed red thanks to the alcohol. Zhang Yunhu had a charm that made everyone around him trust him! He was indeed a veteran general.

“Senior Brother Fan Cheng and Senior Sister Yang Xingwu are both good-tempered people,” said Liu Qiyue. “Senior Brother Shi Xiu, Senior Sister Yu Chiyan, and Senior Sister Mu Qing are somewhat special.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

“Junior Brother Meng.” The white-robed Shi Xiu, who was drinking wine, said with a laugh, “From now on, we will work together to kill enemies. From tomorrow onwards, let’s train together. We don’t want to show flaws on the battlefield due to poor teamwork.”

“Of course.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Shi Xiu’s gaze turned a little sinister. It was said that Shi Xiu was very unbridled. He always stayed in places of revelry. He cultivated the Sanguine Divine Body—the most painful Godfiend Body to cultivate. Meng Chuan had been alarmed by just the Godfiend body’s description. However, Shi Xiu had successfully cultivated it and had even reached the Great Solar realm. One could imagine how much pain he had experienced.

“Me too. Let’s practice together.” Senior Sister Mu Qing—who carried two swords on her back as she sat—said coldly, “I don’t want anyone to lose their lives because of you, Meng Chuan.”

“The two of you are underestimating Junior Brother Meng too much.” Yu Chiyan covered her mouth and laughed. Her laughter was very gentle, and it carried a stunning charm. “Junior Brother Meng is a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body expert, one that appears once every few centuries. When we are killing demon monarchs, having Junior Brother Meng will probably make things easier.”

Senior Sister Yu Chiyan cultivated the Mirage Fiend Body! Every medium-sized city pass had a Godfiend that cultivated the Mirage Fiend Body. This was because such a Godfiend could control the enemy’s consciousness! Even if they couldn’t control demon monarchs, they could provide interference. In a life-and-death battle, they were of great help.

“Let’s train together. Let’s train together.” Shi Xiu was very pleased. “Junior Brother Meng, Junior Sister Mu doesn’t even bother talking with me when I usually visit her. It’s all thanks to you.”

“I’ll train with Meng Chuan. You aren’t included.” Senior Sister Mu Qing continued coldly, “I’m afraid that Meng Chuan’ll burden me. You? You’ve been on the battlefield for far longer than me. There’s no need for you to practice teamwork with me.”

Shi Xiu’s expression immediately turned bitter. “Alright, I’ll just watch from the side.”

Mu Qing snorted coldly.

Meng Chuan blinked. He could sense that Shi Xiu, Yu Chiyan, and Mu Qing’s relationship wasn’t ordinary.

“It’s good to train and work on our teamwork. Everyone should do it together,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile. “Frequent practice will make us more proficient on the battlefield and reduce our mistakes. You can’t be blindly confident just because you are strong! On the battlefield, we have to rely on our collective strength! It’s not about fighting alone. Do you think you can defeat hundreds of demon monarchs alone?”

Meng Chuan nodded.

Once a large battle occurred at a medium-sized city pass, they would often face hundreds of demon monarchs. They only had 31 Godfiends! However, these battles still depended on an individual’s strength. For example, Meng Chuan could wipe out ten third Firmament demon monarchs alone. As a sharpshooter, Liu Qiyue was even more terrifying. As for General Zhang Yunhu, he was stronger than both Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. After all, he was a Godfiend who had long reached the Realm of Dao. In terms of his weapon arts, he was comparable to Marquis Godfiends.

Mu Qing, Shi Xiu, Fang Cheng, Yu Chiyan, and Yang Xingwu were all rather powerful. When they worked together, their might soared due to their synergy with one another. With eight Great Solar Godfiends working together, crushing 30 third Firmament demon monarchs was very easy. However, demons would sometimes gather many third Firmament demon monarch elites. It would be dangerous if they encountered such a group.

Of course, a medium-sized city pass had many defensive measures! If the demons sent too many elites, it was very likely that they would be killed by the humans instead! It was also possible that the humans were unable to hold the city pass and end up defeated.

This was war! The outcome was unpredictable.

...

The stable World Entrance was located in North River Pass’s inner-city. Mortal soldiers patrolled it daily.

A true large-scale assault only happened two or three times a year. This was because each attack led to tragic outcomes! At the very least, a large number of mortal demons were slaughtered each time. The humans’ goal was to ensure that no mortal demons could escape North River Pass!

War was cruel. Mortal humans suffered losses, but the demons suffered even greater losses due to not having the terrain advantage. Therefore, a buffer period occurred after each major battle before another large demon army would attack.

“Remember, we have to protect Junior Sister Yu and Junior Sister Yang when we battle demon monarchs,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Junior Sister Yang has a domain and can save us at critical moments. Junior Sister Yu can attack demon monarch consciousnesses. With them around, we can deal with demon monarchs more easily.” Zhang Yunhu was telling Meng Chuan critical information to remember on the battlefield.

Although many people would gradually understand such things when in actual combat, they still had to be mentioned!

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded as he listened.

Far away, Liu Qiyue watched Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunhu, Shi Xiu, Yu Chiyan, Mu Qing, and Yang Xingwu talking about teamwork and their experiences. She wasn’t involved in the conversation.

As a sharpshooter, she just needed to stay at the city tower’s safest place and shoot from afar. Furthermore, she had Fan Cheng to protect her! It was much easier for her.

Meng Chuan and the other five had to engage in melee combat. That meant that they hovered over the edge of life and death. Teamwork was extremely important. They weren’t afraid of powerful opponents, just stupid teammates. Stupid teammates would implicate others. Meng Chuan also understood this.

He had already decided to follow what Senior Brother Zhang Yunhu had said: “When you first start working together, don’t take any risks. You have to be careful and cautious. Once we’re somewhat familiar with you, then we’ll consider some ideas we can pull off together.”

“Understood.” As a rookie, Meng Chuan was extremely humble.

A rookie wasn’t required to be strong on the battlefield; they just needed not to burden their allies. Otherwise, they might regret their actions for their entire lives.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 - Rain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Above North River Pass’s inner-city wall.

Meng Chuan looked down. The city wall was 800 feet tall. Ordinary mortals would suffer from some level of acrophobia when looking down from such heights!

The World Entrance—about a kilometer long and a quarter-kilometer wide—caused killing intent to surge inside Meng Chuan. On the World Entrance’s other side was the source of all the pain humans had suffered for the past 800 years. Meng Chuan could smell the foul stench of blood. Many mortal soldiers and Godfiends had perished here. However, even more demons died here!

“How is it?” Zhang Yunhu walked over and looked down. “How does it feel to look down for the first time?”

“It’s still alright.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly. “Can water be placed on the ground? Or things like chains?”

“What are you getting at?” Zhang Yunhu’s heart stirred.

“As you know, I can use lightning.” Meng Chuan looked down. “If I don’t have a conducting medium, the area my lightning can affect will be lesser. A lot of my lightning’s power will be consumed for dielectric breakdown to occur. If the ground is filled with chains or water, my lightning will cover the entire battlefield instantly.”

Zhang Yunhu’s eyes lit up as he solemnly asked, “How powerful will it be?”

“Everything below the demon monarch realm will die without question. Second Firmament demon monarchs will be severely injured, and third Firmament demon monarchs will be slightly affected,” said Meng Chuan. “However, this has the best results when employed for the first time. In the future, the enemy will be on guard against this.”

“North River Pass doesn’t have that many chains, but creating shallow puddles is very easy,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile.

...

Night fell.

“I’ve already compacted the ground below. Junior Sister Yan, you can summon the rain now,” instructed Zhang Yunhu. There were 31 Godfiends at North River Pass; each had different strengths. For example, some could summon wind and rain, and some could control fire and lightning.

“Yes, Senior Brother Zhang.” Yan Jun immediately controlled the surroundings with her Quintessential Essence. She could attack with her water domain! Thus, it was very easy for her to summon “rain.”

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The rain grew heavier and heavier. Under the pouring rain, water gradually pooled on the ground.

“Stop when the water is three feet deep,” instructed Zhang Yunhu.

“Yes.” Yan Jun nodded solemnly. She continuously used her domain to summon rain and continue the downpour.

...

On the other side of the World Entrance.

In the Demon Realm, a demon troop was also permanently stationed there. The demons held the absolute advantage; thus, they were unafraid of humans charging in since it would be suicidal. The guards weren’t needed, but they still needed to be careful of humans setting traps in the Human Realm. Therefore, they would send lesser demons to keep an eye. In fact, all traps had limited effects against the combined forces of demon monarchs. It was not worth setting up traps.

“It’s raining in the human world.” A tiger demon’s massive head passed through the World Entrance and carefully looked to the other side. He could see the rain pouring heavily in the human world. “The rain is quite heavy.”

The demons thought nothing of it. Wasn’t it common for a storm to happen?

...

29th February, night. Three months after arriving at North River Pass.

In a quiet room in a manor.

Meng Chuan sat in the lotus position and consumed another Thousand Star Pill. This was the tenth Thousand Star Pills he had consumed tonight. Following that, he used the Power of the Essence Soul and carefully observed his body. It wasn’t to muster his strength! It was purely observation. He observed his body carefully using a mystic technique. He had cultivated the body cultivation system he had obtained from Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven. The subtle components of his body were magnified greatly with the mystic technique. He could see all kinds of large and small particles clearly.

From his current microscopic point of view, Meng Chuan could see that the human body was formed from countless tiny particles. Meng Chuan was astonished when he obtained this cultivation system but began cultivating this system nevertheless. Thanks to his powerful Godfiend body, second-stage Essence Soul, and high cultivation realm, he completed Foundation Establishment—using the Cosmo Crystal he obtained from Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven—in a month. He was now cultivating the Diamond realm.

The Diamond realm cultivated one’s body at a deeper level. He could already see various tiny particles. Be it muscle, skin, bones, organs, blood, or anything in his body; they were formed from tiny particles. The Diamond realm united these tiny particles when guided by his Saber Soul. The strength of these tiny particles gradually fused and formed the Diamond body.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Meng Chuan guided large amounts of Quintessential Essence with his Saber Soul. He controlled the minute movements and used the Power of Essence Soul to cultivate these extremely tiny particles.

This was a very elaborate and intricate cultivation method, much more difficult than embroidering flowers on rice grains. The Diamond realm required one to cultivate all the tiny particles in one’s body! This took an immense amount of energy. Meng Chuan’s energy source was his Quintessential Essence, and he needed to replenish his Quintessential Essence with Thousand Star Pills constantly. He needed to consume ten Thousand Stars Pills during his four-hour daily cultivation.

However, this would still take him half a year to complete the Diamond realm! Thankfully, Meng Chuan had cultivated on Myriad Thunder Peak back at Archean Mountain. He consumed very few Thousand Star Pills, and he had managed to save up nearly 2,000 of them. It was barely enough for him to complete the Diamond realm.

Now, he had been in the Diamond realm for only two months. He was still far from completing the Diamond realm.

Whoosh.

His skin glowed like crystalline jade.

His aura rose. But then, his aura suddenly withdrew into his body, making him appear ordinary. Meng Chuan opened his eyes. This expends many Thousand Stars Pills, but it’s very worth it. I’ve been cultivating the Diamond realm for two months, and my body is becoming stronger.

He had tempered his skin for the past two months. His skin had completely transformed. If an enemy’s blade struck him, his skin would deflect the impact naturally. Together with his Quintessential Essence and armor, Meng Chuan could resist an elite third Firmament demon monarch’s attacks.

Most importantly, my meridians have also transformed. They are very flexible. Meng Chuan was rather delighted. My Quintessential Essence burst is three-fold greater than before. He could unleash more Quintessential Essence, increasing his physical strength greatly. His overall strength had increased by 50%.

If I completely master the Diamond realm, my strength will increase further . This body cultivation system had various requirements on one’s Essence Soul and etc. This cultivation system would also peak at the Blood Droplet realm in the human world. To a Creation Supremacy, this cultivation system was average, but Meng Chuan was extremely satisfied.

After he was done with his cultivation, Meng Chuan left the chamber and returned to his room.

Liu Qiyue was already asleep. She woke up after Meng Chuan entered.

“The cultivation of your mystic technique takes so much time every day,” Liu Qiyue said with a smile as she sat up. “However, it’s indeed a good mystic technique if it’s able to increase your chances of surviving on the battlefield.”

She was a sharpshooter; she hid far away as she shot arrows.

Meng Chuan needed to fight demon monarchs close-quarters. Liu Qiyue was very happy that he had this mystic technique.

“It just consumes a lot of Thousand Star Pills.” Meng Chuan smiled as he took off his clothes and went to bed.

“We just arrived and haven’t even experienced a battle,” Liu Qiyue said softly. “When can we get married?”

“We have to gain a foothold first, right?” Meng Chuan gently hugged Liu Qiyue. Godfiends toed the line between life and death. No one knew if tomorrow would come. They had consummated, but they still needed to have a grand wedding.

“Once we gain a foothold in North River Pass, we will have enough status. Then, we will invite Dad and company over for our wedding. Nobody in North River Pass will say anything when that happens,” said Meng Chuan. “The two of us are new Godfiends. We haven’t even accomplished anything. If we hold a marriage immediately, people will start gossiping behind our backs. Marriage is an extremely important matter in our lives. Naturally, we should try to make it as perfect as possible.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue leaned into Meng Chuan’s arms. “I wonder when the demons will attack. Sometimes, I hope the demons will never come again, but I know that’s impossible.”

“Just be prepared at any time,” said Meng Chuan calmly.

However, little did they expect that they would welcome their first bloody battle tomorrow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 - First Battle After Arrival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

20th February, 07:45.

Two hundred soldiers guarded North River Pass’s towering inner-city walls. These soldiers were on sentry duty for two hours before a new batch of soldiers would take over their duties. This guaranteed that every soldier would be extremely alert while on sentry duty. There were 20,000 mortal soldiers at North River Pass, so sentry duty was simple. Of course, when demons launched a large-scale attack, the mortal soldiers would be forced into cruel and bloody battles. The death rate of mortal conscripts was extremely high. Many soldiers that survived were crippled—evidence of how tragic the war between humans and demons was.

Soldiers stared at the World Entrance, not daring to be careless. There was a military judge watching by the side! Any slacking off would result in severe punishment.

Huh?

Thirty-five terrifying figures suddenly appeared at the World Entrance. This stable World Entrance only allowed 35 third Firmament demon monarchs to enter at the same time!

“The demon monarchs are here!” The soldiers jolted to attention as many shouted.

Dong! Dong! Dong! A soldier struck the drum with all his might. The drumbeats reverberated across the entire North River Pass rapidly.

...

Inside his manor, Meng Chuan was practicing the Heart Saber Stance. Liu Qiyue had gone to the archery range. As a sharpshooter at the Great Solar realm, there wasn’t enough space for her to practice her archery in the manor.

Dong! Dong! Dong!

The drumbeats jolted Meng Chuan to attention. The beating of the drums signaled an incoming battle. He had waited for too long. He had been looking forward to engaging in combat ever since he was on Archean Mountain.

It’s finally here! Meng Chuan’s eyes fiercely flashed as he transformed into a bolt of lightning. In a flash, he arrived at the outer city wall near the mansion. He then charged toward the inner city pass.

...

They are here again? Zhang Yunhu—who was cultivating his spear art—suddenly stopped. With a wave of his hand, he carried a large bundle of short spears and rushed towards the city wall.

“Brother-in-law!” Yang Xingwu also carried many short spears and rushed towards the city wall.

...

Shi Xiu—who had been sleeping in Gentle Hamlet—suddenly opened his eyes when he heard the drum. He rushed out of the building, his robes and boots on the bed disappearing. The woman wearing a red dudou on the bed was still in a daze. Although she was dazed, she became wide awake when she heard the beating drums—even when she was a renowned courtesan at a brothel.

The demons are attacking North River Pass? She got out of bed, put on her robe, walked to the balcony, and looked in the direction of the inner-city walls.

The soldiers were quickly mobilized. Godfiends charged towards the city pass.

We have to win. We have to win. The renowned courtesan clasped her hands together and silently prayed.

...

It’s beginning. Countless people on the streets looked in the direction of the inner-city walls. The inner city would become a bloody battlefield. Godfiends and mortal soldiers would be strong blockades against the demons.

We must win. People prayed. Although they would encounter demon attacks two to three times a year, the ordinary residents of North River Pass would feel nervous every single time. They knew that if they failed to hold North River Pass, a major disaster would ensue.

...

Lightning flashed and landed on the city wall. It was Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan was the first to arrive at the inner-city walls. He was dressed in a dark-cyan robe. Demon Slayer hung by his waist as he stared at the World Entrance. Thirty-five demon monarchs were struggling to pass through the World Entrance.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The other Godfiends arrived one after another.

Zhang Yunhu, Liu Qiyue, Mu Qing, Yu Chiyan, Yang Xingwu, Shi Xiu, and Fan Cheng arrived beside Meng Chuan.

“The World Entrance’s passageway is hundreds of feet long. When passing it, they will be obstructed by the void,” said Zhang Yunhu. “This World Entrance is very large, allowing a third-Firmament demon monarch to pass through within seconds. However, if 35 third-Firmament demon monarchs were to enter at the same time, they would take much longer to pass through the passageway. It will take them a minute to traverse it.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded. They were rookies, but they knew this. The stronger one was, the greater the difficulty of passing through the World Entrance.

“If one or two of them barged in, we could kill them easily. However, it would be a tough battle if all 35 third Firmament demon monarchs enter together,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Take action according to our plans.”

“Let’s go.”

“Kill the demon monarchs.”

They jumped down from the walls immediately. Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue and nodded before jumping down with Zhang Yunhu, Shi Xiu, and company.

Only Liu Qiyue and Fan Cheng were left behind on the city walls. Two Godfiend archers rushed over to them.

“Senior Sister Liu, Senior Brother Fan.” The two Godfiend sharpshooters were humble. They were Archean Mountain disciples and Indestructible Godfiends! However, their arrows could threaten third Firmament demon monarchs.

“I will protect you well.” Fan Cheng held a large shield in one hand and a hammer in the other.

Boom!

The large shield landed on the city wall’s ground as Fan Cheng released his Quintessential Essence in all directions. He formed a thousand-foot-wide four-element domain of earth, fire, wind, and water around him.

Fan Cheng had a perfected high-grade Godfiend Body—the Four Symbols Divine Body. He was born with tremendous strength and had a robust Godfiend foundation. He was skilled with the shield and hammer. He could fend off ten ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs alone. With the Four Symbols domain, he was best at protecting others. He was responsible for protecting the Godfiend sharpshooters. Of course, Liu Qiyue was extremely powerful herself.

Ah Chuan, be careful. Liu Qiyue held her bow and looked down from the city wall, waiting in anticipation.

...

Six Great Solar Godfiends landed below the 800 foot high walls. The ground was covered in water. At a glance, it looked like a lake, but the water was only one-and-a-half feet deep.

Good. Standing on the water surface, Meng Chuan nodded slightly. This much water was enough.

“Stick to the plan,” said Zhang Yunhu.

“Yes,” the other five immediately replied. During a battle, they had to obey orders. They couldn’t act recklessly.

Meng Chuan, Mu Qing, and Shi Xiu were to take the periphery. Yang Xingwu, Yu Chiyan, and Zhang Yunhu were to be protected.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Countless cyan threads quickly penetrated the void and gathered the Heaven and Earth powers. The cyan threads increased in number, quickly forming a domain that spanned half a kilometer. Yang Xingwu dedicated her life and effort to domains; she was extremely skilled with domains. Other Godfiends in North River Pass were much weaker when it came to domains.

Zhang Yunhu, Liu Qiyue, and Fan Cheng had domains that came with their Godfiend bodies. However, their domains were relatively small, and their inclinations were different. Liu Qiyue’s fire domain was mainly to kill enemies. It was much weaker when it came to supporting teammates. Meng Chuan’s baneful aura domain was the same. Fan Cheng’s Four Symbol domain was good at defense!

Furthermore, Liu Qiyue was good at archery, Meng Chuan was good with the saber, and Zhang Yunhu was good with short spears. Yang Xingwu focused only on domains. Her domain was very comprehensive. She suppressed, restrained, attacked, and fended off enemies. Yang Xingwu was extremely important to the other Godfiends.

“Brace yourselves. They are coming,” said Zhang Yunhu in a low voice.

Meng Chuan stared at the World Entrance with narrowed eyes.

Be it the Godfiends below or the Godfiends and soldiers on the city walls; all were extremely solemn.

“Thirty-five demon monarchs. Seven have unknown capabilities,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Everyone, be careful.”

Meng Chuan had already read the dossiers. Humans knew the capabilities of demon monarchs they had fought before. It was difficult to plan for opponents they had never fought before.

“They’re coming.”

Meng Chuan felt his blood boiling, but his mind remained extremely clear.

The moment the 35 demon monarchs walked out of the World Entrance—

Attack. With a thought from Yang Xingwu, countless sharp, cyan threads attacked the demon monarchs skillfully.

Three fiery arrows flew from the city wall and streaked across the air, instantly arriving at the World Entrance. The third Firmament demon monarchs unleashed various techniques. Two demon monarchs had countless vines growing from their bodies. A tiger demon monarch roared, causing black demonic winds to sweep out! Some demon monarchs produced poisonous fog with a wave of their hands. Some demon monarchs made black spikes and tentacles burrow underground...

Over ten third Firmament demon monarchs attacked simultaneously. The demon monarchs that were good at only melee combat held back.

The three arrows Liu Qiyue shot caused the demon monarchs who had just exited the World Entrance to suffer immediately. The demon monarchs didn’t manage to coordinate perfectly.

A rhinoceros demon monarch struck one arrow with his gigantic palm without care! The arrow penetrated his palm. The burning flames consumed him; he had no way of extinguishing it. The rhinoceros demon monarch’s hand was about to be lost! Furthermore, the flames rapidly spread across his body.

While he was panicking, Zhang Yunhu threw a short spear with all his might. The short spear transformed into a golden beam of light, causing the void to distort. It was extremely fast. After the rhinoceros demon was pierced by the arrow, the short spear appeared in front of it. He managed to block the arrow with his left hand, but he missed the short spear. The short spear penetrated his head.

The third Firmament rhinoceros demon monarch—one that had thick hide and flesh—died on the spot.

Zhang Yunhu could match a Marquis Godfiend. He could kill a third Firmament demon monarch easily as long as he had an opportunity.

“Be careful.”

“That sharpshooter is Liu Qiyue. She cultivates the Phoenix Divine Body. Don’t let her flames touch your body.” The demon monarchs also received intelligence reports. Although they didn’t know that Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had come to North River Pass, they knew the basics about Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. They had dossiers on them.

Whoosh!

Countless vines spread out and enveloped the surroundings as black winds howled.

Resilient silk surrounded the thirty-plus demon monarchs. Domains began forming. Liu Qiyue’s sneak attack was effective due to the enemy being unaware of her existence and because they had lacked defensive domains.

The three arrows and the spear led to a demon monarch losing his life.

“Very good.” Zhang Yunhu and Mu Qing revealed looks of delight. It was very rare to kill a third Firmament demon monarch the moment they clashed. After all, demon monarchs would cooperate with one another during battles. Killing one was not easy.

“Kill!” Zhang Yunhu ordered.

“Junior Brother Meng, don’t worry. We will help you.” Mu Qing and Shi Xiu sent a voice transmission so that Meng Chuan relaxed. Both of them were responsible for protecting the rest with Meng Chuan.

Each person was responsible for one side of the team. Mu Qing and Shi Xiu were already prepared to help Meng Chuan once the battle began. He would be fine once he got used to it.

“Okay.” Meng Chuan was extremely cautious. He carefully scanned his surroundings with his perception domain as he charged over with Mu Qing and Shi Xiu.

The Godfiends and demon monarchs were not far apart from one another. In the blink of an eye, the two sides clashed. Meng Chuan could hear the demon monarchs’ thunderous breathing.

Here it comes! Meng Chuan felt his blood boiling as his battle intent surged. He held Demon Slayer and watched the demon monarchs charge over.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 - Rookie Meng Chuan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan looked at the demon monarchs in front of him. They were much bigger than humans. The tallest tree demon monarch was 230 feet tall. It was common for demon monarchs to be 30 to 50 feet tall. There were only five demon monarchs that were shorter than humans. The shortest one was a rat demon monarch—only two feet tall. However, the rat demon monarch’s strength was ranked in the top five among the 35 demon monarchs.

Boom! Boom!

The human Godfiends and demon monarchs clashed.

Meng Chuan saw Yang Xingwu’s Cyan Silk Domain being suppressed by numerous domain attacks from the demons. It shrank to a radius of 200 feet.

There was no other way. Yang Xingwu’s domain was stronger than any of the third Firmament demon monarchs’, but there were many of them!

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three poisonous stingers streaked across the air, piercing through the Cyan Silk Domain. Meng Chuan instantly slashed out with his saber; each strike was like a blooming red lotus. The saber beam was as beautiful as lotus petals as they successfully blocked the three stingers.

In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan blocked the long-range attacks of seven demon monarchs. His saber art was fast. The Red Lotus Stance was Heart Intent Saber Art’s only defensive move. It was very easy to block these long-range attacks.

“Junior Brother Meng, be careful. The demons believe that you’re a rookie. They will focus their attacks on you.” There was a black-and-white domain around Mu Qing. She easily blocked the long-ranged attacks with her two swords.

“There are very few demon monarchs who are good at long-range attacks. Over half of their attacks were concentrated on Junior Brother Meng’s side. If we engage in melee combat later, they will probably target you.” There was a blood-colored gas around Shi Xiu. With a wave of his hand, he blocked the long-ranged attacks.

“They will break their teeth trying.” Meng Chuan was relaxed.

Currently, both sides were hiding in their respective domains.

The demons only had ten demon monarchs that could deliver long-range attacks. After being blocked by the Cyan Silk Domain, those attacks would weaken greatly. They were naturally no threat to Meng Chuan, Mu Qing, and Shi Xiu.

Meng Chuan and company saw another 25 third Firmament demon monarchs advancing through the World Entrance. Soon, they would arrive in the human world. When they met up with the 34 demon monarchs, there would be 59 third Firmament demon monarchs. The threat would greatly escalate. Of course, the elites were mainly among the 35 demon monarchs, of which a rhinoceros demon monarch had already died. Only with more demon monarchs would they be able to withstand the humans’ attacks.

“All we need to do is guard North River Pass! Holding back the demon monarchs takes priority. Killing them is secondary,” said Zhang Yunhu via voice transmission. The reason they jumped down from the wall was to hold back these demon monarchs.

They couldn’t allow the demon monarchs to escape from the inner-city pass! Of course, the 800-foot-high city wall was a huge obstacle to the demon monarchs.

Third Firmament demon monarchs could leap 1000 feet horizontally, but how high could they jump vertically? It naturally wasn’t as high as they could horizontally.

Newly-advanced Godfiends and first Firmament demon monarchs could jump about 200 to 300 feet high. If they wanted to jump 100 feet higher, their strength would need to be more than double.

Indestructible Godfiends and second Firmament demon monarchs could jump about 300 to 400 feet high. Great Solar Godfiends and third Firmament demon monarchs could jump about 500 to 600 feet high.

If they wanted to jump 800 feet, demon monarchs would have to rely on domains. Of course, this would only happen if Godfiends weren’t attacking them. They could also step on their companions’ bodies and jump even higher. Using these methods, they could jump above the city walls.

However, with Godfiends attacking them, the demon monarchs needed to use all their strength to deal with them. To scale the city wall at this moment would make them target dummies for sharpshooters like Liu Qiyue. They would even meet with Zhang Yunhu’s short spears.

With the Godfiends engaging them in combat, the city walls were enough to restrain the demon monarchs. The vast majority of demon monarchs were not birds. In fact, demons were not willing to gather third Firmament avian demon monarchs. This was because once they did so, human experts would rush over at all costs. Then, they would control the avian demon monarchs, becoming flying mounts for the humans.

To humans, most demon monarchs were killed without mercy. However, flying mounts were extremely good. The faster a flying mount was, the more human Godfiends liked them. This was because they could travel to different places quickly.

...

Meng Chuan found it very strange. Despite being on the battlefield with five other Godfiends, the two sides seemed to be locked into small-scale skirmishes.

“The second batch of demon monarchs has come out. Be careful,” said Zhang Yunhu solemnly.

Meng Chuan also saw them.

The first batch of demon monarchs formed a phalanx formation and waited for the second batch of demon monarchs to arrive. The demon monarchs’ collective might immediately soared.

“The demon monarchs are all here.” In the middle of the demon monarch formation, a black-robed demoness’s voice echoed in every demon monarch’s ears. “North River Pass is missing two Godfiends, Ge Cong, and Wu Zixiu. However, there are two new Godfiends, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue has a Phoenix Divine Body, and her arrows contain phoenix flames. Everyone be careful. Among the six Godfiends in front of us, there’s Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan is an Archean Mountain Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. His saber art is very fast, and his speed far exceeds ours. He also has weaknesses. First, his body is relatively weak among transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. As long as we restrain him, we will probably be able to kill him in two or three blows. Second, he has little experience. This is his first time in battle. We can use his lack of experience against him.

“We can lure him into using his speed. As long as he dares to charge forward and distance himself from his companions, we can instantly kill him in one fell swoop,” said the black-robed demoness. “We will focus on him. Once he falls, we can kill the other Godfiends.”

“Yes.” None of the demon monarchs dared to disobey.

The demon hierarchy was very strict. The spider demoness was the strongest among them. She was the spawn of a demon sage and the designated leader. The other demon monarchs had to obey her.

“Attack!” The black-robed demoness ordered.

The cautious demon monarchs immediately began attacking wildly.

Eight hundred years ago, before they discovered the human world, the demons followed the law of the jungle. Every day, they engaged in endless battles! Countless demons and many demon monarchs died in battle! Now, the demons sent ordinary demons and demon monarchs—that would have died in battle—to attack humans! They even used credits and treasures to motivate them. Over the years, the number of powerhouses among the demons had increased, and their overall strength had increased.

The leaders of the demon realm also gave region leaders “death quotas.” Demon monarch deaths aided in the production of fresh demon monarchs.

The humans also knew this, but there was nothing they could do.

Oh? Meng Chuan’s expression changed.

The demon monarchs—that had been hiding in the multi-stacked domain—instantly charged forward into the Cyan Silk Domain and engaged in close combat.

Melee combat was what most demon monarchs were good at.

“Kill!”

Twelve extremely powerful demon monarchs charged at Meng Chuan. They had black tails, extremely long, sharp legs, blood-colored claws, a gigantic stone ax... There were also vines, tentacles, and stingers that ambushed from underground! The vines and tentacles were to restrain Meng Chuan while the stinger headed towards Meng Chuan’s chest.

This was only because Meng Chuan’s build was small. Behind him were five Godfiends. They could only attack from another direction. The maximum number of demon monarchs that could attack him was 12. Three of them were elites. They were on par with Shi Xiu and Mu Qing in strength.

“Be careful.”

“Junior Brother Meng, be careful.” The five other Godfiends were alarmed. Although they had expected the demons to target Meng Chuan, going to such lengths was crazy. There were only seven demon monarch elites, and only four were good at melee combat. Now, three of them had attacked Meng Chuan?

Zhang Yunhu removed two blood-colored short spears from his back. These were the weapons he used for melee combat.

In terms of melee combat, he was the strongest. However, he was stronger when it came to long-range attacks.

On the surface, three Godfiends were protected by Meng Chuan, Mu Qing, and Shi Xiu. But in reality, Zhang Yunhu and Yu Chiyan could engage in close combat at critical moments. Only Yang Xingwu was not good at close combat.

Oh? Yu Chiyan pulled out the soft sword at her waist and cast an illusion to influence the demon monarchs directly. Although she couldn’t control them, the affected demon monarchs could only unleash 40 to 50 percent of their strength. Those with strong wills were affected as well; they ended up being weakened by 10 to 20 percent. Only by condensing an Essence Soul could they completely withstand her illusions.

Meng Chuan was fully focused on facing the attacks. His perception domain spanned 200 feet, causing the chaotic battlefield to be extremely clear to him. He knew which attacks to block first.

Black baneful aura billowed out from Meng Chuan, affecting the demon monarchs. Their attacks were weakened slightly. Following that, saber beams bloomed like flowers.

Suddenly, eight Meng Chuans appeared, making it difficult for the demon monarchs to identify his true body! This was because every figure was real! Since he was so fast, he could seemingly split into eight. It was as though he was attacking from eight different spots. He executed the Red Lotus Stance to block the attacks.

The 12 demon monarchs’ attacks were all blocked. Meng Chuan made for an impregnable defense.

“What?”

“This...”

“He managed to block it?”

The 12 demon monarchs were somewhat astonished. As the saying goes, two fists are not the match of four arms. Just one mistake from Meng Chuan would allow the 12 demon monarchs to continue their onslaught of attacks. However, Meng Chuan’s defense was flawless. He didn’t counterattack. He purely defended!

After defending his side, Yang Xingwu, Yu Chiyan, and Zhang Yunhu were not affected at all.

“Junior Brother Meng’s defensive skills are better than mine. Only Fan Cheng can compete with him in North River Pass.” Zhang Yunhu put away the two blood-colored short spears and took out an ordinary short spear. Instantly, he threw out the spear. The short spear transformed into a golden beam that streaked across the sky as it shot towards an ox demon monarch a mere 60 feet away! It was dangerous when the enemy was right in front of them, but it was also easier for them to kill the demon monarchs!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 - Meat Grinder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 142: Meat Grinder

Meng Chuan’s performance on the battlefield was better than they had expected. The other five Godfiend knew that a powerful companion meant fewer casualties in the future.

“The demon army is here!” Meng Chuan saw it. After the third Firmament demon monarchs gathered, many ordinary demon monarchs and demons passed through the kilometer-long and quarter-kilometer-wide World Entrance and swarmed towards the human world madly.

The army was like a flood.

“Junior Brother Meng, prepare yourself. It’s time to use your killer move,” said Zhang Yunhu via voice transmission.

“Got it.” Meng Chuan and the other Godfiends blocked the attacks as they waited.

Nearly 200 ordinary demon monarchs and countless demons entered the human world crazily. The demons were densely packed together as they charged forward. They stepped on the water that was only one and a half feet deep. Some even walked over the water and charged towards the city wall! Many flying demons flew up. These ordinary flying demons all flew up. They carried a few smaller demons on their backs.

All of them howled in madness.

The demons knew that charging out of North River Pass was a way of survival! Furthermore, they would earn credit. It was a rare opportunity for these ordinary demons to earn benefits.

The demons rapidly climbed up as they clung to each other. Countless demons climbed higher and higher. Three hundred feet, four hundred feet, five hundred feet... They used all their might to crawl upwards.

“Charge.”

Nearly 200 second Firmament demon monarchs—that were mixed among the ordinary demons—led the charge.

They were transferred from all over the Demon Realm. As ordinary second Firmament demon monarchs, they could only obey the commands given by the Demon Realm’s leaders. Furthermore, in the past 800 years, there were countless second Firmament demon monarchs that had contributed greatly and managed to grow stronger. Plenty had become third and fourth Firmament demon monarchs, while some even became fifth Firmament greater demon monarchs.

Becoming famous greater demon monarchs was enough motivation to fill them with fervor.

“This is the moment!” Zhang Yunhu sent a voice transmission. “Do it now!”

Meng Chuan drew upon the lightning stored up in his body, and sent it surging towards his feet!

On the battlefield beneath the city wall, Meng Chuan instantly transformed into a dazzling manifestation of lightning. Countless bolts of lightning shot out from his body, spreading out in all directions beneath his feet!

Lightning surged through the water, affecting all the demons and demon monarchs that were in the water! Even the demons who were climbing up the wall were affected by the lightning!

Although it took a long time to describe it, it actually happened in an instant.

The blinding lightning covered the entire battlefield! Meng Chuan and the other Godfiends were suspended in midair. The Cyan Silk Domain completely isolated them from the lightning.

The entire battlefield fell silent!

Some of the demons closest to Meng Chuan were reduced to ashes. Further away, a large number of demons silently collapsed.

Whoosh. Whoosh. Whoosh. As though culling wheat, countless demons collapsed.

However, half a kilometer from Meng Chuan, many ordinary demons were trembling. Some of them vomited blood, but they didn’t die. Although countless demons that were clinging to the walls fell, only a small portion of them died. Most of them were only injured.

As for the second and third Firmament demon monarchs? The lightning tickled them.

The lightning scattered across the water. Due to the scattered nature, the lightning became weak. Meng Chuan understood what was happening. He knew that his own lightning was powerful, but it was the first time he had unleashed it against demons on such a large scale! He realized that with enough demons, even if he used all his lightning, he could only kill a third of them instantly.

“Beautiful.” Zhang Yunhu revealed a look of joy.

“Well done!” Shi Xiu, Mu Qing, Yu Chiyan, and Yang Xingwu were equally excited.

The human Godfiends and the human soldiers were excited.

“This killer move killed over 30,000 ordinary demons. It also injured 20 to 30,000 demons.” Zhang Yunhu was overjoyed. “Beautiful. It was better than I expected.”

He had been on the battlefield for many years. The number of demons killed by Meng Chuan’s lightning was far greater than he had expected.

In fact, when Meng Chuan challenged the Life-and-Death juncture, he had required nine bolts of lightning to condense his Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. The lightning contained within his body was already extremely powerful. Furthermore, after cultivating his body, his body was even stronger. Whether it was in terms of quality or quantity, the lightning’s strength had increased. Therefore, he achieved such results after using all the stored lightning in his body.

“What?” Situated among the third Firmament demon monarch group, the black-robed demoness’s expression changed slightly.

“How is this lightning so powerful?” The other third Firmament demon monarchs were alarmed as well.

“He killed quite a number of ordinary demons.” The black-robed demoness remained very calm. She didn’t care about the mortal demons at all. Every time they attacked, up to hundred of thousands of demons died. The black-robed demoness was of noble lineage and was the spawn of a demon sage. She knew that although the Demon Realm was vast, the number of demons that could be raised was limited. It didn’t matter if more died.

In the future, if they were to occupy the human world—although it wasn’t as vast as the Demon Realm—it could still feed more demons.

...

Although the attack exceeded the demon monarchs’ expectations, the demons continued to attack.

“Kill!”

The Godfiends, including Liu Qiyue, attacked with all their might.

Raging flames descended, burning a large number of demons to death. Corrosive rain caused large numbers of demons to die. Extremely sharp yellow wind left the demons’ bodies lacerated and bleeding...

Various large-scale attacks descended. The Godfiends were ruthless when slaughtering these mortal demons.

However, the demons continued charging at them. After burning a portion of the demons to death, the rain had eroded away hundreds of demons. The yellow wind had also weakened after facing the large horde of demons. The demons began climbing the inner city wall.

There were nearly 200 second Firmament demon monarchs among them. They also began climbing up the city walls.

“Block those demon monarchs.”

Liu Qiyue and company diverted some attention to deal with the ordinary demons once in a while. Their primary goal was to stop the second Firmament demon monarchs!

Thankfully, it wasn’t easy for second Firmament demon monarchs to climb the city wall! From the moment they began climbing, they were targeted by Godfiends.

Swish! Swish! Swish! Liu Qiyue and the two other Godfiend sharpshooters frantically shot at the second Firmament demon monarchs.

It wasn’t easy for Liu Qiyue to kill a third Firmament demon monarch when over fifty of them were working together. However, she heavily injured second Firmament demon monarchs with every attack, even if they didn’t die. On average, she took two arrows to kill a second Firmament demon monarch! On the battlefield, this was a very high efficiency. In terms of lethality, Liu Qiyue was equivalent to 20 Godfiends combined. When the second Firmament demon monarchs climbed up the wall, she called 17 of them. The other Godfiends on the city walls had only killed 16 demon monarchs in total.

One could imagine how powerful a sharpshooter was.

“Block all the demon monarchs,” ordered Fan Cheng. The other Godfiends immediately joined forces to attack the second Firmament demon monarchs that had just climbed up.

As for the flying demon monarchs?

Although three flying demon monarchs flew into the sky in a bid to escape, they were killed by Liu Qiyue’s three consecutive arrows. One arrow killed an avian demon monarch while the other two arrows tore through two demon monarchs’ wings. With them unable to extinguish the flames, the two flying demon monarchs fell to the ground. Death ultimately awaited them.

Against a terrifying sharpshooter, it was very difficult to escape as long as the number of demon monarchs capable of flight was lacking.

“Kill that sharpshooter.” The second Firmament demon monarchs rushed up the city tower one after another. All of them looked in Liu Qiyue’s direction. They knew that the biggest threat was the sharpshooter, Liu Qiyue. Additionally, killing a human with a Phoenix Divine Body was an incredible feat that gave astonishing amounts of credit.

...

As the Godfiends and the demon monarchs engaged in battle, large groups of demons were constantly slaughtered. However, there were still some who climbed up the city walls one after another. They didn’t dare approach the Godfiends because going against Indestructible Godfiends was meaningless. They would be sending themselves to their deaths!

The ordinary demons jumped down after crossing the inner city walls. They jumped into an empty area—half a kilometer wide—between the inner city walls and the outer city walls.

There was only a passageway half a kilometer long between the inner and outer city walls. Human soldiers guarded this passageway! Furthermore, the entrance was occupied by Godfiends! Mortal demons were unable to pass through this passageway.

Ordinary demons couldn’t leap half a kilometer. All they could do was jump down, cross half a kilometer, and climb the 300 feet tall city wall! This was known as the Road to Death!

“Kill!”

The weakest soldiers of the 20,000-strong human army were at the Marrow Cleansing realm. Many had achieved Force, and there were even experts at the Core Condensation realm.

Almost all mortal experts of the human race were on the battlefield! This was because they could earn credit on the battlefield. They could exchange their credit for a chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. For example, Fairy Meng’s small team in her youth was the same. As for Yun Fucheng of the Yun family—one of the five large family clans of Eastcalm Prefecture—he only returned to his hometown after realizing there was no hope of becoming a Godfiend after an injury.

“Kill them!”

“Kill them now. Once these demons charge out of the city walls, you will have to use your lives to block them. The more you kill now, the better.” The officers of the human army gave orders. Many soldiers that had just joined the military were extremely nervous when they faced the demons. However, their long-term training enabled them to attack in an orderly manner.

Arrows rained down!

Boiling oil poured down as flames burned.

The battlefield in front of the outer city wall was hell. However, the demons had tenacious vitality. Their bodies matched that of humans at the Mortal Shedding realm. Even with arrows in their bodies, they charged through the flames and continued climbing the city walls.

Some eventually fell, but there were still others who climbed up the outer city wall.

Thus, a more brutal melee battle began.

Of course, there were less than a thousand demons that climbed up the outer city walls. Those who survived were naturally mortal demon elites! Even though human soldiers had excellent teamwork, soldiers still died one after another.

...

These ordinary soldiers also understood that the battle at the inner city gate was even more intense.

“Don’t allow any demon monarch to cross the inner city gates!” Fan Cheng roared angrily. He suddenly slammed his gigantic shield into the ground with a loud boom. The shockwave killed seven second Firmament demon monarchs that had charged over. The other six landed on the battlefield below.

“Yes, Senior Brother Fan.” The other Godfiends formed groups to prevent the demon monarchs from going up the city walls.

According to military protocol, even if they had to risk their lives, they had to block the demon monarchs.

The six Godfiends at the World Entrance suffered even more brutal attacks from the third Firmament demon monarchs. The demons’ strategy had always been like this. They sacrificed ten third Firmament demon monarchs to kill a human Great Solar Godfiend. This was an outcome the demons were very willing to exchange for.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 - Retreat!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 143: Retreat!

Meng Chuan and company were attacked by the demon monarchs, but their defense was impregnable.

General Zhang Yunhu—who was protected inside—could freely throw his short spears. Another short spear transformed into a golden beam as it shot out. Just 100 feet away, an ordinary third Firmament demon monarch was unable to dodge the spear. With its head penetrated, it immediately collapsed.

“Leader, we can’t continue like this.” When a buffalo demon monarch saw this, he sent a voice transmission. “We tried attacking Meng Chuan, but we couldn’t break his defense! Zhang Yunhu can release his short spears without any worries. Five third Firmament demon monarchs dead. We can’t allow Zhang Yunhu to continue attacking us so freely.”

The black-robed demoness stared coldly at the battlefield as she considered the situation. Her plan had failed. She originally believed that no matter how fast Meng Chuan was, it would be difficult for him to block the attacks from a group of demon monarchs completely. Furthermore, he was a rookie who had no experience on the battlefield. It should’ve been easy for them to break through his defenses. If she could kill this human genius who had a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, she would earn plenty of credit!

However, things developed differently from what she had expected.

Her plan wasn’t bad. She just didn’t know that Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul had already reached the second level. His perception domain spanned 200 feet, and there was nothing that could escape his senses within that range. Meng Chuan was also stronger than she had expected. He could fuse the Power of Essence Soul into his body at any time.

“Change targets and attack Shi Xiu,” ordered the black-robed demoness via voice transmission.

“Okay.” All the demon monarchs’ morale revitalized.

They had long given up on attacking Meng Chuan, and they could only attack other human Godfiends after being given the order. The demons followed strict rules. If they violated the order, death was a certainty.

“This Meng Chuan’s movement technique is too strange. He puts up a powerful defense. We can’t even break it. However, Shi Xiu is much weaker.” These demon monarchs were filled with confidence. The other human Godfiends were old opponents.

In terms of close combat, among their past opponents, Zhang Yunhu was the strongest! Next was the dual-sword-wielding female Godfiend, Mu Qing. The last was Sanguine Godfiend, Shi Xiu.

In terms of defense, Fan Cheng was the strongest!

However, they discovered that Meng Chuan’s defense was in no way inferior to Fan Cheng’s after the battle had barely started.

Boom!

Tentacles and sharp vines drilled out from underground as they attacked Shi Xiu.

One demon monarch after another came close!

“Shi Xiu, be careful.”

Everyone was shocked. It was too sudden! Although Meng Chuan and the others stood in separate positions, they were still close to one another. The demon monarchs had been attacking Meng Chuan wildly, but now most of them had directed their attacks at Shi Xiu! The three demon monarch elites were part of this endeavor. Shi Xiu instantly faced a dire situation.

Clang. Zhang Yunhu immediately charged forward. The two short spears in his hands immediately blocked the demon monarchs’ relentless attacks. The spears turned into golden blurs. With a series of moves, Zhang Yunhu was able to block over half of the attacks directed at Shi Xiu by himself. Only then did Shi Xiu block the remaining attacks. It prevented the demon monarchs from threatening Yang Xingwu and company.

With Zhang Yunhu’s help, Shi Xiu could easily withstand the crazy attacks. However, Zhang Yunhu was unable to divert his attention to kill the enemies.

They have underestimated me. Meng Chuan’s eyes flashed coldly. He had originally been surrounded by a large group of demon monarchs, but now, only five demon monarchs were attacking him. They are all ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs? Not even a demon monarch elite?

Dragon Roar Stance!

Meng Chuan did not hesitate to attack.

Meng Chuan seemingly split into five. Each figure stabbed out with a blinding beam that resembled lightning. They pierced through the void, bringing with it a strange spinning trajectory. The saber beams produced ear-piercing screeches. The saber beams were like dragons rushing out from the water. The five third Firmament demon monarchs only saw a blinding flash before the saber beams appeared in front of them.

It was too fast! Even the void distorted, and the distance was warped.

The five demon monarchs had no time to dodge.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

Every demon monarch’s glabella was pierced and the saber beams exited their skulls. A demon monarch could hold out for a little longer after their hearts were destroyed, but having their heads penetrated meant certain death.

One demon monarch after another collapsed.

This made the demon monarchs that were excited to attack Shi Xiu freeze. Following that, their hearts turned cold!

Five third Firmament demon monarchs died in a single exchange?

“His kills were way too fast! Zhang Yunhu’s attacks aren’t even that fast, right?”

“A perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body is as fast as lightning. It’s truly fast.”

“Too fast.”

The ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs shuddered.

With a perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend body, Meng Chuan’s strength and Quintessential Essence were enough to crush these demon monarchs completely! His saber realm didn’t need mentioning. Only the demon monarch elites could fight him. Furthermore, he had an Essence Soul domain. He could perfectly grasp the situation on the battlefield! He did not even need to use the Power of Essence Soul to counterattack.

The five ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs weren’t worthy of him using the Power of Essence Soul.

“Awesome.” Zhang Yunhu—who had been forced to defend—as well as Shi Xiu, Yu Chiyan, and the others were overjoyed.

However, the demon monarchs’ side was the complete opposite. They were somewhat flustered.

“This Meng Chuan’s defense is powerful, but his offense is even more terrifying.”

“His saber is too fast. It’s so fast that it’s difficult to defend against it.”

“According to the intelligence, a Great Solar Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body can match a fifth Firmament demon monarch’s speed! His attacks are also extremely fast.”

“It’s best we don’t engage in close combat with him. Even if we engage in close combat, we will need to surround him with ten-plus demon monarchs like before. It will give him enough pressure.”

The demon monarchs discussed through voice transmissions, and their attacks slowed down.

“Leader, ten third Firmament demon monarchs have died. What should we do?” asked an ox demon monarch. He was the second-in-command, and his background wasn’t much weaker than the leader’s. He was just slightly weaker.

According to past experience, although there weren’t any demon monarch elites that had died, losing ten was still considered a large loss.

“This Meng Chuan...” The black-robed demoness had a headache.

Attack Meng Chuan? They couldn’t break his defense. This allowed Zhang Yunhu to throw his terrifying short spears. Give up on him? Meng Chuan would counterattack! Meng Chuan attacked as fast as lightning, and his speed at killing weaker demon monarchs was higher than Zhang Yunhu’s!

They couldn’t attack or give up on him!

“Retreat!” ordered the black-robed demoness immediately via voice transmission. “Pass down the orders. Retreat.”

At the critical moment, retreating minimized their losses.

“Okay.” All the third Firmament demon monarchs immediately bunched up and stopped attacking. Instead, they hid inside the stacked domains.

A low beast horn sounded.

The second Firmament demon monarchs who were fighting the human Godfiends on the wall were taken aback. Following that, they jumped down the city wall without any hesitation. Even though Liu Qiyue’s arrows landed one after another, the demon monarchs continued running towards the World Entrance.

The demons—that had been trying to climb up the city wall—immediately receded like a flood, wildly charging towards the World Entrance.

All of them were retreating!

On the other hand, the demons that were at the outer city wall were in despair. They were unable to retreat and could only crazily charge forward. They wanted to rush out of the city gates as soon as possible and obtain complete freedom.

“The demons have retreated.” Zhang Yunhu smiled. Everyone felt relieved.

“Junior Brother Meng, well done!” Shi Xiu praised.

“Alright, don’t be too happy. Continue holding these third Firmament demon monarchs back. We must be careful that it’s not a trick. They might suddenly attack the city wall,” instructed Zhang Yunhu.

...

The demon monarchs did not try pulling off any tricks. Perhaps they knew that it was useless in front of an experienced general like Zhang Yunhu.

Soon, the second Firmament demon monarchs—who were alive—returned to the Demon Realm via the World Entrance. Many mortal demons were fleeing. Following that, 15 third Firmament demon monarchs fled into the World Entrance. Finally, 35 more demon monarchs, including the black-robed demoness, entered the World Entrance.

Boom!

All the demons that were unable to escape from the human world were slaughtered by the human Godfiends.

Only a small number of demons would be imprisoned. In the future, they would be used as sparring partners for the human soldiers and youths. The other demons were killed without mercy.

...

The demon monarchs returned to the Demon Realm. An hour later, North River Pass completely calmed down. Out in the wilderness, soldiers chased after the demons that had managed to escape North River Pass.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 - Loss
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the inner city gates, Yang Xingwu’s Cyan Silk Domain expanded. Cyan silk danced in the air, silently piercing through the bodies of mortal demons. Meng Chuan transformed into lightning and roamed the area. When he passed an area, a black baneful aura spread out. Although the baneful aura was too dispersed and it had reduced power, it still froze the mortal demons into ice sculptures. All of them froze to death.

Swoosh.

Following that, Meng Chuan took a step forward and transformed into a bolt of lightning that shot into the sky. He arrived at the inner city walls.

“Ah Chuan.” The flames around Liu Qiyue converged as she welcomed him.

“Are you alright?” Meng Chuan had noticed many second Firmament demon monarchs rushing towards Qiyue.

“They were all second Firmament demon monarchs. Furthermore, Senior Brother Fan was here,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “With Senior Brother Fan standing there, they can’t even approach me.”

“Haha, you flatter me too much.” The plump Fan Cheng placed the large shield on his back. He held the hammer in his hand and said with a smile, “A few third Firmament demon monarchs aren’t my match. As for a group of second Firmament demon monarchs, there’s nothing to boast about bullying them. Junior Brother Meng, you were truly awesome. You instantly killed five third Firmament demon monarchs while fighting a group of them.”

Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish! Swish!

Zhang Yunhu, Yang Xingwu, Yu Chiyan, Shi Xiu, and Mu Qing slowly landed on the city wall thanks to the Cyan Silk Domain.

“Junior Brother Meng, you are probably the only one who can ascend North River Pass’s walls with a single jump,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile.

“Junior Brother Meng arrived on the city wall with a whoosh! If the demon monarchs can come up with a whoosh, we’ll be in big trouble,” said Shi Xiu with a relaxed smile.

“Only human Godfiends who cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body can be this awesome. It’s extremely rare among the demons,” said Zhang Yunhu with a chuckle. “Everyone did well this time. Alright, go back and get some rest.”

“Alright. Time to take a bath.” Fan Cheng smiled as he carried the hammer and turned to leave.

“I need a drink before having a good nap.” Shi Xiu smiled as he left. The others left as well.

It was enough for the ordinary Godfiends to deal with the cleaning up. There was no need for them.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were in no hurry to return because this was their first time on the battlefield. They had yet to calm down.

“General.”

“General.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue walked through the tunnel connecting the inner and outer city pass. Many soldiers were extremely reverent as they bowed respectfully.

These ordinary soldiers addressed the nine deputy generals as generals.

“This is the battlefield.” Liu Qiyue looked at the empty area between the inner and outer city pass. It had long transformed into a sea of fire. Godfiends were slaughtering the demons.

“If we can’t stop them, it will be the demons slaughtering humans,” said Meng Chuan.

“Yes, Eastcalm Prefecture. Back then, the demons slaughtered humans wantonly,” said Liu Qiyue. The invasion had changed her greatly.

The duo watched as they walked.

When they arrived at the outer city walls, their expressions changed slightly.

A soldier hugged his leg and groaned in pain. One of his legs was gone. There were also soldiers covering their abdomens. There were bloody holes in their abdomens... There were many injured soldiers. Some were treating the wounds simply. They still needed to wait for the doctors!

There were also many soldiers lying there motionless. They had died, and other soldiers were moving the corpses.

“General,” said an officer at the Core Condensation realm.

“How were the losses this time?” Meng Chuan asked, seemingly calm.

“We haven’t finished counting,” said the officer respectfully. “According to the initial estimates, there are about 800 soldiers who died in the battle. More than 2,000 of them were injured. A small number of injured soldiers will not be able to survive. Some of them will be crippled. Only a small number can be completely cured.”

“That many?” Liu Qiyue asked. “There should have been less than a thousand demons that reached the outer city pass.”

She looked around and realized the battlefield’s casualties.

The officer said respectfully, “Yes, there was indeed less than a thousand. However, almost all the demons that reached the outer city pass have the strength of greater demons. More than 70 percent of our soldiers are at the Marrow Cleansing realm. Twenty percent of them are at the Mortal Shedding realm. Only five percent have reached the Seamless realm. No matter how well-prepared we are, we will still suffer losses in a chaotic battle.”

When Zhang Yunhu came over and saw this scene, he waved his hand and instructed, “Go do what you need to do.”

“Yes, General.” The officer respectfully retreated.

Zhang Yunhu looked at the corpses that were being moved. He asked calmly, “Find it unacceptable?”

“About 2000 people died or were crippled in battle,” Meng Chuan asked. “We should have won a great victory this time. Why are the losses still so great?”

Zhang Yunhu nodded. “What can we do when the demons don’t care for their lives? We’ve already used all our strength to block all the demon monarchs. Only a few mortal demons can reach the outer city pass. There are fewer than a thousand demons that can reach the city walls. To have less than a thousand reach the outer city pass out of more than a hundred thousand demons, we’ve achieved a huge victory because we suffered very little losses.”

“Very little losses?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were stunned.

“It’s indeed considered a small loss. Last year, North River Pass suffered two attacks from the demons. The ones who died and were crippled to be unfit for combat totaled 11,000 people,” said Zhang Yunhu. “At the end of last year, our North River Pass had 11,00 new recruits.”

Meng Chuan was stunned.

Last year, they suffered two attacks, and each attack averaged a loss of 5000 soldiers. Of course, many of them were crippled and unfit for combat. However, this was shocking.

“A mortal soldier serves for five years,” said Zhang Yunhu. “In fact, over half of them die. The remaining are mostly crippled. Only 20 percent can live in peace! Either they are strong enough to reach the Seamless realm, or they are veterans with rich experience. Many veteran soldiers have taken the initiative to extend their military service. Some even spend 20 years here. Apart from a small number who are honing their strength, most of them wish to reduce the losses of recruits.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue fell silent.

“As Godfiends, all we need to do is block the demon monarchs, including those third Firmament demon monarchs,” said Zhang Yunhu. “If we can hold on, only a portion of our soldiers will suffer casualties. If we can’t hold them back, not only will North River Pass turn into ruins, but hundreds of thousands of people will die. These demons will run in all directions, causing millions of people to perish.

“We have to fend them off every time. However, the demons aren’t stupid. They glean information from the battles. For example, Meng Chuan, your strength caught them off guard. That led to a great victory, but they immediately retreated. When they attack again, I’m afraid they will have a way to deal with you,” said Zhang Yunhu. “An invasion is a battle of wits and bravery! Although we are very cautious, we will lose our lives once we make a mistake.

“For example, although Fan Cheng was present when the second-Firmament demon monarchs attacked the city wall, he is unable to split himself. The other ordinary Godfiends also tried their best to stop the demon monarchs. This time, three of them were seriously injured, not to mention the minor injuries,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Thankfully, Godfiends have strong vitality. They can be healed. If the demon attack were any more intense, the Godfiends might die in battle if the attack went on.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded. Their expressions became even more serious.

“Too many Godfiends have been lost in the past few years. Last year, 27 Archean Mountain Godfiends died in battle,” said Zhang Yunhu.

“Last year, Scholartree City Pass was breached,” said Meng Chuan.

“In the future, there might be other city passes that are breached,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Did you realize that over the years, the number of Archean Mountain Godfiends that die in battle is almost increasing year-on-year?”

Meng Chuan nodded. “The situation is indeed getting worse.”

“I’m afraid it won’t take more than a few years before the quota for new-disciple recruitment will increase,” said Zhang Yunhu. “It’s possible they will recruit 30 or 40 people every year.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were in deep thought.

Twenty spots per year was an old rule in Archean Mountain’s history. This was because Archean Mountain had formed a balance between accumulating and expending resources. If there were too many disciples, the expenditure would be too great. One day, the resources would be completely insufficient. For example, the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers would be completely expended.

“Although we suffered significant losses, our battle results are even more obvious,” said Zhang Yunhu. “For example, we killed ten third Firmament demon monarchs and 63 second Firmament demon monarchs! There were even more mortal demons! Although the demons are much stronger than us, they immediately retreated after we killed ten third Firmament demon monarchs. They also feel the pain.

“They aren’t endless. If we kill enough of them, they will feel the pain and be afraid enough to retreat.” Zhang Yunhu smiled. “Of course, the greatest contribution this time isn’t about killing demon monarchs but to defend North River Pass. We managed to protect the people on this land.

“As long as we hold on, people can procreate. As long as we persist, we will definitely win,” said Zhang Yunhu, his eyes filled with anticipation. “One day, humans will give birth to incomparably powerful Godfiends. Maybe the World Entrances will suddenly disappear. Since they can suddenly appear, they can also disappear. There are many other possibilities.

“As long as we hold on, there’s hope.” Zhang Yunhu looked at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue and smiled. “Alright, I’ll go get some rest. I’ll have to recuperate my old arms and legs. That way, I can hold out for a few more years.” Then, he turned and left.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 - On Archean Mountain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Archean Mountain, night.

The long-haired Qin Wu was flipping through books in the study.

“Come in,” said Qin Wu.

Creak.

Archean Mountain Lord smiled as he walked in with a thick dossier. He placed the dossier on the desk and said with a smile, “Supremacy, this is today’s dossier.”

“Oh?” Qin Wu put down the book and opened the dossier. He read, “North River Pass suffered a demon invasion at 07:45?”

“It was considered a great victory,” said Archean Mountain Lord with a nod. “No Godfiends died in battle, and less than a thousand mortal soldiers died in battle. That punk Zhang Yunhu praised Meng Chuan to the heavens in the dossier. He had an impregnable defense when facing numerous demon monarchs and seized the opportunity to kill five third Firmament demon monarchs. He released lightning to kill over 30,000 mortal demons. The plan to kill mortal demons was proposed by Meng Chuan.”

“Not bad.” Qin Wu nodded slightly. “At least he didn’t embarrass himself on his first battle.”

“There’s no problem with the credits awarded, right?” asked Archean Mountain Lord. “Over 30,000 mortal demons were killed by him alone. It’s counted as 300,000 credits. We have decided to give him 513,000 credits for this battle.”

“No problem.” Qin Wu flipped through the entire dossier and agreed with Archean Mountain Lord’s allocation of credit.

The allocation of credit was divided into many aspects. Ensuring that North River Pass didn’t fall was a great contribution! No Godfiends dying in battle was a meritorious deed! Killing demon monarchs was a meritorious deed as well! Credit was also divided into confirmed kills and kill assists. For example, when Zhang Yunhu killed a demon monarch, Meng Chuan and the others had provided him cover. One cast a domain, another cast illusions; all of them were given kill assist credits.

When it came to killing a mortal demon, a mortal demon gave ten credits! This was normal. The ordinary Godfiends were able to fend off the second Firmament demon monarchs and countless mortal demons. Many of the credits earned from killing ordinary demons were distributed to Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, and the twenty-plus Godfiends. Meng Chuan and the other five were given a small split. However, killing over 30,000 demons in one go gave Meng Chuan 300,000 credits. Yan Jun—who was responsible for delivering the rain—and Zhang Yunhu, who took command of the battlefield, also received some credit.

“Earning 510,000 credits in a single battle. If this continues, he’ll be made an earl in about ten years,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

“The demons won’t give him a chance next time,” said Qin Wu.

Meng Chuan had killed over 30,000 demons this time. He had also heavily injured a large number of demons. This had a tremendous impact! Without this move of his, there would’ve been an additional 400 to 500 demons that scaled the outer city wall! This would’ve increased the casualties of the mortal soldiers by 50 percent. From Archean Mountain’s point of view, every mortal soldier’s life was precious. To avoid the loss of so many soldiers, it was more meritorious than killing those demon monarchs.

Mmm?

Qin Wu frowned slightly as he read through the other contents of the dossier. “Something happened to Two World Island again?”

“Yes, a stable World Entrance appeared deep in the sea. As it’s a small World Entrance, the commotion was tiny. Furthermore, it was a remote area in the sea. By the time Two World Island discovered it, it can be confirmed that a large number of demon monarchs have infiltrated the human world,” said Archean Mountain Lord. “Supremacy Thousand Leaves of Two World Island and three Regis Godfiends have scoured the waters in question repeatedly. They have also captured a portion of the demon monarchs. After interrogating them, we can confirm that over 700 demon monarchs have infiltrated. As for Supremacy Thousand Leaves and the rest, they have only found 503. The rest have probably crossed the sea and infiltrated the three dynasties.”

“Their Two World Island occupies so many islands in the sea. How many small World Entrances have they missed?” Qin Wu was furious. “Our Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven have seas too. Why haven’t we made any major mistakes in the past 300 years?”

“I’m not sure. There are even more World Entrances on their side. The strength of Two World Island is the weakest among the three great sects,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

“Let the Earth Net work on searching and pursuing the demon monarchs,” instructed Qin Wu. “Those demon monarchs who infiltrated the human world for the first time are typically more showy and lively. It’s easier to find them.”

“Yes,” said Archean Mountain Lord respectfully.

In history, when city passes were breached, a group of demon monarchs would take the opportunity to charge in and infiltrate the human world.

However, because Archean Mountain would dispatch experts over at the fastest speed possible, there weren’t many demon monarchs who could infiltrate in a short period. After all, the demons needed time to gather demon monarchs! As for Two World Island... for a stable World Entrance to appear without them immediately realizing it existed allowed many demon monarchs to infiltrate the human world.

Although the sea was vast, it was mostly seawater. There were very few places where the demon monarchs could hide. After large-scale sweeps, most of them could be killed. However, once they hit land and completely hid in the human world, it would be difficult to find them.

...

Meng Chuan did not know about the Supremacy’s and Archean Mountain Lord’s troubles.

He only needed to guard North River Pass and patrol the surrounding areas. He just needed to do his job properly.

Of course, when he learned that Archean Mountain had given him over 500,000 credits, Meng Chuan was shocked and conflicted. His grandaunt had been a Godfiend for 80 years. Apart from spending a little on herself, she had given him slightly more than 180,000 credits. In just one battle, he had accumulated more credits than his grandaunt had over 80 years.

However, he knew that his grandaunt was only an ordinary Indestructible Godfiend! If she were at North River Pass, she would be the most ordinary Godfiend.

The ones responsible for defending against the second Firmament demon monarchs and countless mortal denibs at North River Pass were Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, and the two Godfiend deputy generals, Qiu Qi and Feng Qianfan. Together with the two Archean Mountain sharpshooters, they were the core. The other ordinary Indestructible Godfiends were relatively weaker! Liu Qiyue alone could match the combined efforts of over 20 Indestructible Godfiends when it came to killing second Firmament demon monarchs.

The number of demon monarchs that Fan Cheng could fend off matched Qiu Qi, Feng Qianfan, and a large number of Godfiends.

Battle credits were divided according to strength. How much of a role they played resulted in the amount of credit they received.

An ordinary Indestructible Godfiend might only get one-fifth of the credits a Great Solar Godfiend like Qiu Qi and Feng Qianfan earned. Qiu Qi and Feng Qianfan only earned about a fifth of Fan Cheng’s! Fan Cheng also earned less than Zhang Yunhu in credits. Meng Cheng’s strength and Liu Qi’s sharpshooter abilities allowed them to receive credits equivalent to Zhang Yunhu under normal circumstances.

At Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu’s level, it was normal for them to receive 200,000 to 300,000 credits in each battle. How much did his grandaunt earn per battle? How many times did she fight a life-and-death battle to accumulate 180,000 credits?

“Grandaunt.” Meng Chuan felt immense gratitude for his grandaunt.

Unfortunately, his grandaunt had passed away.

I will lead the family clan well as you requested. I will slay more demon monarchs. You will be able to boast to your old friends in the netherworld. At this moment, Meng Chuan also felt the importance of strength. A powerful expert could earn more credits on one occasion than what others would take a lifetime to earn. This was reality! For example, if North River Pass had a Marquis Godfiend presiding over it, it would immediately become impregnable. The Marquis Godfiend alone would be stronger than ten Great Solar Godfiend elites.

...

Meng Chuan continued cultivating at North River Pass.

After the demons attacked, they lost ten third Firmament demon monarchs, dozens of second Firmament demon monarchs, and 100,000 demons. They naturally needed time to replenish their ranks. They needed a way to deal with the tough Meng Chuan.

Spring passed, and it welcomed the scorching summer.

On 3rd June, it was almost the hottest day at North River Pass. On this day, Meng Chuan finally reached a critical juncture in the body cultivation system.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 - Diamond Body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In a quiet room in the manor, Meng Chuan sat cross-legged as he studied his body using the Power of Essence Soul with a mystic technique.

Even though his Essence Soul had reached the Kinesis stage, he had to use a mystic technique to see the microscopic world. He could see the countless particles that made up his muscles, tendons, and bones. These particles varied in size and color. However, all the tiny particles contained lightning within them due to Meng Chuan having a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. Thus, it was extremely difficult to cultivate these tiny particles.

After six months of cultivation—relying on the Power of Essence Soul and his Saber Souk—he finally refined all the particles in his body. It had taken him an unimaginable amount of Quintessential Essence to accomplish this feat. Currently, he was about to make them synchronized.

His ever-depleting Quintessential Essence would be replenished through the consumption of Thousand Star Pills.

Boom!

His entire body, be it a strand of hair or a drop of blood, began transforming. Countless particles in his body began fusing together. Originally, the transformation of a single particle didn’t have much effect on his body, but with his Saber Soul aiding him, the particles affected his body greatly after attaining synchronization.

It was just like having an army of 10,000 people. If the army wasn’t disciplined, these 10,000 soldiers would have limited combat efficiency. If they executed orders without a margin of error, their combat efficiency would soar.

It was the same with the body! All the particles in his body were completely synchronized after cultivating them. His body had become one! According to the information he had received from the body cultivation legacy, this meant he had attained a Diamond Body! He had reached the Diamond realm!

It’s done. Meng Chuan opened his eyes. He felt like his body was completely transparent; his skin was emitting a golden jade glow. Upon careful inspection, one could see a thin membrane above his skin. He wasn’t doing anything, but this membrane surrounded his body. This membrane had been formed by the invisible force emitted by countless particles—which manifested after the particles became synchronized.

According to the legacy, one’s body will naturally emit the Diamond Force once the Diamond Body is attained. The Diamond Force provides some level of invulnerability. Meng Chuan unsheathed Demon Slayer and slashed at his arm. The attack was stopped by the Diamond Force. This piqued Meng Chuan’s curiosity. I want to see how powerful the Diamond Body and Diamond Force are.

Meng Chuan was speechless after an hour of experimentation.

Perhaps it was because of his perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and his body cultivation; he could unleash power roughly 70% of his Great Solar Quintessential Essence-fueled strength when using only his Saber Soul.

He now had a terrifying defense. Just his skin alone could match the protection provided by the robes he had chosen at Archean Mountain. His defense would be much stronger if one included his tendons, muscles, and etc. If he and another person were to engage in a one-on-one battle—where both parties had equal strength—the other person would be doomed once their armor was damaged. In contrast, he would probably suffer a few minor wounds with his Diamond Body. It would be difficult to pierce through the muscles. He would recover from these minor wounds quickly.

The life-preservation means provided by the body cultivation system is truly terrifying. The fourth realm is known as the Undying realm. The body would no longer have any vital points. One would be completely fine even if their head or heart were to be stabbed. One would recover from such an injury within a blink of an eye. The Blood Droplet realm—the fifth realm—allows one to regenerate their body from a drop of blood. Meng Chuan couldn’t help but sigh in amazement.

However, the Quintessential Essence cultivation system also elevates our life-preservation means and destructive abilities once we reach the Darkstar and Incessant realms.

Two different paths laid before him.

The body cultivation system was mainly for melee combat. It provided one with terrifying lifeforce. As long as one was alive, they could maintain peak lifeforce, although their destructive capabilities were inferior to those that followed the Quintessential Essence cultivation system.

The Quintessential Essence cultivation system provided one insane destructive power! They had weaker life-preservation means, and their lifeforce would gradually drop as time passed.

My body is much stronger now. I can burst out with even more Quintessential Essence since my meridians are now much stronger as well. I’m currently twice as strong as when I cleared the Nine Mystical Caves.

Meng Chuan was very happy. Disregarding the usage of forbidden spells or his Essence Soul, he was two times stronger than when he had left the mountain. Such an increase in strength was extremely rare. If the body cultivation system weren’t limited to the Blood Droplet realm in the human world, it would’ve been considered one of the best opportunities inside Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven.

After his experimentation, Meng Chuan closed his eyes and refilled his expended Quintessential Essence pool.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Meng Chuan absorbed wisps of lightning and baneful aura from the void. As his body grew stronger, he could absorb more lightning and baneful aura. The absorption of lightning and baneful aura mostly depended on the body. It didn’t have much to do with Quintessential Essence.

...

Half a month later.

27th June, night.

Yuan State’s Green Mountain Prefecture was over 150 kilometers from North River Pass.

Whoosh.

At this moment, outside Green Mountain Prefecture City, a black-robed figure silently crawled out from the ground. The figure’s head was wrapped in robes; one could barely see a pair of green eyes.

The figure stared at the distant Green Mountain Prefecture City. The city gates had already been shut for the night. Soldiers patrolled around the city walls, however, they were unable to see the black-robed figure a kilometer away.

The black-robed figure could clearly see two large words above the city gates: Green Mountain.

Green Mountain? This is the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Green Mountain Prefecture? After determining their current position, the figure burrowed into the ground silently and transformed into a pangolin. He moved underground at extremely fast speeds. Moments later, he arrived at the depths of a barren mountain roughly three kilometers away from the prefecture. The Yuan State was a mountainous region; thus, many forts were built in the mountains. Only a few large cities could be found on the rare flatlands in the mountainous region.

A distorted World Entrance—about 1000 feet long—laid inside the barren mountain. Two figures stood by the World Entrance.

Swoosh.

The pangolin crawled out from underground and transformed into a black-robed figure. The figure walked into the World Entrance and entered the Demon Realm.

Pangoswim has returned. The two demon monarchs beside the World Entrance smiled.

“Watch the area carefully. Kill any humans that approach immediately. Before our invasion, we mustn’t reveal this World Entrance’s existence. If it’s exposed, His Majesty won’t spare us.”

“Don’t worry. Few humans come to the mountain at night. Nothing will happen.”

...

After the black-robed figure entered the Demon Realm, he saw a demon army gathering. He also saw many demon monarchs and a greater demon monarch sitting on a throne. The greater demon monarch had a humanoid body and a snake tail.

“Your Majesty.” The black-robed figure stepped forward and knelt respectfully.

“Have you investigated the unstable World Entrance? Which part of the human world is it connected to?” asked the demon monarch indifferently.

“Green Mountain Prefecture of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Yuan State,” said the black-robed figure. “From the World Entrance, we are roughly three kilometers away from Green Mountain Prefecture City.”

“Very good.” The demon monarch smiled before he waved his black palm.

The black-robed figure stood obediently among the other demon monarchs.

...

Two hours passed.

A huge bird flew over from afar; on its back stood a three-headed demon monarch.

After the bird landed, the three-headed demon monarch came in front of the greater demon monarch. He bowed respectfully. “Greetings Greater Demon Monarch Avaricehell. I’m Jumo.”

“I believe you have been briefed, am I right?” Greater Demon Monarch Avaricehell sat on his throne, his black fingers resting on the armrest as he looked down at the three-headed demon monarch.

“Yes, I am willing to enter the human world,” said Jumo respectfully.

“My fief doesn’t have a demon monarch that can enter the third Firmament immediately. That’s why I borrowed you from Greater Demon Monarch Thousand Poisons,” said Avaricehell. “This World Entrance won’t exist for long, so we have to attack as soon as possible. Three kilometers from the World Entrance is Green Mountain Prefecture of the Great Zhou Dynasty. I will arrange for five second Firmament demon monarchs and 30,000 demons to join you in this attack.”

“Yes,” said the three-headed demon monarch respectfully. “Once the attack succeeds, I will infiltrate the human world. I’m not in a hurry to return.”

“Very good.” Avaricehell nodded. “It’s the middle of the night in the human world. The mortals are sleeping soundly. It’s the best time to attack. Head out immediately.”

“Yes.”

“Yes.”

The army—comprising the three-headed demon monarch, five second Firmament demon monarchs, and 30,000 mortal demons—was much stronger than the army that had attacked Eastcalm Prefecture.

Soon, the demon army swarmed the World Entrance like a flood. They didn’t hesitate to follow the directions provided by Pangoswim and charged towards Green Mountain Prefecture City.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 - Meng Chuans Rescue
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the three-headed demon monarch stepped out of the World Entrance, his aura immediately expanded as he became a third Firmament demon monarch! Five second Firmament demon monarchs followed behind him.

“Green Mountain Prefecture City is in that direction.” The black-robed Pangoswim pointed in a direction.

“Breach Green Mountain Prefecture as quickly as possible!” Jumo’s eyes were filled with arrogance and ferocity as his voice resounded through the mountain.

Growl—

“Charge!”

“Kill all humans!”

The demons frantically rushed towards Green Mountain Prefecture City. Jumo had never planned on being stealthy. The demonic aura of tens of thousands of demons was too eye-catching. The Godfiends must’ve discovered their arrival immediately.

“Let’s kill the Godfiends of Green Mountain Prefecture first,” said Jumo.

“Alright. After wiping out the Godfiends, we can slaughter the mortals in Green Mountain Prefecture City.” The five second Firmament demon monarchs were filled with confidence.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The six demon monarchs had different bodies, but all were extremely fast as they headed for Green Mountain Prefecture City.

...

Godfiends had keen senses towards auras. The demonic aura from tens of thousands of demons running towards the city was as eye-catching as the sun in the night.

Green Mountain Prefecture’s Jade Sun Palace Lord, Wang Fucheng, as well as the local Godfiend family clan’s patriarch, Hu Xiao, were both sleeping soundly. However, they put on their robes and rushed to their roofs when the 30,000 strong demon army exited the World Entrance.

The demons are here. Wang Fucheng’s expression turned ugly as he immediately sent a voice transmission to the guards. “Demons are attacking. Inform the entire city quickly.”

Demons are about to attack? Two of the guards—permanently stationed at an ancient bell—were terrified. “Yes, Palace Lord!”

Both guards were at the Seamless realm. They were also Jadesun Palace’s experts. They understood what they had to do when demons attacked. They gathered their strength and rang the ancient bell frantically. Their frantic bashes on the bell produced loud clangs! The urgent bell-clanging spread throughout Green Mountain Prefecture City.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Wang Fucheng and Hu Xiao had already transformed into beams of light as they flew towards the north city wall as quickly as possible.

Hu Xiao slowly approached Wang Fucheng and sent a voice transmission. “Palace Lord, do you know how many demon monarchs there are? What about the number of demons?”

“I don’t know, but with such a dense demonic aura, there must be a demon army attacking.”

“Have you sought help?” asked Hu Xiao via voice transmission.

“Of course. I immediately requested for backup the moment I discovered it.” Wang Fucheng was extremely worried. “However, we are 450 kilometers away from the state capital. Even if Marquis Godfiends are extremely fast, it will take them 15 minutes to get here. In 15 minutes, the entire Green Mountain Prefecture will probably be reduced to ruins.”

“We’ll easily slaughter the mortal demons if we can kill the demon monarchs,” said Hu Xiao.

“Let’s go all out.” Wang Fucheng nodded.

...

There were too few Marquis Godfiends. Some were stationed at medium-sized city passes and were not permitted to leave without reason. There were even fewer people that could provide support for the various scattered regions.

In any of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s states, only one Marquis Godfiend could provide reinforcements at any time. This was normal!

There were hundreds of prefectures in the Great Zhou Dynasty. The distance between the closest cities to their various state capitals was roughly 100 to 150 kilometers. If one was at the borders of a state, they could be up to 1000 kilometers away. Take the Great Zhou Dynasty’s largest state as an example. Some prefectures were 2500 kilometers away from the state capital. Of course, this state was an outlier, and such a situation wasn’t common.

However, prefectures were usually 500 kilometers away from a state capital. Such a distance would take most Marquis Godfiends 15 minutes to traverse.

But Wang Fucheng didn’t know that the person in charge of reinforcing Green Mountain Prefecture City was North River Pass’s Deputy General Meng Chuan! The rescue personnel was confidential! Many Marquis Godfiends were unaware of their own roles. All they knew was that a certain area was under their charge.

...

North River Pass, the same night.

Inside their manor, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were sleeping soundly on the bed. The white jade token placed under his pillow suddenly turned red-hot. Meng Chuan had already refined it with his Quintessential Essence; thus, he could sense the changes in the token immediately.

Oh? Meng Chuan—who had been sleeping—suddenly opened his eyes. He sat up and retrieved the white jade token from under his pillow. His Patroller token was very important. Whenever he slept, he would place it underneath his pillow. He always carried it with him, never separating from his body when he was awake.

Green Mountain Prefecture? Meng Chuan glanced at the map of the eighteen prefectures on the white jade token. The location where Green Mountain Prefecture City stood glowed red—it was the source of the current heat coming from the token.

Liu Qiyue woke up, and curiously asked, “Why are you up?”

“Green Mountain Prefecture needs help. I’ll be back very soon.” Meng Chuan glanced at Liu Qiyue and instantly put on his boots, taking his saber and robe with him. The windows to the room automatically opened, and with a whoosh, he transformed into a bolt of lightning and flew out the window.

Liu Qiyue sat up and looked out the window. She saw the bolt of lightning streak across the sky and quickly disappear into the night sky.

Ah Chuan has gone to rescue others? Liu Qiyue sat on the bed. She had known about Meng Chuan’s extra duties, but it had been over half a year since they had come to North River Pass, and this was the first time Meng Chuan had gone to rescue a prefecture.

I hope he can make it in time and save more people. I hope Ah Chuan returns safely too. Liu Qiyue looked at the crescent moon outside the window and prayed silently.

Meng Chuan was rushing towards the battlefield. Currently, she could only pray for blessings. She couldn’t go with him.

Reinforcements needed to arrive as soon as possible! Bringing Liu Qiyue along would reduce Meng Chuan’s speed by 40 percent. It would take him longer to arrive.

...

Green Mountain Prefecture City’s north city wall.

The six demon monarchs were the first to arrive. They were faster than Wang Fucheng and Hu Xiao—who were rushing to the wall from the center of the city. Jadesun Palace was located nine kilometers away from the north city wall. The demons only needed to travel three kilometers.

Boom!

The six demon monarchs moved across the city wall and headed straight for the two Godfiends that hadn’t hidden their auras.

The demon monarchs also released their demonic powers. A gray fog spread 1000 feet around them. Dozens of patrolling soldiers on the city wall—which spanned more than 1000 feet—turned into pools of blood, dying on the spot. Following that, the demon monarchs entered the city and casually destroyed the buildings. People in the vicinity died immediately.

When the other soldiers saw this scene from afar, they could only hold in their grief. They knew the difference in strength between mortals and demon monarchs was too great! These demon monarchs were killing humans as if they were stepping on ants. They hadn’t started the true massacre yet.

“We still have Godfiends.” The soldiers continued staring into the distance. They could already feel the ground trembling.

“The demon army!” The soldiers saw an incoming army.

A blinding flame lit up on the city walls, illuminating the surrounding area. They could barely see the horde of demons charging towards them from the dark mountains. The demons at the forefront were extremely fast—so fast that their figures blurred as they rushed over.

“They’re here. The demons are here.” These soldiers knew that they had to risk their lives for the entire city behind them.

...

A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky, crossing three mountain peaks. He used each mountain peak as a platform as he leaped towards Green Mountain Prefecture.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Lightning erupted from Meng Chuan’s body as he rushed towards the prefecture.

A typical Great Solar Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body could move with speeds that matched a Regis Godfiend’s. They could leap a distance of one kilometer each time! However, after Meng Chuan became a Great Solar Godfiend, the lightning within his body became even stronger. His Godfiend Body had been forged using nine bolts of heavenly lightning—beyond the usual amount needed—and he had attained the Diamond Body, which allowed his meridians to withstand greater bursts of Quintessential Essence. With all this, he could travel 1.5 kilometers in a single leap.

This speed was considered rather fast among Regis Godfiends.

Quick, quick. Faster. Meng Chuan frantically rushed towards Green Mountain Prefecture City. It took him over ten leaps to cross the mountain range.

Meng Chuan quickly passed the 2.5 kilometer-wide Muma river—the raging Muma river is the largest in the Yuan State.

Swoosh.

In midair, he used the Swallow Stance once, flashing across the entire Muma River. With another two flashes, he disappeared into the horizon.

Currently, Meng Chuan was as fast as lightning. He was charging towards Green Mountain Prefecture City at an astonishing speed!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 - Cheers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Green Mountain Prefecture City was in chaos.

Although the various human cities had been drilled for such situations—where all citizens below the Marrow Cleansing realm were to escape into the deep tunnels when the demons invaded—it was currently the middle of the night. Most people were sleeping soundly! Despite the din in the city, 30 to 40 percent of the city remained asleep.

Some people didn’t care about others. They led their own families into the tunnels first! Some went around, shouting and waking people up.

“Quick, quick! Ergou, stop sleeping.” A middle-aged, one-armed man kicked open his neighbor’s door. He entered the yard and kicked open another door that was locked from the inside. The wooden door was shattered. Only then did Ergou and his family wake up. They heard the urgent bell-clanging and the commotion outside.

“The demons are here. Hurry up and enter the tunnel. Quick, quick!”

The commotion outside and the man’s frantic shouting jolted Ergou and his family out of their reveries.

“Thank you, Uncle Zhang!” One of the youths from Ergou’s family shouted immediately.

The one-armed man left immediately once he saw Ergou’s family awake. He rushed around the neighborhood, kicking open every door that was locked from the inside. As a Marrow Cleansing veteran, he could kick down wooden doors easily.

He woke up all the families that were still asleep. He wasn’t the only one. Others were waking up their neighbors as well.

Everyone knew that when ordinary people faced demons, they would be slaughtered. Only by reaching the Marrow Cleansing realm would they be able to put up a fight.

...

The six demon monarchs charged towards the two Godfiends. Wherever they passed, ruins were left in their wake.

Fortunately, most people had left their residences and rushed to the deep tunnels. The demon monarchs had slaughtered quite a lot of mortals during the early stages of the invasion. Although they began destroying buildings later, the casualties incurred were significantly lower than expected.

The demon monarchs didn’t care about the mortals. They were staring at the two Godfiends that

had rushed over from afar.

Six demon monarchs? One of them is a third Firmament demon monarch? Wang Fucheng and Hu Xiao were alarmed when they saw the six demon monarchs charging towards them.

“Let’s go to Crescent Lake and fight there,” said Wang Fucheng with a voice transmission.

“Alright.” Hu Xiao immediately agreed.

They had two reasons for choosing Crescent Lake as their battlefield. Firstly, fighting above the lake would result in reduced casualties. Secondly, Palace Lord Wang Fucheng was stronger when fighting around water.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The two dashed towards Crescent Lake.

“Do both of you think you can escape?” Jumo sneered when he saw them fleeing to another location.

“What a joke.”

“One of them is Wang Fucheng, an Archean Mountain disciple. The other is an ordinary Godfiend. They are both Indestructible Godfiends.” The other demon monarchs smiled hideously. They had intelligence on the various prefectures in the world. Of course, it would be difficult for them to gather information on Godfiends that were living in seclusion. Unfortunately for the humans, Godfiends needed to guard various locations in the world. There were few Godfiends that were unknown to the demons.

The six demon monarchs quickly chased after them. Jumo was the fastest, far exceeding Wang Fucheng and Hu Xiao’s speed.

“I hope we can hold on for a little longer. It’ll be great if we can hold out until a Marquis Godfiend arrives.”

“Perhaps, there are powerful Godfiends around Green Mountain Prefecture.”

Wang Fucheng and Hu Xiao hoped for a miracle to happen. They understood if a miracle didn’t occur, a huge calamity would befall Green Mountain Prefecture City.

...

At Green Mountain Prefecture City’s northern city wall, soldiers from all over the city had rushed over—even if they had been off-duty. Over 10,000 soldiers were gathered at the northern wall, and more soldiers were still coming.

Most of the soldiers were ordinary in strength. Many of them had not reached the Marrow Cleansing realm and were still in the Internal Tempering realm. However, they weren’t serving in the military. They were just protecting their city. Such a job had low strength requirements. Most soldiers operated the alarms or defensive mechanisms.

“Brace yourselves.”

Defensive machinery was being transported from various buildings and being placed into specific positions on the city walls.

The soldiers stared at the incoming demon army. Although they were extremely nervous, nobody retreated.

Most demon invasions began outside a city. A prefecture was just too large! Usually, when a World Entrance appeared, it would appear outside a city. It was relatively unlikely for a World Entrance to appear within a city—like what had happened at Eastcalm Prefecture. If a World Entrance appeared inside a city, the city walls—that had been built with great effort—and all the other preparations the humans had made would be useless!

It was more common to see demons swarming a city from outside. The great obstacle in most demon invasions was the city walls!

Green Mountain Prefecture City’s walls were 150 feet tall. A very wide moat laid outside the walls. It made it even harder for the demons to enter the city with the moat in their way. With defensive mechanisms in place, the demons would have a hard time entering the city.

“Don’t be afraid. Just follow your orders. We need to hold on for as long as we can. As long as the Godfiends win, these demons will retreat.” The officers encouraged the soldiers. After all, most soldiers had never fought demons before.

The demon commander, lieutenant commanders, and greater demons suddenly stopped a quarter-kilometer away from the city wall. Demons had intelligence, which is why they wouldn’t foolishly rush in.

“Quick, quick, quick.”

“Have the lesser demons enter a formation in preparation for our charge.”

The demon lieutenant commanders obeyed and relayed the orders.

Most of the 30,000-strong demon army was composed of lesser demons. The demon commander would plan the attack while the other demons would enter formations. Once they had entered a formation, they would breach the city walls in one fell swoop using their numerical advantage.

If they relied on 2000 to 3000 demons to breach the city walls, the losses would be catastrophic due to there being many traps and defensive mechanisms. It was better to let the lesser demons charge ahead, while the greater demons engaged in slaughter. The commanders and lieutenant commanders would destroy the humans’ defenses while this was all going on.

“Take up formation!”

The lesser demons ran with all their might. They were only half as fast as greater demons, but they could match humans in the Mortal Shedding realm. They arrived outside Green Mountain Prefecture City and formed formations according to the orders given. Although they had lacking teamwork compared to the humans, the demon army would be several times stronger as long as they entered a military formation.

Just as the demons were beginning to take up formation, a bolt of lightning streaked across the sky, heading straight for Green Mountain Prefecture City!

Meng Chuan had arrived!

The lesser demons ran 2.5 kilometers to get here! Meng Chuan had to travel over 150 kilometers to reach Green Mountain Prefecture City!

Oh? Lightning shot out from Meng Chuan’s body as he streaked across the sky. He could see the massive demon army at a glance. A few lesser demons were straggling behind the main army. However, most lesser demons were taking up formation.

Thankfully, I came in time. Meng Chuan heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this. If he had come any later, they would’ve attacked the city!

The Godfiend responsible for reinforcing the city had arrived before the demon army could even attack the city! The reinforcement had come at astonishing speeds.

Swoosh.

The lightning split into several dozens of lightning bolts, striking the demon army ferociously.

Meng Chuan’s perception domain had a range of 200 feet; he had a clear grasp on any auras within one kilometer. After sensing the strongest auras in the demon army, he shot lightning towards them.

The 30 demon commanders and 23 lieutenant commanders only saw lightning heading towards them. They didn’t have time to dodge. All of them revealed looks of despair.

“Aren’t the Godfiends dealing with the demon monarchs? Why is there a Godfiend attacking us?”

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Explosions in several areas outside Green Mountain Prefecture City could be heard. Thunder rumbled as the demon commanders, and lieutenant commanders were reduced to ashes; their ashes scattered across the land.

This scene stunned the demon army. The explosions covered an area over half a kilometer, and it killed all the demon commanders and lieutenant commanders!

How powerful was this Godfiend for him to achieve such a thing?

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan landed on the city wall. Using his new-found footing, he leaped towards Crescent Lake.

The soldiers saw a bolt of lightning land on the city wall before leaping again. They saw the man bathed in lightning. No, a God of Lightning. All the soldiers cheered when they saw him.

“A Godfiend is here!”

“A Godfiend is here!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 - Slaying
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Crescent Lake was in Green Mountain Prefecture City. It was shaped like a crescent moon. The lake was roughly 2.5 kilometers long and a kilometer wide.

Green Mountain Prefecture’s Jadesun Palace Lord, Wang Fucheng, was battling the three-headed demon monarch on the lake. Countless streams of water swirled in the air as they constantly bombarded the three-headed demon monarch. However, the three-headed demon monarch was unfazed by the attacks.

Jumo’s three heads differed in size. The middle head was of average size, while the other two heads were half the average size. Jumo also had six black arms; he held a curved blade in each hand as he constantly attacked Wang Fucheng.

Every exchange of moves was horrifying; they caused the lake to explode continuously.

Wang Fucheng held the terrain advantage as he attempted to suppress his opponent with his domain. His sword art was good at defense, but he remained disadvantaged against Jumo.

Hu Xiao had already used forbidden spells to fight against the second Firmament demon monarchs with all his might.

“Palace Lord, I can’t hold on any longer,” said Hu Xiao via voice transmission. “Neither of these demon monarchs are inferior to me. Even with your domain aiding me, I won’t be able to last for much longer.”

“I will die swiftly once the demon monarchs join forces after you die,” said Wang Fucheng. “We’ll probably die within ten strikes if we try escaping from Crescent Lake.”

Pfft.

A demon monarch’s lightning-fast tail stabbed out. Hu Xiao hurriedly used his left arm to block, but the purple tail pierced through his armor. Hu Xiao’s severed arm flew into the air.

“Kill him.” The second Firmament demon monarchs smiled hideously. With five of them against one person—even if the other party was desperately fighting—they could kill him quickly.

“Ahhh!” Hu Xiao went crazy. He wanted at least one demon monarch to die with him.

“Brother Xiao.” Wang Fucheng was helpless when he saw this scene. Suddenly, he saw lightning passing through the northern horizon.

Swoosh!

The bolt of lightning flew over from the north. It moved at supersonic speeds. Meng Chuan arrived at Crescent Lake before the explosions, and cheers at the city wall could be heard here.

“That’s...” Jumo and the second Firmament demon monarchs sensed a powerful Godfiend aura rapidly approaching them. At that moment, Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence erupted. His Godfiend aura was not concealed at all; it was extremely eye-catching.

The six demon monarchs were alarmed. It hadn’t been long since they attacked Green Mountain Prefecture City. How had a Godfiend arrived so quickly?

A Godfiend is here! Wang Fucheng and Hu Xiao were delighted by this turn of events.

Meng Chuan—who was covered in lightning—immediately discovered Hu Xiao in a dire situation.

Six demon monarchs? Meng Chuan’s body flashed as he landed on Crescent Lake’s surface. He did not hesitate to draw his saber.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Six saber beams instantly erupted from Demon Slayer. Covered in blinding lightning, the saber beams distorted the void, warping space. The second Firmament demon monarchs were about to dodge, but the saber beams had already reached them by the time they could react. The second Firmament demon monarchs were sliced in half by the saber beams; their bodies fell into the lake, dyeing the water red.

Hu Xiao—who was about to sacrifice himself—looked at the five demon monarch corpses dazedly. He understood that he had survived!

It’s too fast! Jumo realized that the saber beam had distorted the void and instantly closed in on him. After realizing that he couldn’t dodge the saber beam, he raised his six arms to block it.

Bam!

Jumo found the saber beam too overwhelming! It completely crushed his defense!

Two curved blades were sent flying from the impact while the other four curved blades continued to be held. However, Jumo’s hands were covered in blood. His hands were injured by the impact. Blood gushed out from his hands, but he had managed to stay alive.

He defeated me with a single saber beam? Jumo found it unbelievable. Although he had recently reached the third Firmament and had yet to consolidate his strength, his true form was a three-headed magical snake. His bloodline was much stronger than ordinary demon monarchs. As an Archean Mountain disciple, Wang Fucheng—who was at the peak of the Indestructible realm—was comparable to an ordinary third Firmament demon monarch. However, he was still suppressed by Jumo in a one-on-one battle even though he held the terrain advantage.

Meng Chuan defeated Jumo with a casual saber beam upon arrival.

Oh?

After landing on the lake’s surface, the lightning receded and revealed Meng Chuan’s figure.

Senior Brother Meng! Wang Fucheng revealed a look of delight. He naturally recognized the genius Archean Mountain disciple that had mastered a Black Metal Sutra move and had a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body.

Meng Chuan glanced at the three-headed demon monarch in surprise. His brows pricked up. “It didn’t die?”

He’s too powerful. If I can’t escape, I’ll die! Jumo was filled with horror. He didn’t hesitate to use the innate abilities provided by his bloodline.

His body split into three, transforming into three black snakes. The three black snakes instantly burrowed into Crescent Lake and fled in three different directions.

“Do you think you can escape?” Lightning flashed from Meng Chuan’s body as he instantly split into three identical figures.

The three Meng Chuans slashed out!

The saber beams parted the lake—that was several hundred feet deep. Following that, the saber beams struck the black snakes that were frantically escaping.

The three black snakes were hit! Two black snakes were halved, immediately causing a massive snake corpse to be revealed. Only one black snake remained alive despite being struck. Its body had a deep wound, but its body wasn’t sliced through. With a twist of its body, it burrowed into the mud at the bottom of the lake and continued its escape.

Two avatars? That’s the true body? It looks like it’s a demon monarch with a special bloodline. Meng Chuan took two steps forward before brandishing his saber again!

Whoosh—

The lake water parted once again. When the saber beam struck the bottom of the lake, a Yin-Yang blast transmitted downwards.

...

Jumo fled frantically, continuing to burrow underground.

I’m a three-headed magical snake. I’m good at escaping through water and burrowing into the ground. No matter how fast that human Godfiend is, he can’t compare to me when it comes to burrowing in the ground. I’ll definitely be able to escape. Jumo had used a forbidden spell when he burrowed into the ground. The deeper underground he went, the better. It gave him a sense of security.

However, a strange force rapidly spread underground, instantly reaching his body.

“No.” Jumo could not help but feel fear and despair when he sensed the terrifying force.

Clang!

The strange force exploded after it reached his body. Demon Monarch Jumo’s body instantly burst.

My life-preservation means are very strong. I’m good at escaping through water and burrowing into the ground. I came to the human world to make great contributions. I wanted to receive the demons’ bestowment. In the future, I could become a fourth Firmament demon monarch or even a fifth Firmament greater demon monarch. No, I’m unwilling to accept this. Jumo felt his consciousness dissipate. He felt extreme despair and indignation. Was he about to die just after coming to the human world?

Riches were sought in danger! The demons’ hierarchy was strict, and many large factions had occupied the resources. Although coming to the human world was dangerous, it was a good opportunity to stand out.

He came! Yet, he was unable to withstand the danger.

His injuries were too severe. He only managed a few more seconds of consciousness before it completely dissipated.

...

Meng Chuan stood on the lake surface and pointed downwards. “The demon monarch’s corpse is 270 feet below the lake.”

The demon monarch didn’t know that Meng Chuan could sense auras within a kilometer of him! Meng Chuan could clearly sense the demon monarch when he reached the bottom of the lake. If he were to use the Tiger Roar Stance, Meng Chuan would create a thousand-foot-wide crater! It would reduce the demon monarch to smithereens! However, a demon monarch’s corpse could be used by Archean Mountain; thus, he didn’t destroy it completely.

“I’ll dig it out,” said Wang Fucheng immediately with a smile.

“I’ll leave the aftermath to you. I’ll go destroy those demons.” With that said, Meng Chuan transformed into a bolt of lightning and headed for the northern city wall.

“Senior Brother Meng, don’t worry,” said Wang Fucheng loudly as he watched Meng Chuan leave.

Whoosh!

Wang Fucheng stood there, casting his domain. The lake water parted, revealing the bottom of the lake. Water tore through the soil and constantly drilled downwards.

“Palace Lord, who was that?” Hu Xiao walked over while clasping his arm stump.

“That’s a top Archean Mountain disciple,” said Wang Fucheng with a smile. “An ordinary disciple like me will still be thrashed by Senior Brother Meng even when I become a Great Solar Godfiend. Of course, by the time I reach the Great Solar realm, Senior Brother Meng might already be a Darkstar Godfiend by then.”

Whoosh! Water swirled around the snake’s corpse—pulled out from underground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 - 30,000 Ice Sculptures
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan streaked across the sky. He landed on a tree, using it as a platform to leap towards the city wall. As he was heading towards the city wall, Meng Chuan saw that the 30,000 demons had yet to retreat!

Even though the commanders and a number of lieutenant commanders were dead, the demon army had yet to attack! Whether they attacked or retreated depended on the demon monarchs’ orders.

“The demon monarchs haven’t given any orders. We cannot retreat!”

“Retreating without permission will mean death once we return to the Demon Realm!”

“When the demon monarchs kill the Godfiends, we will wipe out Green Mountain Prefecture City!”

Although the demons were somewhat uneasy, nobody dared to retreat. According to their rules, if the demon monarchs fled, they would order the demon army to retreat! Unbeknownst to them, the demon monarchs were all dead. No demon monarchs were left alive to give the demon army any orders!

If a Marquis Godfiend had rushed over to provide relief, the demon monarchs would’ve been frightened out of their wits when they sensed the Godfiend aura coming from afar! Marquis Godfiends were slower than Meng Chuan, so one or two demon monarchs could escape if they split up and fled.

However, they only saw Meng Chuan as a Great Solar Godfiend. They held some confidence in fighting against him. After all, five second Firmament demon monarchs were cooperating with an elite third Firmament demon monarch! Due to their confidence, they realized the disparity in strength too late.

Thankfully they haven’t attacked. Meng Chuan heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the 30,000-strong demon army had yet to attack the city.

He had been afraid that the demon army would attack Green Mountain Prefecture City while he was fighting the demon monarchs. This would definitely result in human casualties. This was why he had killed the commanders and some lieutenant commanders.

It’s too late to escape now. Meng Chuan stared at the demon army with no pity whatsoever.

Swoosh!

A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky and landed in the middle of the demon army outside the city.

“It’s that Godfiend!” The demons were horrified.

Lightning erupted from Meng Chuan’s body. A thick, black baneful aura spread in all directions, covering a thousand feet.

The baneful aura thinned after covering such a huge area. However, the mortal demons froze into ice sculptures once the baneful aura touched them! His baneful aura was much more terrifying Demon Monarch Poison Pool’s poisonous fog.

Swoosh.

Wherever the baneful aura passed, a large number of demons would freeze to death, forever to be ice sculptures.

“Run!”

“Run!”

The demons no longer cared about military discipline. In the face of death, they frantically fled in all directions.

But Meng Chuan was too fast! He instantly arrived at the demon army’s rear. In just a few seconds, he passed through the demon army seven times! Every time he did so, everything with a thousand feet froze.

“This...”

“The demons have all been frozen.”

“Amazing.”

The soldiers—who were on the city wall—were shocked by the scene before them. In just a few seconds, over 90 percent of the 30,000-strong demon army was frozen to death.

Meng Chuan turned into a bolt of lightning as he circled and cornered the demons—that were better at escaping—before freezing them to death.

The hundred or so flying demons that attempted to escape were unable to escape from Meng Chuan’s perception. They either froze or were struck by lightning.

In ten seconds, the 30,000-strong demon army was completely wiped out! None of them managed to escape.

“Godfiend! Godfiend!” Shock ran through the soldiers on the city walls as they cheered excitedly.

This was the strength of a human Godfiend! The demon army had been slaughtered within a few seconds.

Swoosh.

After wiping out the demon army, Meng Chuan looked to the north. The demons had swarmed over from the north. This meant that the World Entrance was located north of Green Mountain Prefecture City.

Hence, he went to investigate the north.

The demon army had left devastation in its wake, so it was easy to follow their tracks.

Found it. Meng Chuan saw the distorted World Entrance that was 1000 feet long. Countless footprints could be seen around it.

Whoosh. Meng Chuan retracted his aura and silently landed on a tree not far from the barren mountain. He sat on a branch and watched silently.

Wiping out the invading demons didn’t mean that it was over.

He had to confirm no more demons were coming out of the World Entrance! He could only return to North River Pass after people from Archean Mountain came to take his place.

...

“Your Majesty, I saw it clearly. The 30,000-strong demon army fled in terror outside Green Mountain Prefecture City, but all of them were turned to ice sculptures. None of them escaped.” The black-robed figure, Pangoswim, knelt respectfully and reported to Greater Demon Monarch Avaricehell.

“They weren’t able to escape?” Avaricehell frowned slightly as the other demon monarchs around him fell into a commotion.

“Thirty thousand demons couldn’t escape despite scattering in all directions?”

“Some of them can fly while others can burrow in the ground. Yet, they couldn’t escape?”

The demon monarchs found it unbelievable.

“I saw everything clearly. Even in the darkness, I saw a palm-sized object from a kilometer away,” Pangoswim immediately shouted. “Green Mountain Prefecture City’s northern gates were lit up by torches. The 30,000-strong demon army was very eye-catching as they were illuminated by light. I saw everything clearly while standing on the barren mountain. All the demons were frozen to death! None of them escaped! I was so frightened that I immediately retreated.”

“Oh?” Avaricehell placed his black palm on the armrest. He calmly said, “To prevent 30,000 demons from escaping, it must be a Marquis Godfiend that has a domain. To appear just after the attack, the Marquis Godfiend must be one of the roaming Godfiends. He happened to be near Green Mountain Prefecture City. Forget it. Count themselves lucky.”

He did not mind losing some of his subordinates. Knowing that there were powerful Godfiends in the area, he naturally wouldn’t send his subordinates to their deaths.

...

By Crescent Lake, the demon monarchs’ corpses were piled to the side. Many soldiers had rushed over and were shocked upon seeing the demon monarchs’ corpses.

“An Archean Mountain Godfiend happened to pass by our Green Mountain Prefecture and saved us,” said Wang Fucheng with a smile. “Since the demons have been killed, pass the order. The city is to return to normal. Have everyone exit the tunnels.”

“Yes,” the soldiers replied in a loud voice. They relayed his orders excitedly.

Wang Fucheng looked at Hu Xiao. “Brother Hu Xiao, watch over the demon monarchs’ corpses. Archean Mountain will send someone over tonight. We will hand the corpses over to them when the time comes.”

“Yes.” Hu Xiao nodded. He looked at his severed arm and sighed. “I have to head to Archean Mountain so I can heal my arm.”

There were some powerful Godfiends that could provide treatment for severe injuries.

For example, even Qian Yu could recover from his severe injuries. Only his destroyed dantian couldn’t be recovered. All his physical injuries were completely healed.

“Haha, Archean Mountain can regenerate your severed arm in a day. Alright, I’ll be going to Senior Brother Meng first,” said Wang Fucheng with a smile. Following that, he transformed into a stream of light and headed towards the northern city wall.

Moments later, Wang Fucheng saw the silver-white ice sculptures outside the city! The 30,000 ice sculptures were a shocking sight. It was clearly summer, but the ice sculptures were bone-chilling.

Wang Fucheng stared at the demon ice sculptures with shock. Senior Brother Meng is really amazing. His strength should be close to that of a Marquis Godfiend, right?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 - Earth Net
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the northern city wall, the general in charge of the city wall came to Wang Fucheng’s side and bowed respectfully. “Palace Lord.”

“Where’s the Godfiend who dealt with the demons?” asked Wang Fucheng.

“After the Lord turned all the demons into ice sculptures, he transformed into lightning and headed north.” The general pointed at a dark mountain outside the city.

“Okay.” Wang Fucheng nodded slightly and jumped off the city wall. He headed towards the mountain as a blurry stream of light.

Wang Fucheng arrived at the barren mountain by following the demons’ tracks. When he saw the distorted World Entrance that was 1000 feet long, he immediately looked around in puzzlement.

“Junior Brother Wang.” After Meng Chuan spoke, he jumped down from the tree and landed on the ground.

Wang Fucheng smiled when he saw Meng Chuan. He walked over with a smile, and said, “Senior Brother Meng, I rushed over to meet you after I finished my work in the city. I don’t know how many people would’ve died in Green Mountain Prefecture City if it weren’t for you.”

“It’s nothing.” Meng Chuan shook his head and asked, “What losses did Green Mountain Prefecture City suffer?”

“Some people were implicated when the demon monarchs entered the city,” said Wang Fucheng. “A few hundred people died.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. That was already a low casualty count! If the demon monarchs had defeated the Godfiends, the entire city would be reduced to ruins. Hundreds of thousands of people would die; it would be tragic!

Meng Chuan had witnessed the destruction of a city when he was six, which was why he never showed mercy to the demons.

“Speaking of which, Junior Brother Wang, it’s been almost five years since you left Archean Mountain.” Meng Chuan didn’t continue talking about the losses.

“Yes.” Wang Fucheng nodded and said, “After I left the mountain, I was first stationed at Calm Sea Pass for three years. Since King Calm Sea was around, it was relatively safe. Senior Brother Meng, your strength far exceeds ours. Were you deployed to a medium-sized city pass?”

“North River Pass.” Meng Chuan didn’t hide anything.

“Among our fellow disciples, most of the powerful Great Solar Godfiends are stationed at medium-sized city passes,” said Wang Fucheng wistfully.

Meng Chuan nodded. Archean Mountain’s Great Solar Godfiends had different levels of strength. For top experts like Zhang Yunhu—who had reached the Realm of Dao—they were very close to becoming Darkstar Godfiends. Mu Qing and Fan Cheng—who was extremely talented—were both at the Realm of Soul’s peak. Yu Chiyan, Shi Xiu, and Yang Xingwu had Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul. One cultivated the Mirage Fiend Body, another cultivated the Sanguine Divine Body, and the last was skilled with domains. They all played important roles on the battlefield.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were peerless geniuses. They had achieved Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul and had perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. Their roles on the battlefield were no less important than Zhang Yunhu’s! They were stationed at a medium-sized city pass the moment they descended Archean Mountain.

Most of Archean Mountain’s top Great Solar Godfiends went to medium-sized city passes. The remaining Godfiends went to Earth Net.

For the Great Solar Godfiends that had just reached the Realm of Soul, they typically guarded small cities.

Wang Fucheng shook his head and said, “I have to attain Greater Mastery of the Realm of Soul before I can go to a medium-sized city pass. I’m still at the Realm of Intent’s peak and haven’t become a Great Solar Godfiend.”

“You’ve only left the mountain for five years. It usually takes people ten to twenty years to become a Great Solar Godfiend after leaving the mountain,” said Meng Chuan. “Alright, you should hurry back. Green Mountain Prefecture City needs you. When an Archean Mountain Godfiend arrives, you will need to receive him.”

“Senior Brother, I’ll be troubling you to take care of this area then,” said Wang Fucheng before leaving.

Meng Chuan retracted his aura and silently waited for a Godfiend—that would take over his current job—on a nearby tree.

...

Green Mountain Prefecture city was currently in an uproar. The government office had sent out a series of orders. The entire city knew that the demons had been defeated and that they had won! They were completely safe, and everybody could leave the tunnels now.

“What? We won?”

In a Dao Academy’s castle, the Dao Academy dean, lecturers, soldiers, many retired veterans, and a group of disciples—that had reached the Marrow Cleansing realm—were somewhat stunned.

“Logically speaking, the city wall can’t hold the demons for too long. The demons will storm the city, and citizens will have to fend for themselves.” A lecturer holding a spear was filled with delight. “I never expected that all of our efforts were wasted. We won without even needing to risk our lives. The demons have completely lost!”

“Since the demons dared to attack, they should have confidence in defeating our Green Mountain Prefecture City’s Godfiends.” A middle-aged woman who had two swords on her back sighed in amazement. “We’ve won without the city being destroyed. There must be a special reason. Could it be that a powerful Godfiend lives in our Green Mountain Prefecture City?”

“Powerful Godfiends patrol the world, and they might appear in any city. It’s also possible for them to appear in Green Mountain Prefecture.”

“Haha, this is a blessing for our Green Mountain Prefecture City. It’s a blessing for Green Mountain Prefecture!”

Everyone laughed extremely happily. Those who had served in the military knew how difficult it was to fight demons! When a horde of demons surged over, humans needed to risk their lives as they defended.

...

All the important areas—six Dao Academies, four Godfiend family clan residences, and the government armory—in Green Mountain Prefecture City had forces stationed nearby.

After all, demons arrived very quickly. Most mortal soldiers in the city would have to travel over ten kilometers to reach the northern city wall. By the time they arrived, the city walls would have long been destroyed. Therefore, the soldiers and veterans they were close to the city walls were responsible for protecting them. People in other areas of the city relied on the terrain to fight the demons. They had to stall for time so that reinforcements could come. Only then could they achieve victory.

Everybody had been prepared to sacrifice themselves. However, they won without even seeing the demons.

“Let’s go. Let’s go to the north gate and see what happened.”

“How did we defeat the demons?”

“I wonder how many demons attacked our Green Mountain Prefecture City.”

Although they knew they had won, many people couldn’t help but rush towards the north gate.

The city gates remained closed, but people could still head up the city wall and take a look. Everybody was shocked when they saw the frozen demons.

Thirty thousand demon ice sculptures were truly a sight to behold. Many soldiers that had served in the military had never seen 30,000 frozen demons.

...

An hour after the demon invasion, an Archean Mountain Godfiend arrived.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Two figures came to Crescent Lake. Wang Fucheng was waiting there when he saw a thin man and an elder.

“Senior Brother Qu.” Wang Fucheng immediately greeted one of them. He only knew the thin man, but he didn’t know the elder’s identity.

“Okay.” The thin man glanced at the demon monarchs’ corpses before asking, “Who killed the demon monarchs?”

“Senior Brother Meng was passing by and saved the entire city,” said Wang Fucheng.

“Oh?” The thin man nodded slightly. “Where’s Senior Brother Meng?”

“About three kilometers north of the city. He’s watching the World Entrance,” said Wang Fucheng.

“Brother Guo, handle the demon monarchs’ corpses. I’ll watch over the World Entrance,” said the thin man. In terms of strength, he was slightly stronger than the elder.

“Alright.” The elder smiled.

The thin man’s figure vanished as he headed north.

...

On the barren mountain, the thin man met Meng Chuan.

“Senior Brother Meng,” said the thin man politely.

“Senior Brother Qu?” Meng Chuan had not seen him before. After all, Qu had left the mountain over 30 years ago. However, he had memorized the faces of every single Archean Mountain disciple.

At Archean Mountain, if both parties had similar strength, both parties addressed each other as senior brothers or senior sisters. This was a form of respect for each other.

North River Pass was different. Everyone at North River Pass were teammates that had fought life-and-death battles together. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were rookies, so they addressed everyone else as senior brothers and sisters.

“Many of our fellow disciples haven’t returned to the mountain in a long time, but we’ve heard your name,” said the thin man with a smile. “A perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and the mastery of a Black Metal Sutra move. You are already stronger than us who have left the mountain for decades.”

“I just left the mountain. I can’t compare with the contributions and achievements all my seniors have made in the decades after they left the mountain,” said Meng Chuan.

“Haha.” The thin man flipped his hand and took out a purple token. On it was the word “Seeker.” “Senior Brother Meng, let’s get down to business first. From now on, the World Entrance will be taken over by our Earth Net.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Earth Net...

Roughly 30 percent of Archean Mountain’s Godfiends were in Earth Net. They were in charge of pursuing demons and the Skydemon Sect, and to search for new World Entrances.

Earth Net even commandeered the imperial government’s intelligence network. Countless mortals served it.

The Seeker position was also a part of Earth Net! However, it was a more special role than a Patroller. Most Seekers were Marquis and Regis Godfiends. Earth Net was a very powerful organization, so they could easily deal with many demons and demon monarchs. Whenever they encountered demon monarchs and Skydemons they couldn’t deal with, they would seek reinforcements. A Patroller would rush over and kill the powerful demon monarchs and Skydemons.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 - One Year
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Senior Brother Meng, I saw 30,000 demon ice sculptures outside the northern city wall. Did any demons escape?” asked the thin man.

“The demons might have split up their troops in advance,” said Meng Chuan. “But amongst the 30,000 demons I encountered, not a single one escaped.”

The thin man was secretly alarmed. Not a single one escaped? This fellow disciple was truly formidable!

“Alright, I’ve no more questions.” The thin man smiled and said, “Leave the rest to Earth Net.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan also understood the process. He immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning and streaked across the sky. He arrived at a distant mountain peak before disappearing completely.

From the beginning to the end, Meng Chuan had not revealed his identity as a Patroller. His identity as a Patroller was a secret. To the majority, Meng Chuan just happened to be nearby when the demons invaded.

Even the fact that Meng Chuan had saved Green Mountain Prefecture City had to be kept a secret! Often, stories of roaming Godfiends saving a city could be heard, but the identity of those Godfiends was never publicly announced. If their identities were made public, the demons would be able to determine the size of the human race’s “Patroller network” after gathering enough intelligence. After all, only a few Godfiends would happen to be a city for no reason. Most were Patrollers that rushed over to provide reinforcements!

...

Swoosh.

A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky and landed in North River Pass. There were hundreds of thousands of people living here. In terms of size, North River Pass wasn’t much smaller than Green Mountain Prefecture City.

Meng Chuan quickly returned to his residence. The window was still open. Meng Chuan entered the manor through the window.

With a lantern illuminating her surroundings, Liu Qiyue read a book on the bed. When she saw Meng Chuan, she revealed a look of delight. “Ah Chuan, you’re back? Did everything go well?”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan placed Demon Slayer by the bed. He took off his outer robe and got into bed. He smiled and said, “It’s alright. The demons hadn’t attacked the city when I arrived. I killed six demon monarchs and vanquished 30,000 demons.”

Liu Qiyue nodded. Such combat feats were normal to her. As a Great Solar Godfiend with a perfected Phoenix Divine body, she was slightly stronger than Meng Chuan in terms of wide-spread destruction. Her phoenix flames were just that terrifying. However, she was slower than Meng Chuan. If 30,000 demons fled in all directions, up to 5000 demons might escape.

“A few hundred mortals were killed when the demon monarchs entered the city.” Meng Chuan shook his head gently.

“It’s already good enough that only a few hundred were killed during a demon invasion,” Liu Qiyue comforted him.

“Yes, don’t worry. I’m already used to it. The sun hasn’t risen yet. Let’s sleep a little longer,” said Meng Chuan as he lay down.

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue put down her book and continued sleeping.

...

At North River Pass, the demons never attacked again. Perhaps they were trying to come up with a way to deal with the tough nut that was Meng Chuan.

On 27th August, Meng Chuan discovered a request for help in the early morning. He traveled over 300 kilometers, rushing to Gaolan County in Jadedusk Prefecture. An unstable World Entrance had appeared six kilometers away from Gaolan County City. A second Firmament demon monarch led 5000 demons to attack Gaolan County. As Gaolan County didn’t have any Godfiends presiding over it, they failed to put up a resistance.

After Meng Chuan arrived, he killed the demon monarch first. It took him one minute to run around Gaolan County and kill all the scattered demons. Over 8000 out of 90,000 Gaolan County City’s residents died!

As Gaolan County City had weak defenses, the first thing people did was hide in the tunnels. The demons were scattered everywhere in the city because they were trying to force their way into the trap-filled tunnels! The demons didn’t have time to breach the tunnels before Meng Chuan arrived. If he had arrived 15 minutes later, probably no living humans would’ve been left in the city.

Meng Chuan could travel nearly 1500 kilometers in 15 minutes! He was much faster than Marquis Godfiends. He was considered fast, even among Regis Godfiends. If he became a Marquis Godfiend, his speed would be absurd! If his strength continued to increase, his speed would creep closer and closer to the speed of lightning.

...

On 19th September, Meng Chuan had just eaten dinner and was still cultivating his saber art when he received a request for help.

He immediately traveled over 250 kilometers to Fish Zen County in Guhe Prefecture. He killed a second Firmament demon monarch and 6000 demons. As for Fish Zen County, over 3000 out of 60,000 residents died.

...

Time gradually passed, and it was the end of the year. Meng Chuan had been in North River Pass for a year. He had only encountered one demon attack on the city pass and three requests for help.

3rd December. Archean Mountain, night.

“Supremacy, this is today’s dossier.” Archean Mountain Lord placed the dossier on the desk.

Supremacy Qin Wu—who was reading—put down his book. He picked up the dossier and began reading. He frowned. “Today, two World Entrances appeared in our Great Zhou Dynasty?”

“Yes.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded. “Unstable World Entrances have been appearing more frequently. However, these two World Entrances were too far from cities! The demons didn’t send their troops to attack. However, according to Earth Net’s investigations, there should be demons that took advantage of these two World Entrances and infiltrated the human world.”

“Yes.” Supremacy Qin frowned and nodded slightly. “The number of demons that have infiltrated the human world is increasing.”

An unstable World Entrance could appear anywhere. In fact, only a small number appeared near cities.

Most appeared in the wilderness or remote mountains. They were far from any city. As long as they were 25 kilometers away, sending out a demon army would only lead to them being discovered on the way! With the speed the lesser demons could move, Godfiend reinforcements would’ve arrived before they could each reach a city.

Therefore, demons would not attack cities if a World Entrance was too far away. Instead, they sent a few demons to infiltrate the human world. They would spread out in search of opportunities to carry out destruction.

It was also for survival. There was a limit to the number of demons that could be provided for in the Demon Realm. They also had wars that never ended. With the help of unstable World Entrances, they sent batches of demons into the human world. This reduced the burden on the Demon Realm’s various factions. The demons could enter the human world and “earn” a living! They were killing two birds with one stone by doing this!

“These demons sneak in and hide in different areas. They hide in lakes and mountains. Typically, a few greater demons lead dozens of lesser demons,” said Archean Mountain Lord. “It’s not easy to find them. Even if we find them, we will only wipe out a few demons. These demons are finding opportunities to attack human villages and forts.”

“Yes.” Supremacy Qin Wu nodded.

Currently, human villages had forts built to withstand the repeated sneak attacks from the demons.

“To prevent unrest, we claim that World Entrances suddenly appear which result in demons attacking the village forts,” said Supremacy Qin Wu. “In fact, most of these small-scale sneak attacks are done by the demons lurking in our human world. As more and more demons appear, it’ll be impossible for us to hide the truth. When people learn that there are many demons lurking everywhere, I’m afraid it will cause great panic.”

“Earth Net is already in search of them.” Archean Mountain Lord said, “They’ve been sweeping the entire world. Every demon group found is destroyed. The demons don’t dare to appear easily either.”

“But the demons are different from us. Many of them live underground or in the water,” said Supremacy Qin Wu. “According to the dossiers, Earth Net is lacking in Godfiends. If Earth Net’s Godfiend population can increase by 50 percent, their searches will be more rigorous.”

“The various city passes are in desperate need for Godfiends too,” said Archean Mountain Lord helplessly.

Qin Wu nodded. The biggest problem for humans in this war was the lack of Godfiends!

“If we have a few more fast Patrollers, we can relieve the pressure,” said Archean Mountain Lord. “For example, Meng Chuan is in charge of eighteen prefectures that are within 500 kilometers of North River Pass. He has done very well in the past year. He quickly arrived each time. The prefecture city’s losses are negligible. The losses suffered by the two county cities were relatively low as well.

There’s only one Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. There’s only a handful of people who have completed the Seventh or Eighth Refinement. Their speed is far inferior to Meng Chuan, so they are given much smaller areas to watch over. Supremacy Qin suddenly said, “I do have an idea. The small city passes spread across the Great Zhou territory will each have an ordinary Great Solar Godfiend stationed. Their secondary duties are to help Earth Net.

“Every month, they will search for demons in the surrounding 150 kilometers for ten days. In any case, the small city passes are quite safe. An ordinary Great Solar godfiend won’t have many problems dealing with a demon invasion,” said Supremacy Qin Wu. “With a Great Solar Godfiend searching their designated areas for ten days each month, the burden on Earth net will greatly reduce.”

“This is just an idea I came up with. Discuss it with the other Elders and see if it’s suitable,” instructed Supremacy Qin Wu.

Archean Mountain Lord nodded slightly. “I’ll carefully scrutinize the strength of the various small city passes. I’ll try my best to ensure the strength of the small city passes while increasing Earth Net’s strength.”

“Supremacy.” Archean Mountain Lord could not help but say, “In the past year, more Godfiends have died in battle than the previous year. Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven can still hold on, but Two World Island’s situation is quite a mess...”

“I know. You can return first,” instructed Supremacy Qin Wu.

“Yes.” Archean Mountain Lord could only leave.

Supremacy Qin Wu sat there for a long time before he picked up the book and continued reading.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153 - Demon Monarch Lion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

5th December, silver snow blanketed North River Pass.

Meng Chuan stood in his yard and continued cultivating the core move of his saber art—Heart Saber Stance! Every time he unsheathed his saber, he would deliver a dozen or more strikes before sheathing the saber. With his perception domain, he could accurately pinpoint the speed and flaws of every strike.

Since he had obtained the Heart Intent Saber legacy and had seen Senior Guo Ke demonstrate the Heart Saber Stance’s five variations, he knew which direction his saber art should go. Cultivation was a long road. If one didn’t have a goal, they would end up wasting decades of cultivation time.

It was completely different when one had a cultivation goal. This was one of the reasons why many Archean Mountain disciples gave up on mastering Black Metal Sutras. This was because they might not obtain the intent legacy for their entire lives if they did so. If they pursued mastery of a Black Metal Sutra, they might never become a Great Solar Godfiend.

Even with the intent legacy and perception domain, my saber art is improving at an ever-decreasing pace. I haven’t reached the peak of Saber Soul despite a year passing. However, I’m indeed improving. If one year isn’t enough, I’ll spend another two to three years. As long as I keep improving, I’ll eventually achieve Saber Dao. Once I achieve Saber Dao, I can reach the Darkstar realm.

Cultivation also trained one’s heart. If one were to grow anxious due to their slow cultivation progress and end up depressed and hopeless, the effects of their cultivation would only worsen. Therefore, one’s willpower also determined how far they could go on the path of cultivation! Every Marquis and Regis Godfiend had extraordinary willpower.

...

The Godfiends at North River Pass were mostly cultivating. The mortal soldiers trained at the outer city pass. The snow on the vast city walls had long been cleared away. The soldiers were split into platoons and trained together.

“Put in more effort! By practicing more often and cooperating together, you might survive on the battlefield.” The veterans berated the inexperienced soldiers. Many of these veterans had been at North River Pass for six to seven years. Some had been here for more than ten years. All of them volunteered to stay. These veterans no longer needed to undergo basic training. They just needed to cultivate occasionally.

“The sun really warms us up. Old Zhang, I’m starting to miss home.” A veteran sat on the city wall and looked at the white snow below. The reflected sunlight was a little blinding.

“You’ve been here for 13 years. It’s time you return,” another veteran said. This veteran had lost one ear and had a scar on his face.

“My younger brother is taking care of my parents back home, so I’m not in a hurry to return. Look at these foolish young ones. Without us leading them, most of them will die. I’ll stay here for two more years. I’ll return after I’ve served 15 years. I miss the river and the old willow tree back home... I don’t even know how my peers are doing.”

“You are making me miss home,” said the earless veteran. “However, I have no family. When the demons invaded Jadedusk Prefecture, my entire family was killed. I’ll be staying at North River Pass for the rest of my life. The more I kill, the better.”

“Since you are staying in North River Pass for the rest of your life. You might as well get a wife and have a few children here.”

“I can die on the battlefield anytime, so it’s best I don’t add grief to others.”

These veterans at North River Pass were used to being here. They had long finished their conscription period, but they chose to remain. A small number wanted to accumulate credit so they could become Godfiends. Most veterans didn’t have a chance of becoming Godfiends. Some were used to life at North River Pass, while others just wanted to fight it out with the demons.

General Zhang Yunhu and the other Godfiends placed great importance on these veteran soldiers. Occasionally, they would guide them.

Suddenly—

Dong! Dong! Dong!

Anxious drumming sounded from the inner city pass.

The veterans immediately stood up. Their Quintessential Energy circulated as their blood boiled. They instantly reached peak fighting states.

“The demons are about to attack the city. Prepare yourselves,” shouted the veteran soldiers. All the soldiers followed their training and quickly prepared all sorts of equipment and machinery.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Lightning, streams of light, and shadows rushed to the inner city wall.

The soldiers knew that those were Godfiends!

Godfiends mainy defended the dangerous inner city.

...

“Be careful,” instructed Liu Qiyue.

“Don’t worry.” Meng Chuan immediately leaped down from the city wall with Zhang Yunhu, Yu Chiyan, Yang Xingwu, Shi Xiu, and Mu Qing. Twenty-five Godfiends remained on top of the city wall.

The battlefield below the inner city walls was the most dangerous because it was the closest to the World Entrance! Meng Chuan and company were all peak Great Solar Godfiends. Without such strength, entering this battlefield would be suicidal.

“These demon monarchs have finally attacked again at the end of the year.” Zhang Yunhu looked at the stable World Entrance and smiled. “Junior Brother Meng, you caused these demon monarchs to suffer previously. I reckon they have a way to deal with you since they’ve come back after half a year.”

“I’ll need your help if I can’t hold them off, Senior Brother Zhang,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“Don’t be in a hurry to counterattack. Focus on defense first and see what are up these demon monarchs’ sleeves,” said Zhang Yunhu. “When we figure what they are capable of, we’ll attack with all our might! It’s fine if we can’t kill the demon monarchs. Our primary mission is to protect North River Pass.”

“Senior Brother Zhang, how many times have you said this?” Shi Xiu laughed.

Zhang Yunhu’s eyes widened. “I’m directing this at you! Don’t always take risks just because you have a Sanguine Divine Body!”

“It’s trivial if two or three holes are stabbed into my Sanguine Divine Body. I have to use this against the enemies,” Shi Xiu said. “Don’t worry. I’m experienced here. I know my limits.”

“I worry about you the most.” Zhang Yunhu glared but didn’t argue further. Shi Xiu had such a personality.

“They are here,” Mu Qing said coldly.

Thirty-five third Firmament demon monarchs walked out of the World Entrance at the same time. Once they exited the World Entrance, they began casting various defensive domains.

Liu Qiyue shot five arrows. Every arrow burned with blinding flames, threatening the demon monarchs.

Zhang Yunhu held a short spear in each hand in search of an opportunity to attack. But this time, the demon monarchs were very prepared. They did not give Zhang Yunhu a chance to attack.

“There are eight unfamiliar demon monarchs this time.” Zhang Yunhu frowned. “Furthermore, I have a bad feeling about them. I’m quite certain that more than one of these eight unknown demon monarchs are elites.”

“I also feel that there are a few elite demon monarchs,” said Meng Chuan.

In reality, it wasn’t a feeling. He could sense all auras within a kilometer of him. Three of the eight unfamiliar demon monarchs had extremely powerful auras. They were elite demon monarchs. The dark-red-haired lion demon monarch was especially strong. His aura was of similar strength to the black-robed demoness’s.

Amongst these demon monarchs, the black-robed demoness and the lion demon were the strongest.

Whoosh!

The demon monarchs suppressed Meng Chuan and company when it came to domains.

Only Yang Xingwu was capable of casting a domain that spanned a large area. Five demon monarchs were led by the black-robed demoness as they cast domains simultaneously, unleashing an intense chill.

The chill quickly spread across the battlefield. Originally, the battle was a lake; the snow had been melted by the Godfiends. However, this chill permeated the battlefield, turning the water within 1.5 kilometers of the demon monarchs’ domains to freeze completely.

“How cautious.” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu were very calm. They knew that the demon monarchs would not allow them to kill over 30,000 demons with lightning again.

With the water completely frozen, the lightning could no longer use it as a medium. It was better for the lightning to strike at the demons directly using the air as a medium. It was very difficult to do such a thing, and the lightning’s strength would be reduced greatly. Fewer demons would be killed as a result.

“He’s Meng Chuan?” Demon Monarch Lion looked at Meng Chuan. “Sister Sijia, watch me. I’ll eat him up.”

“He is extremely fast, and he’s very crafty. Brother, don’t be careless,” said the black-robed demoness.

“No matter how crafty he is, it’s useless.” Demon Monarch Lion was ready to pounce.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154 - Demonic Divine Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The third Firmament demon monarchs were split into two groups. Only after both groups passed through the World Entrance would they attack.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Six peak Great Solar Godfiends and 60 demon monarchs clashed. The demon monarchs instantly gained the upper hand.

What? Liu Qiyue and Fan Cheng’s hearts tightened when they saw the battle on the ice.

Meng Chuan, Shi Xiu, and Mu Qing each fought 12 demon monarchs in close combat! Shi Xiu and Mu Qing were facing ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs, but they were pressured by the 12 demon monarchs they each faced.

Meng Chuan was attacked by six elite demon monarchs and six ordinary demon monarchs. Every elite demon monarch had similar strength to Shi Xiu and Mu Qing!

“Damnit.” Zhang Yunhu’s nose flared. He held two blood-colored short spears in his hand and started helping Meng Chuan. “Previously, sending three elite demon monarchs to deal with you was crazy enough. But this time, they brought three more elite demon monarchs&mdash;all skilled at melee combat. Junior Brother Meng, they think very highly of you to send six elite demon monarchs towards you.”

“I’m a little flattered.” Meng Chuan executed his saber art.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu jointly defended.

Zhang Yunhu’s strength was extraordinary. He was able to match three elite demon monarchs alone. Currently, he was focused on defense and teamed up with Meng Chuan. They managed to withstand the six elite demon monarchs and six ordinary demon monarchs’ attacks.

“These demon monarchs have gone mad.”

“They actually sent so many elite demon monarchs here.” Yang Xingwu and Yu Chiyan were somewhat nervous. One controlled their domain and the other cast illusions on demons to help Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu.

Shi Xiu and Mu Qing barely managed to defend against the attacks. They also understood that the situation was rather dire.

Meng Chuan remained very calm.

When he first came to North River Pass, he was much weaker than Zhang Yunhu despite having a perfected transcendent-grade Godfiend Body. In the past year, he had mastered the Diamond body&mdash;which increased his strength greatly. Due to his powerful body, he could absorb even more baneful aura and lightning. He exchanged 390,000 credits for 78 gourds of Darknether baneful aura. Now, he was as strong as Zhang Yunhu. If he used the Power of Essence Soul, he would be even stronger!

He was confident that he could face all kinds of dangerous situations.

That lion demon monarch is hiding his strength deliberately. Meng Chuan could probe people’s strength with his perception domain. The lion demon monarch’s aura was much stronger than the elite demon monarchs’. Only the black-robed spider demoness could match him. However, the lion demon monarch only revealed an elite demon monarch’s strength. He wasn’t standing out among the six elite demon monarchs.

“You have to find an opportunity and attack!”

“Zhang Yunhu won’t be able to save Meng Chuan in time.” The lion demon monarch had only used 30 to 40 percent of his strength so far. If he were to unleash his full strength, Zhang Yunhu would probably be the first to resist.

Demon Monarch Lion was confident in dealing with Meng Chuan. However, he wasn’t confident in dealing with Zhang Yunhu&mdash;who had reached the Realm of Dao!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Zhang Yunhu’s blood-colored spears transformed into golden blurs. His body faintly glowed golden as he used all his strength to block the combined attacks of three elite demon monarchs.

This is the moment! Demon Monarch Lion unleashed all his strength and attacked.

Growl&mdash;

His deep growl sounded like the raging wind. The moment the roar left his throat, Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunhu, Mu Qing, and company felt their hearts palpitate in fear. Even Liu Qiyue and Fan Cheng&mdash;who were on the city wall&mdash;were horrified when they heard the roar.

They all looked at the source of the sound.

Demon Monarch Lion opened his mouth, and a black vortex appeared behind him! An invisible suction force acted on Meng Chuan’s body, causing him to fly towards the gaping mouth involuntarily.

A demonic divine power. Zhang Yunhu, Mu Qing, and the others were alarmed.

Divine powers originated from one’s body. Demons mainly cultivated their bodies and demonic powers. One obtained all sorts of mysterious powers when their bodies had been cultivated to certain extents. Their bodies could match divine armaments. Some demons with special bodies had unimaginable powers. These unimaginable powers were also called divine powers!

In fact, the body cultivation system Meng Chuan had acquired from Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven had divine powers as well! The cultivation system was purely for strengthening his body, which is why he would possess a divine power once he reached the Divine Power realm&mdash;the third realm of the body cultivation system. As his body cultivation progressed, he would gain more than one divine power.

The demons were inferior in comparison. Only the super outstanding third Firmament demon monarchs had divine powers.

Demon Monarch Lion had divine powers!

This demon’s divine power actually affects the void? Meng Chuan was alarmed. The void distorted, wrapping around his body as he was sucked towards the lion demon monarch.

Break! Instantly, his Quintessential Essence erupted. His Quintessential Essence surged through his meridians. After attaining the Diamond Body, his meridians could withstand such bursts of Quintessential Essence easily.

Tiger Roar Stance! Meng Chuan immediately slashed out.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

While being sucked in, he delivered a three-strike combo. It was his most violent attack&mdash;Tiger Roar Stance.

In the face of divine powers, raw strength was the simplest method to break free. With sufficient strength, one could escape the danger.

Oh? The terrifying saber beam caused the black vortex behind Demon Monarch Lion to tremble. When Meng Chuan delivered his third strike, the black vortex collapsed! The distorted void also returned to normal.

He cracked it? Demon Monarch Lion was alarmed.

He used a forbidden spell to crack Demon Monarch Lion’s divine power? The other demon monarchs were alarmed.

Great Solar Quintessential Essence was extremely destructive. Other Great Solar Godfiends were very careful when they circulated their Quintessential Essence. However, Meng Chuan’s burst of Quintessential Essence was terrifying; his aura had been much stronger at that instant. Such strength was only seen when one used forbidden spells. Unbeknownst to them, Meng Chuan’s meridians were extremely sturdy. His meridians could still handle such bursts of Great Solar Quintessential Essence.

If I can’t devour him, I’ll slay him. Demon Monarch Lion charged forward with a large axe.

Meng Chuan immediately used his saber art to parry the blow.

Boom!

The axe clashed with the saber beam, causing Meng Chuan to retreat three steps. Demon Monarch Lion’s axe cleaved out again and again as he attacked Meng Chuan relentlessly.

He’s strong, but he has poor agility. Meng Chuan defended while gathering information on his opponent.

“Sister Sijia, take three demon monarchs with you and do not hold back on Zhang Yunhu,” said Demon Monarch Lion via voice transmission. “As long as you hold back Zhang Yunhu, Meng Chuan will definitely die!”

When they saw hope of killing Meng Chuan, the demons went into a frenzy. To the demons, killing Meng Chuan with his perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body was ten times better than killing Zhang Yunhu!

This spider demoness is also going all out now. Zhang Yunhu’s expression changed. While he faced the three elite demon monarchs’ relentless assault, seven ordinary demon monarchs and the black-robed demoness attacked with all their might. The black-robed demoness’s Intrinsic Silk&mdash;which she had accumulated over the years&mdash;was unleashed.

Blood-colored spider webs shot towards Zhang Yunhu!

“Meng Chuan, how long can your forbidden spell last? I can crush your frail body with a slap.” As Demon Monarch Lion spoke, he continued to lead two elite demon monarchs to attack Meng Chuan. Ordinary demon monarchs followed behind closely.

Meng Chuan defended, continuing to learn more about his opponent. It’s capable of demonic divine powers. Its axe art is powerful. It has extremely powerful strength, but poor agility. Its body is also quite strong. Meng Chuan hadn’t used a forbidden spell; his body was completely fine.

I’m 70 percent confident in killing him using the Power of Essence Soul. I need to make sure I can kill him for certain!

With his perception domain, Meng Chuan was able to grasp the flow of the battle perfectly. He sought a chance to deliver the killing blow.

To the demon monarchs, victory was right at hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 - Demon Monarch Lions Death
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Meng Chuan and company suffered the barrage of attacks, a large number of demons and second Firmament demon monarchs exited the World Entrance.

Countless demons ran on top of the ice and climbed the city wall.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

One second Firmament demon monarch after another leaped 300 to 400 feet high, then stepped on the ordinary demons. Using the mortal demons as platforms, they climbed up the city wall.

“Block them!” Fan Cheng roared angrily. Over 20 Godfiends worked together to block the demon monarchs and demons.

Ah Chuan. Liu Qiyue was very worried. She could tell that Meng Chuan and company were in a dire situation, but she couldn’t help them! Among the third Firmament demon monarchs, five were skilled with domains. The black-robed spider demoness’s silk was especially tough to pierce! These domains weakened Liu Qiyue’s arrows greatly. Liu Qiyue could only provide limited help to Meng Chuan and company from the city wall.

She could better contribute by killing second Firmament demon monarchs.

Liu Qiyue strung three arrows on her bow and pulled it fully-taut. Phoenix flames engulfed the bow and arrows in her hands. She stared at the three demon monarchs&mdash;that were the fastest&mdash;coldly.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three beams of light&mdash;that resembled meteors&mdash;streaked across the sky. The three second Firmament demon monarchs failed to dodge Liu Qiyue’s arrows. Two died immediately, and the other was heavily injured.

Liu Qiyue continued shooting!

Since they knew Liu Qiyue was here, none of the second Firmament demon monarchs were capable of flight. The demons knew that Liu Qiyue was much stronger than North River Pass’s previous sharpshooter, Wu Zixiu. Even if a handful of second Firmament demon monarchs flew in different directions, it was impossible to exit Liu Qiyue’s range.

Boom!

Fan Cheng slammed his shield into the ground, creating a massive shockwave. The shockwave enveloped the entire inner city wall. The shockwave killed three demon monarchs that had just climbed up the city wall. The remaining demon monarchs fled in another direction in fear.

With Fan Cheng watching over an area, nobody could come close.

In the other regions, other Godfiends split into groups and fended off the demons.

However, there weren’t enough Godfiends! There were too many demons. The Godfiends’ mission was to block the demon monarchs! The mortal demons jumped down the inner city walls and entered the buffer area between the inner city and outer city.

“Attack!”

On the outer city wall, countless soldiers began to attack upon receiving orders. Large crossbow bolts shot out one after another, pinning the demons to the ground. Even so, several demons continued their relentless charge.

Several demons flew into the sky. They dodged the bows and survived the Godfiends’ attacks. They flew to the distant horizon and entered the human world completely. Every time the demons attacked, it was very difficult for humans to stop the flying demons completely. After all, they were only mortal demons. Godfiends couldn’t direct their full attention to them. Often, a lot of demons would fly away.

...

The attack on the city began to turn brutal. The soldiers, Liu Qiyue, and the other Godfiends, all tried their best to block the demons. At the World Entrance, Meng Chuan and company faced the greatest pressure.

“We have to hold on,” shouted Zhang Yunhu via voice transmission. His expression was somewhat nasty. “If we can’t fend them off, the third Firmament demon monarchs will climb the city wall. Junior Brother Fan, Junior Sister Liu, and company won’t hold out for long. North River Pass will be destroyed. Hundreds of thousands of people will be slaughtered, and these demon monarchs will infiltrate the human world.

“Junior Brother Meng, you are under the greatest pressure. Cast your forbidden spell for half a minute more. Next, I’ll cast a forbidden spell and help you! If you can’t hold out any longer, tell me!”

“Alright,” replied Meng Chuan.

He could tell that Zhang Yunhu was beginning to have a hard time defending against the combined assault of the black-robed spider demoness, three elite demon monarchs, and several ordinary demon monarchs.

Zhang Yunhu had to use a forbidden spell if he wanted to unleash greater strength! Zhang Yunhu was much older than Meng Chuan and company. The older one was, the faster their Godfiend Body would decline. If he used a forbidden spell, it would be even harder for Zhang Yunhu to recover.

Boom!

Demon Monarch Lion attacked Meng Chuan with two elite demon monarchs again. Suddenly, without warning, a red wind blew out from Demon Monarch Lion’s mouth.

The red wind blew at Meng Chuan.

His Quintessential Essence and Diamond Body was unable to defend against the mysterious red wind. The red wind penetrated his body and invaded his sea of consciousness directly. However, his Essence Soul blocked the red wind completely.

Die. After Demon Monarch Lion blew out the red wind, he cleaved down with his axe.

He was very skilled. In the Demon Realm, some powerful demon monarchs had been slain by this move. They might be able to resist the Soul Bewitching Fog, but they would still be affected. In close combat, just a moment of inattention was enough for him to slay his opponent.

It’s now! However, because Meng Chuan had an Essence Soul&mdash;one in the Kinesis stage&mdash;Demon Monarch Lion’s trick couldn’t affect him in the slightest. His Essence Soul was stronger than many Marquis Godfiends’, which was why he remained unaffected.

However, to bait the lion demon monarch, he pretended to be affected by the Soul Bewitching Fog.

Demon Monarch Lion swung his mighty axe down on Meng Chuan as he closed in.

Boom!

Black baneful aura suddenly erupted from Meng Chuan’s body. The incomparably cold baneful aura spread out for hundreds of feet. Demon Monarch Lion’s body was extremely powerful. Although he felt the chill after being attacked by the black baneful aura, he could withstand it. This baneful aura had negligible effects on him.

“You have awakened? Unfortunately, it’s too late!” Demon Monarch Lion swung his axe without slowing down at all.

“What!?” Demon Monarch Lion’s expression suddenly changed. When it seemed like he had struck Meng Chuan’s body, it completely vanished. He had only struck an afterimage!

Meng Chuan appeared ten feet to Demon Monarch Lion’s left. His aura rose far above his norm!

Swish!

A saber beam instantly appeared in front of Demon Monarch Lion.

Why is it so fast! Demon Monarch Lion was so frightened that his soul nearly escaped his body. He instinctively cast a forbidden spell, using both his arms to block the saber beam, but he knew it would be too slow because they were too close to each other! Meng Chuan’s strike was unbelievably fast. Before the ear-piercing screech from the saber reached Demon Monarch Lion’s ear, the blade tip stabbed into his glabella. The arms that were trying to block were still a foot away. In a life-and-death battle, the difference of a foot was just too great.

No! Demon Monarch Lion knew that it had no other choice. He could only leave his life to his head. His body was very strong, and his skull was even harder. He could easily crash into a hill with his head.

Meng Chuan’s strike was unbelievably fast. Before the saber beam’s ear-piercing screech reached Demon Monarch Lion’s ear, the beam pierced through his glabella.

Pfft.

Demon Monarch Lion felt the beam penetrate his head. He felt a chill on the back of his skull.

His heart turned cold. He understood that he had died at the hands of the human Godfiend named Meng Chuan.

...

Meng Chuan had fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence. After attaining the Diamond Body, more Power of Essence Soul was used each time he attacked. He could deliver five maximum-power attacks at most.

When Meng Chuan’s Power of Essence Soul fused with his body and Quintessential Essence, his strength would increase by three-fold. He was comparable to a true Marquis Godfiend.

However, he knew that a powerful demon monarch like Demon Monarch Lion could exchange several blows with Marquis Godfiends. Therefore, he took the best opportunity to strike the enemy&mdash;when he was closest to the enemy. His saber art was known for its speed! His close-proximity strike caught his enemy off-guard. It was too late for the enemy to dodge.

Not only that, but he also used a forbidden spell! This strike had to succeed! Therefore, he used the Dragon Roar Stance&mdash;the attack with the highest penetrating power.

Pfft.

Demon Monarch Lion didn’t even hear the dragon roar. The saber beam pierced his glabella and exited his head from behind.

It was a fatal strike!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156 - Grandaunts Advice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After killing Demon Monarch Lion, Meng Chuan felt relieved. Although he had made ample preparations, he was still afraid of accidents.

Oh? Meng Chuan looked at Demon Slayer in surprise.

Blood—from the hole in Demon Monarch Lion’s head—surged towards Demon Slayer as it devoured Demon Monarch Lion whole.

Is Demon Slayer absorbing Demon Monarch Lion’s flesh and blood? Meng Chuan was surprised. He knew that Demon Slayer could absorb sin, hatred, flesh, and blood. However, he had never seen Demon Slayer absorbing the aforementioned ever since he had obtained it. This was the first time! Demon Slayer was a Heaven-level divine armament after all. It was comparable to divine armaments used by Regis Godfiends. It wasn’t surprising that it thought nothing of normal demon monarchs’ flesh, blood, sin, and hatred.

He had killed several third Firmament demon monarchs, but it had never absorbed them. Meng Chuan realized that Demon Slayer probably didn’t think much of third Firmament demon monarchs. But to his surprise, it had absorbed Demon Monarch Lion.

“Kill!” The other two elite demon monarchs—that had surrounded Meng Chuan—saw Meng Chuan falter for a moment after being hit by the Soul Bewitching Fog. They were confident that Meng Chuan would certainly die.

When Meng Chuan released black baneful aura right on the heels of that, the two elite demon monarchs thought that he was putting up a futile struggle.

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s baneful aura only affects ordinary demon monarchs. It’s no threat to Demon Monarch Lion at all. The two elite demon monarchs followed Demon Monarch Lion closely as they charged into the black baneful aura to help.

However, after charging in, the black baneful aura shocked them.

It was cold! Their strength dropped by 10 to 20 percent. The two elite demon monarchs quickly realized that Demon Monarch Lion stood motionless inside the baneful aura. Blood was flowing out from his head and entering meng Chuan’s saber, making it look even more demonic.

What happened? They were both stunned. They thought that they would see Demon Monarch Lion kill Meng Chuan the moment they entered the baneful aura! However, they never expected to see Demon Monarch Lion’s lifeblood being absorbed by a saber.

Oh? Meng Chuan looked at the two elite demon monarchs that had rushed in. Eighty percent of Demon Monarch Lion’s lifeblood had been absorbed by Demon Slayer the moment he killed him. Demon Slayer’s absorption speed was extremely fast.

Just in time. Meng Chuan moved.

He was still using a forbidden spell. Using a forbidden spell for a short period didn’t have much impact on him. Meng Chuan’s lifeforce was extremely strong; a forbidden spell caused limited damage to his body. He could easily recover from the forbidden spell’s side effects.

He continued to use the Power of Essence Soul. However, he only fused it with his Quintessential Essence. He could deliver over 40 moves of such strength! Although he weakened by 30 to 40 percent, he was still as strong as a Marquis Godfiend—the weakest Marquis Godfiend. However, it was still the strength of a Marquis Godfiend.

Boom!

The black baneful aura spread out.

Meng Chuan was much faster than normal. He instantly split into two figures—that arrived beside the two elite demon monarchs.

“Retreat!” When the two elite demon monarchs saw the dead Demon Monarch Lion, they only had thoughts of retreating. However, Meng Chuan was too fast—much faster than before.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Two saber beams struck them.

With the strength of a Marquis Godfiend, his saber beams were inconceivably fast. Although the two elite demon monarchs tried to defend, they failed. Hopelessly, they watched the saber beams land on them, taking their lives.

Whoosh!

Demon Monarch Lion’s blood continued surging into Demon Slayer. Finally, Demon Monarch Lion’s corpse was drained of all blood. It completely disintegrated. Even the tough bones were reduced to dust. Clearly, it had been sucked to nothingness. Meng Chuan was secretly alarmed by Demon Slayer’s evilness. Demon Slayer would rapidly grow if this kept up.

His Essence Soul had to reach the third stage if he wanted to ensure that Demon Slayer didn’t control him.

...

The black-robed demoness was extremely alarmed by Demon Monarch Lion’s death. Although the black baneful aura prevented her from sensing or seeing anything inside, she possessed a command talisman that could sense the statuses of all the demon monarchs under her command. Currently, only three demon monarchs present held a command talisman. The black-robed demoness, the ox demon monarch, and Demon Monarch Lion, each possessed a command talisman.

The other demon monarchs were still frantically attacking the Godfiends with extreme confidence.

“This...” The black-robed demoness panicked.

Demon Monarch Lion had attempted to kill Meng Chuan and was enveloped by a black baneful aura. With the command talisman, she sensed Demon Monarch Lion’s instant death.

Before she could stop them, the two elite demon monarchs rushed in and died.

What laid inside that black baneful aura? Entry meant death?

Losing Demon Monarch Lion and two elite demon monarchs consecutively was a terrible loss for the demon monarchs.

The black-robed demoness and the ox demon monarch exchanged looks and saw the horror in each other’s eyes.

“Retreat!” The black-robed demoness ordered frantically. “Retreat. Immediately retreat!”

“Retreat?”

Many demon monarchs believed that victory was at hand. They were stunned when they heard the orders to retreat. They clearly had the upper hand! With Demon Monarch Lion joining them, they would definitely score a huge victory.

Even if the human Godfiends relied on forbidden spells, they would collapse over time.

Victory is certain. Why are we retreating?

“Leader?” asked some demon monarchs via voice transmissions.

Whoosh.

The black baneful aura suddenly swept to the side and enveloped three elite demon monarchs and five ordinary demon monarchs that were attacking Zhang Yunhu.

“Retreat! Retreat! Quick, retreat!” The black-robed demoness shrilly commanded her underlings. “The second-in-command is dead. Retreat!”

Within the black baneful aura, Zhang Yunhu was blocking the attacks of two elite demon monarchs. The third elite demon monarch flanked him. At that moment, a saber beam struck out from the black baneful aura.

It was too sudden. The three elite demon monarchs had sensed the saber beam with their demonic powers, but it was just too fast! Furthermore, it was a sneak attack!

Pfft. Pfft. Pfft.

The two elite demon monarchs fighting Zhang Yunhu were killed.

The third elite demon monarch didn’t have time to flee before Meng Chuan caught up. Meng Chuan no longer maintained his forbidden spell, but he maintained the fusion of his Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence. He took two strikes to kill the third elite demon monarch.

This left Zhang Yunhu alarmed. He could vaguely see the person holding the saber. It was his Junior Brother Meng. Such strength! Junior Brother Meng is close to a Marquis Godfiend?

This wasn’t strange. Among Great Solar Godfiends, there were indeed some that could match Marquis Godfiends when they went all out. For example, a transcendent-grade Godfiend that had reached the Realm of Dao usually had strength similar to a Marquis Godfiend. Once they used a forbidden spell, they could match Marquis Godfiends. However, they only had strength similar to the weakest Marquis Godfiends.

Therefore, it was very impressive for a Great Solar Godfiend to withstand dozens of blows from a Marquis Godfiend and escape. It was impossible for them to Great Solar Godfiends to kill someone at a higher cultivation realm! After all, Marquis Godfiends were already very powerful even without using forbidden spells.

Junior Brother Meng just left the mountain for a year, and he has strength close to that of a Marquis Godfiend? He’s stronger than me? Zhang Yunhu found it unbelievable. However, he immediately attacked and killed two ordinary demon monarchs. Meng Chuan killed the remaining three ordinary demon monarchs.

...

“The second-in-command is dead. Retreat, retreat!” The black-dressed demoness ordered them to retreat frantically. She did not delay any further as she led the ox demon monarch and the others to retreat.

The other demon monarchs were stunned when they heard the voice transmission, but they immediately fled in panic.

Why did we suddenly lose? How did Demon Monarch Lion die?

There were only ten elite demon monarchs in their ranks! The black-robed demoness and Demon Monarch Lion were the strongest.

Now, six were dead. Although there were over 40 third Firmament demon monarchs, most were ordinary demon monarchs. There were only four elite demon monarchs left. Demon Monarch Ox was the only one skilled at close combat. How were they to continue fighting?

“Kill!” Zhang Yunhu, Meng Chuan, and Mu Qing frantically chased after them. They no longer stayed conservative! Instead, they attacked the fleeing demon monarchs madly!

Escape! Escape! Escape!

Fortunately for the demon monarchs, the World Entrance was very close. The black-robed demoness and the other demon monarchs charged into the World Entrance. After 35 demon monarchs entered the World Entrance, the remaining demon monarchs were unable to enter. The World Entrance’s distorted passageway only allowed for 35 third Firmament demon monarchs to pass through at any given moment.

“No.” The demon monarchs—that were stuck outside—despaired. They were killed by Zhang Yunhu, Mu Qing, Shi Xiu, and Meng Chuan.

Over 100 second Firmament demon monarchs were in greater despair. They couldn’t escape. They had been abandoned.

...

Only when the black-robed demoness and the other demon monarchs exit the World Entrance tunnel did they calm down.

What’s up with that Meng Chuan? As the black-robed demoness entered the Demon Realm, she looked back at the human world. She stared at the dark-cyan-robed youth.

After being enveloped by Meng Chuan’s baneful aura, Demon Monarch Lion and five other elite demon monarchs were killed. Demon Monarch Lion is like me, a descendant of a demon sage. His bloodline is extraordinary. He alone can match three to four elite demon monarchs. How could he be killed instantly? Did a Regis Godfiend or Creation realm expert give him a life-saving treasure? Is it some world wonder, or is it his own strength?

The black-robed demoness’s mind was in a mess.

Demon Monarch Lion and the others were all dead. They didn’t know what Meng Chuan had done. Meng Chuan had used the baneful aura when fighting the demon monarchs. The baneful aura had limited effect on the demon monarchs, but he mainly used it to hide his actions.

His grandaunt had given him three pieces of advice before her death. One of them was: Always hide your killer moves! Even when killing enemies, try to keep them a secret. Don’t expose your secrets to others!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157 - The Strongest at North River Pass
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, and company were worried. After all, Demon Monarch Lion’s explosive strength was astonishing. Many elite demon monarchs were attacking when a black baneful aura suddenly enveloped Meng Chuan’s battlefield. Demon Monarch Lion and five elite demon monarchs died instantly! The demons retreated in horror.

Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, and the other Godfiends were stunned by this scene.

We won? Fan Cheng’s eyes widened. The lion demon monarch that used a demonic divine power, as well as the elite demon monarchs that attacked Senior Brother Zhang, are all dead?

Zhang Yunhu had been struggling with great difficulty. But Meng Chuan managed a killing spree?

Junior Brother Meng’s strength is even higher than Senior Brother Zhang’s? Fan Cheng was excited but also astounded.

Ah Chuan. Liu Qiyue’s eyes were filled with tears as she smiled. She had been anxious about not being able to help him. She had to hold her emotions in check as she stopped the second Firmament demon monarchs in their tracks. Now that the dark clouds had cleared, the situation had completely reversed in their favor.

“Beautiful!”

“Well done!” The Godfiends on the city wall cheered.

However, their expressions changed immediately when the second Firmament demon monarchs went crazy. They did everything they could to pass the Godfiends’ blockade.

Previously, these demon monarchs wanted to return to the Demon Realm, but after 35 third Firmament demon monarchs entered the World Entrance together, it was impossible for them to return. The only way they could survive was if they charged out of North River Pass! Therefore, they were more desperate than ever!

Swoosh.

A bolt of lightning flashed and arrived on the city wall.

The present demon monarchs witnessed Meng Chuan’s speed themselves. He had just been where the World Entrance was, but in the blink of an eye, he had reached the top of the city wall in a single leap.

The city wall would usually take a Great Solar Godfiend (third Firmament demon monarch) a few seconds to climb. Second Firmament demon monarchs would take longer.

But Meng Chuan had ascended the city wall in the blink of an eye!

Boom!

As soon as he landed on the city wall, lightning began shooting out from Meng Chuan’s body. Fifty-one bolts of lightning struck 51 demon monarchs on the city walls. Fifty-one demon monarchs were heavily injured, and two weaker demon monarchs were killed! The other demon monarchs suffered varying degrees of injuries, but they were all temporarily paralyzed.

The Godfiends naturally grasped the opportunity to attack. All sorts of attacks struck the demon monarchs, instantly killing over 20 demon monarchs.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan transformed into a bolt of lightning and circled the city wall. As he did so, he struck out with his saber. He killed over ten demon monarchs. Many second Firmament demon monarchs couldn’t even reach the top of the city wall. They felt even more despair.

On the city wall was Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, and several other Godfiends.

Near the World Entrance, there was Yang Xingwu—who was skilled at domains—and Mirage Fiend Yu Chiyan, Zhang Yunhu, and company.

They faced death, no matter if they headed up or down! If they hid where they stood, they would be killed.

We’re doomed. Only 80 second Firmament demon monarchs remained. They were in complete despair.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

As Yang Xingwu drew closer, her Cyan Thread Domain expanded. It trapped several second Firmament demon monarchs, making it difficult for them to move.

“Hahaha...” Shi Xiu roared with laughter as blood-red beams shot out from his body. They flew in all directions and drilled into demon monarchs’ bodies. The demon monarchs’ blood was drawn, turning them to pure skin and bones.

Yu Chiyan cast illusions. Many of the second Firmament demon monarchs were controlled into attacking their companions.

“Senior Brother Meng, leave this to us. Hurry up and help the soldiers at the outer city wall.” Fan Cheng left the sharpshooters and ran across the city walls, wantonly slaughtering the demon monarchs.

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded. With a flash, he landed on the outer city wall.

Only Meng Chuan could reach the outer city wall so quickly.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

As soon as Meng Chuan landed, Quintessential Essence threads flew out from his body. They rapidly passed through the mortal demons on the city wall. The demons were completely free once they escaped the city pass. They attempted to breach a few spots and were scattered across the defensive line. In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan patrolled the city wall, wiping out all the demons that had climbed up the city wall.

If the Godfiends had taken any longer, the demons would’ve been spread throughout three kilometers. It would’ve required monumental effort from the soldiers to defend against the demons then.

In fact, slightly over 100 mortal demons had reached the city wall. In the blink of an eye, they were all killed by Meng Chuan. The soldiers at the city walls—who were frantically defending—were shocked to discover that all the demons had collapsed.

Boom!

Meng Chuan looked down the city wall, and wisps of Quintessential Essence flew out, piercing through the demons that were climbing the city wall. He swept through the 1.5-kilometer defensive line the demons were attacking. All demons were killed.

“Senior Brother Meng, leave the rest to us.”

“Leave these demons to us.” On the city walls, the Godfiends shouted. They took the initiative to jump down, jumping into the battlefield between the inner and outer city. Godfiends slaughtered mortal demons easily.

Mortal demons were actually very weak. They just held the numerical advantage and were scattered everywhere!

Typically, a group of Godfiends was needed to kill all of them. Of course, Meng Chuan’s speed was considered insane among Regis Godfiends. If he relied on his baneful aura domain, just circling the area ten times would freeze all the demons to death.

However, Meng Chuan had used the baneful aura domain to freeze the demons to death whenever he was required to reinforce a nearby city. It was already his trademark. Therefore, Meng Chuan tried his best not to use this move in North River Pass.

Even when he used it, he restricted it to a small area. If he were to produce 10,000 to 20,000 demon sculptures at North River Pass, it would be very easy to guess his Patroller identity.

...

Meng Chuan transformed into lightning and came to Liu Qiyue’s side.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue was delighted. “We won.”

Meng Chuan smiled and nodded.

“A great victory.” Fan Cheng walked over with his huge shield on his back and hammer in hand. He shouted in excitement, “What a great victory. Wonderful! Wonderful!”

“Haha.” Zhang Yunhu’s wrinkled face was beaming. “I’ve experienced such great victories several times, but I’ve never killed six elite demon monarchs, with one having divine powers. It’s all thanks to Junior Brother Meng. Junior Brother Meng, you have only left the mountain for a year, but your strength has already reached such a level. Impressive.”

“I used a forbidden spell. I only managed to kill Demon Monarch Lion by plotting against it,” said Meng Chuan humbly.

“Killing a Divine Power Demon Monarch in an instant can’t just be from scheming.” Mu Qing—who was carrying two swords on her back—had a strange look in her eyes. She looked at Meng Chuan. “Even if I were to scheme against it, I wouldn’t be Demon Monarch Lion’s match, much less kill it.”

“Killing Demon Monarch Lion was thanks to a scheme, but I saw you killing the other elite demon monarchs with my own eyes,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile. “You are now the strongest at North River Pass. You are much stronger than me. To see a young Godfiend from Archean Mountain grow stronger and stronger is truly a joyous occasion.”

By the side, Shi Xiu’s face flushed red as he smiled. “In a decade, Junior Brother Meng might become a Marquis Godfiend. When the time comes, we will have to address him as Uncle-Master Meng.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158 - Credit is Always Welcomed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Uncle-Master Meng?” Yu Chiyan smiled as she looked at Meng Chuan. “I’m afraid Uncle-Master Meng wouldn’t even bother with us in the future when we want to meet him.”

“Senior Brothers and Senior Sisters, stop pulling my leg,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

After spending a year together, they had become friends with each other. They were very close to each other, so it was very normal for them to joke around.

“Alright, alright. It’s time to rest. Shi Xiu, Xingwu, help me sort out the demon monarch corpses,” instructed Zhang Yunhu.

Shi Xiu and Yang Xingwu both nodded. The three of them jumped down. Yang Xingwu’s domain was good at clearing demon monarch corpses. Shi Xiu’s Sanguine Divine Body was very sensitive to blood, and Zhang Yunhu was supervising them. After all, if these demon monarchs died, they might carry some treasures with them. These needed to be handed to Archean Mountain. Archean Mountain would estimate the credit they earned and then distribute it.

Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Fan Cheng, Yu Chiyu, and Mu Qing returned to their residences with smiles on their faces. There were very few casualties this time because not many demons had managed to climb up the outer city wall. Only a few dozen deaths were incurred. Such losses on the battlefield were really small.

...

Yang Xingwu and Shi Xiu were clearing the corpses while Zhang Yunhu recorded their actions.

“What move did Junior Brother Meng use? How did he kill Demon Monarch Lion? Shi Xiu checked out the area where Demon Monarch Lion died and picked up the inner armor he wore. There was some dust on the inner armor. “There’s only weapons and armor left. Demon Monarch Lion’s body has completely vanished. There’s not even a speck left.”

“He can turn you into dust if he can turn Demon Monarch Lion to dust.” Yang Xingwu’s lips curled. “Clear the area quickly, and stop thinking about it.”

“He’s indeed impressive.” Shi Xiu shook his head and sighed in amazement. “That’s why he’s a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body genius that appears once every few centuries. We’re only ordinary Archean Mountain Godfiends. However, why is the difference between Godfiends so great? He’s more powerful than Old Zhang despite leaving the mountain for only a year. When can I catch up to Old Zhang?”

“You can compete with me when you reach the Realm of Dao,” said Zhang Yunhu.

“I’ve cultivated for so many years, but I’ve only attained Greater Mastery in the Realm of Soul. I’m still far from the peak. As for the Realm of Dao? I’m afraid that I won’t be able to reach it for the rest of my life.” Shi Xiu shook his head and sighed. He continued to clear the area. “Besides, cultivating the Sanguine Divine Body is quite painful. If I don’t break through, I’ll suffer less.”

Zhang Yunhu smiled. He knew that although Shi Xiu didn’t seem to care and often spent time in promiscuous places—where he indulged in alcohol and sex—he would cultivate arduously every once in a while. Cultivating the Sanguine Divine Body was hell. However, due to such torturous cultivation, Shi Xiu had the best willpower at North River Pass.

...

Back in their manor, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue sat together, drinking tea and eating snacks.

“Ah Chuan, it looked really dangerous this time,” said Liu Qiyue worriedly. “I heard that Divine Power Demon Monarchs typically have very special bloodlines. They have great backgrounds in the Demon Realm.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “I read some books on the mountain. Demon sages’ children have extraordinary bloodlines. Most of them have divine powers when they are in the third Firmament. Demon Monarch Lion might be a demon sage’s son.”

“Will there be trouble then?” Liu Qiyue was worried. “Will that demon sage think of a way to avenge Demon Monarch Lion?”

“Haha, what’s there to be afraid of?” Meng Chuan laughed. “We are mortal enemies with demons. It’s extremely difficult for demons to enter the human world. The biggest World Entrance only allows entry to a fifth Firmament greater demon monarch. Even if a demon sage wishes to enter the human world, they won’t be able to do so.”

Demon sages were equivalent to human Creation Supremacies.

According to Meng Chuan, demon sages enjoyed extremely high status among the demons. As for how many there were? He still wasn’t privy to such information.

“There are a total of three super-large city passes in the human world. Luotang Pass is one of them. Furthermore, a Creation Supremacy is presiding over it. Fifth Firmament demon monarchs can’t enter the human world,” Meng Chuan consoled Liu Qiyue. “At least in the human world, we humans have the absolute advantage.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded slightly. “Anyway, be careful.”

Meng Chuan felt Qiyue’s concern for him. “I’m faster than Marquis Godfiends even if I bring you with me,” said Meng Chuan. “What’s there to be afraid of? At most, we’ll flee!”

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but laugh.

...

Archean Mountain specially sent people to deliver the demon monarchs’ corpses and their items to Archean Mountain.

Soon, the distribution of the credit for this battle was announced at North River Pass.

Meng Chuan earned a total of 833,000 credits! It was even higher than the previous battle because he had played a crucial role this time. He turned the table on the demons, reducing the casualty count, so he naturally gained lots of credit.

Killing Demon Monarch Lion only gave him 100,000 credits. Clearly, to the entire human race, a Divine Power Demon Monarch didn’t mean much. The five elite demon monarchs counted for 200,000 credits.

Demon Monarch Lion’s weapons and armor were considered his spoils of war. They amounted to 120,000 credits. The five elite demon monarchs’ weapons and armor were worth 50,000 credits. This made Meng Chuan believe that Demon Monarch Lion had a powerful background. Otherwise, the armor wouldn’t be worth so much. After humans obtained demon monarchs’ equipment, they would throw them into furnaces directly, and use the raw materials. The weapons and armor were useless to humans.

Firstly, the weapons and armors were only suitable for demons. Secondly, the armor and weapons were suitable for Demon Monarch Lion’s height. Human Godfiends were much smaller in build.

They could only smelt it for materials. Yet, this amounted to 120,000 credits. It was enough to leave Meng Chuan speechless.

After adding up all the credit, he received 833,000 credits—a shocking number. Including what he had earned from reinforcing three cities, and the battle at the beginning of the year, he had earned 2.18 million credits in a year!

His ability to earn credit was close to that of a Marquis Godfiend.

My body and baneful aura cultivation require a lot of credit. Cultivation in the Divine Power realm required massive amounts of energy. Once he mastered the Divine Power realm, his physical body would have the strength of a half-step Marquis Godfiend! He might even acquire divine powers. However, the energy provided by the Thousand Star Pills would be too little. He would require the Scarlet Blood Divine Pills. The Scarlet Divine Pills were used by Marquis Godfiends to restore their Quintessential Essence during fights! Typically, only Regis Godfiends would use Scarlet Blood Divine Pills for cultivation.

Each Scarlet Blood Divine Pill costs 10,000 credits. It could recover all the Quintessential Essence of a Marquis Godfiend in half a minute. Cultivating in the Divine Power realm would require one pill a day. An Undying expert could also use the Scarlet Blood Divine Pool for cultivation. They would probably require ten such pills a day.

Of course, he could slowly cultivate his body by absorbing the Heaven and Earth powers. However, it would take a long time.

The more I strengthen my baneful aura, the rarer the required baneful aura I need for cultivation. It’s not easy for Archean Mountain to obtain those. Meng Chuan understood this point. He had spent 380,000 credits for the Darknether baneful aura. He required the Quiescence Frost Baneful aura next. Typically, only Marquis Godfiends with Lightning Devastator Fiend Bodies were able to absorb it. However, Meng Chuan’s body was strong, so perhaps he could absorb it before reaching the Darkstar realm.

However, Archean Mountain had a limited amount of Quiescence Frost baneful aura. Meng Chuan needed 30 percent of Archean Mountain’s stockpile to be finished with it. That would cost him 8,000,000 credits.

After he fused the Quiescence Frost baneful aura with his baneful aura, his baneful aura would suppress Marquis Godfiends and decrease their strength significantly. He could freeze third Firmament demon monarchs to death easily once he had fused the two together.

I can first exchange for a calabash of Quiescence Frost baneful aura and give it a try. I might not be able to absorb it with my current body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159 - Marriage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 159: Marriage

After December, it was the new year.

Godfiends visited each other as a new year tradition. It was a joyous occasion. In fact, many Godfiends didn’t care about the new year festivities, but the Godfiends stationed at city passes were different. They might die in battle at any time, so they paid special attention to New Year’s Eve. After 800 years, Godfiends at city passes had made it a tradition to visit each other and celebrate the new year together.

“It’s really lively during the new year.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue walked along North River Pass’s streets. Many hawkers had set up stalls along the streets, and many people were performing acrobatics. People wore their best clothes as they celebrated.

“North River Pass’s population is slightly lower than Eastcalm Prefecture, but the atmosphere during the new year is more vibrant,” praised Meng Chuan with a smile.

The two walked alongside each other.

“Ah Chuan, we’ve been here for more than a year. When do you plan on getting married?” asked Liu Qiyue softly, her face slightly red.

Meng Chuan was stunned. How could Qiyue take the initiative to ask such matters? Even Meng Chuan felt that he was silly for forgetting!

“Qiyue, didn’t we agree on this?” Meng Chuan immediately held Liu Qiyue’s hand and coaxed her. “After we gain a foothold in North River Pass, we can get married. We have fought two times in North River Pass, and we achieved great victories both times. Especially in the last battle, I killed a few demon monarchs like Demon Monarch Lion. Now, who doesn’t have faith in me? Since we have a stable footing, we can get married immediately.”

“Get married immediately?” Liu Qiyue’s face turned scarlet. She immediately said, “I’m not that anxious.”

“I am. How can I not be anxious?” Meng Chuan shook his head. “We have to write a letter to Dad and the rest immediately. We’ll let Dad and the rest set a specific date. After all, we have to discuss such important matters with Dad and the others.”

Liu Qiyue smiled and nodded. “Alright, let’s discuss it with Dad and the rest.” She was feeling sweet right now.

Finally...

She was finally getting married to Ah Chuan!

...

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue sent a letter to Eastcalm Prefecture. Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai were overjoyed when they received the letter. They had been waiting for this day for a long time. However, it was not appropriate for them to rush the couple since they were defending North River Pass from demons.

Soon, the date was set. It was to happen on 26th January, a particularly joyous day for marriage based on the almanac.

...

26th January.

Meng Chuan was alone on the bed.

“Today is the day of my wedding.” Meng Chuan smiled when he saw no one beside him. This was because Liu Qiyue had moved to another manor last night, where Liu Yebai stayed temporarily.

Meng Chuan had requested a North River Pass Godfiend to bring his family from Eastcalm Prefecture on a giant bird. He and Liu Qiyue were extremely important to North River Pass, so they couldn’t leave as they pleased. It wasn’t a big deal for ordinary Godfiends to leave temporarily. North River Pass was 6,500 kilometers away from Eastcalm Prefecture. It was too far. Many guests couldn’t come by themselves. They had to be escorted via flying mounts.

The North River Pass’s flying mount was a third Firmament demon monarch. After being controlled by Archean Mountain completely, it was very loyal! It was large, and it had a wingspan of over 100 feet. It had a very wide back, allowing Meng Dajian, Liu Yebai, several Meng family members, Liu Yebai’s good friend, and Ge Yu—Mirror Lake Dao Academy’s dean—to ride upon it.

“Chuan’er, hurry up. There’s still a lot of things to do today.” The fat Meng Dajiang was very anxious. He dragged Meng Chuan to a group of women.

Meng Chuan smiled and obediently put on his groom’s gown. The women put some makeup on him, to which he said, “Don’t make it too thick.”

“Don’t worry, Lord Meng. Don’t worry.”

“Lord Meng, your skin is very good. You’re very handsome.”

The women were extremely excited. This was the first time they were involved in a marriage between two Godfiends.

The groom wore a white silk robe, but the outer robe was much more complicated. There were many tassels and accessories. Godfiends usually wore simple robes. If not, a robe with dozens of tassels and accessories would take them too long to wear during wartime. Now, Meng Chuan wasn’t in a rush. He allowed the women to dress him. He even wore red boots.

Even his hair was combed backward neatly. There wasn’t a single strand of messy hair at his forehead, and he wore a golden crown. This was the first time Meng Chuan had worn a crown since he was young.

After spending more than an hour, the women finally stopped in satisfaction.

Meng Chuan walked out of the house. There were quite a number of people in the yard outside. Zhang Yunhu, Fan Cheng, the other Godfiends, the Meng family clansmen, Dean Ge Yu, and company waited outside.

“Color me surprised.” Fan Cheng was eating some snacks when he saw Meng Chuan walk out. His eyes widened immediately. “What a handsome young master.”

Meng Chuan gave him a warning look.

“Quite the red face, I must say. You are definitely covered in quite a bit of rouge.” Shi Xiu couldn’t help but laugh. He was amused.

“Good, good. It’s pretty good,” echoed Zhang Yunhu.

“I watched Meng Chuan, and Liu Qiyue grow up. Liu Qiyue often visited Mirror Lake Dao Academy to look for Meng Chuan,” said Ge Yu, the Meng family clansmen beside him. “I also watched them head to Archean Mountain together. Now that they are getting married, I’m very happy that I can attend their wedding. I’m glad my disciple still thinks of me as his master.”

“It’s not noon yet, and you’re already half drunk. Don’t drink too much. You can drink as much as you want tonight,” said a Meng family elder.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. I’m not drunk at all. I’m still sober.” Ge Yu’s face was flushed red. He was a drunkard and loved alcohol. His joy today just made him drink more.

...

Meng Chuan chatted with everyone for a while.

“It’s time,” shouted Meng Dajiang immediately. “Chuan’er, hurry up. It’s time to receive the bride.”

“Receive the bride?” Meng Chuan immediately stood up.

“Lord Meng, come, come. Wear the red flower.” Three women ran over and tied a red flower to Meng Chuan’s chest. It added to the joyous vibes.

Meng Chuan obediently followed.

After a while, the wedding entourage set off. Meng Chuan rode a tall horse, and the entourage played music along the way. The sound of firecrackers filled the air, and many people on the streets were watching.

“Two Godfiends are getting married?”

“Is that Lord Meng who killed several demon monarchs?”

The people at North River Pass watched from afar as the groom rode on his horse.

To begin with, Meng Chuan was not bad-looking. He had condensed an Essence Soul and cultivated his body. Be it his looks or bearing, he was extraordinary. Many women couldn’t help but blush when they saw him. They thought to themselves, If they were to marry such a handsome young master, they would probably be smiling in their dreams. Perhaps only a female Godfiend was worthy of Lord Meng.

...

About 2.5 kilometers away from Meng Chuan’s residence was the largest restaurant in North River Pass, White Cloud Restaurant. Today, White Cloud Restaurant’s ninth floor had been booked.

On the restaurant’s top floor, a gray-robed elder stood guard outside the private room. There was only one person inside.

A cyan-robed woman stood inside the room. Her face was covered in a thin veil. She stood by the private room’s window and looked in the direction of Meng Chuan’s manor. Although she was over 2.5 kilometers away, she could clearly see Meng Dajiang watching everybody leave as he stood at the manor door. She also saw the good-looking youth riding a tall horse.

Dajiang, you’ve gained so much weight. The cyan-robed woman watched from afar. Chuan’er has also grown up. Her eyes were filled with tears.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160 - ecision (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The cyan-robed woman studied Meng Chuan’s appearance carefully—his eyebrows, eyes, eyelashes, nose, mouth, ears, and even the mole on his face—she tried to see everything. She couldn’t see the mole on Meng Chuan’s face because she was over five kilometers away from him.

Chuan’er’s facial features are roughly the same as when he was young. His facial lines are more defined now. The cyan-robed woman smiled as she looked at him. His eyelashes are still quite long. I might be able to see the mole under his eye if I move a little closer.

All these years, Dajiang has raised Chuan’er. Chuan’er really hasn’t disappointed us. Though the cyan-clothed woman was happy, she couldn’t help but tear up.

She watched the wedding entourage arrive at Liu Qiyue’s temporary residence. After entering the manor for over two hours, the bride was finally received. Liu Qiyue—who was dressed in a red robe and a phoenix corset—got into the sedan chair.

Liu Yebai watched this scene with mixed emotions. His daughter was finally married; he was relieved that the groom was Meng Chuan. Liu Yebai only wished for his daughter to live well. He didn’t want his daughter to bear the burdens he had. He never told his daughter about how the Liu family was pressuring him.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were extremely talented. The Liu family didn’t come and disrupt the marriage. Instead, they sent an Indestructible Godfiend with a congratulatory gift. They were very low-key. Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai didn’t make a big fuss either. They didn’t want to cause a commotion. With the Liu family’s actions of sending an Indestructible Godfiend, their attitudes were very obvious. They weren’t willing to anger Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. They just wanted to mend their estranged relationships.

...

The cyan-robed woman clenched her fingers tightly as she watched the wedding entourage return to Meng Chuan’s manor with the bride.

After the bride got off the sedan, the groom and bride stepped over a fire basin and entered the manor. When they entered the manor, she was no longer able to see them.

“He’s getting married,” whispered the cyan-robed woman. “Chuan’er has finally gotten married. His wife grew up with him. It’s great, just wonderful.” The tears in the cyan-robed woman’s eyes vanished. She regained her composure and cold expression and left the private room. To the gray-robed elder outside the room, she said, “It’s time to return.”

“We have to return as soon as possible. We have to return by today; otherwise, it will be troublesome if we are discovered.” The gray-robed elder was somewhat worried.

“Don’t worry,” replied the cyan-robed woman indifferently.

She and the gray-robed elder silently left North River Pass. Meng Dajiang and Meng Chuan didn’t know about her presence.

...

“Kowtow to Heaven and Earth!”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue held a red silk ribbon. Currently, they were extremely happy and satisfied. They kowtowed to Heaven and Earth under many people’s eyes.

“Kowtow to the parents!”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue turned around and kowtowed to Meng Dajiang.

Meng Dajiang chuckled as he watched them. However, his heart ached a little when he saw the empty chair beside him. He quickly composed himself and continued to smile at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

“Kowtow to one another!”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue kowtowed to each other.

After the ceremony, they were officially husband and wife. From now on, he was her husband, and she was his wife.

“Send them to the nuptial chamber!”

Meng Chuan brought Liu Qiyue to their newly-decorated house.

...

The bride, Liu Qiyue, could rest in the room and wait. Meng Chuan removed the red flower from his chest and went out to receive the guests. As the groom, he had to drink with every guest.

The moon illuminated the dark sky; the guests began leaving the manor after having their fill.

Originally, the guests had planned on teasing the newlyweds in the nuptial chamber; however, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were Godfiends! Godfiends enjoyed special status; thus, they didn’t need to follow ordinary customs. Some Godfiends got married by only kowtowing to Heaven and Earth—they did nothing else. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue underwent most of the official rites but had decided to skip the nuptial chamber teasing.

After all the guests left, Meng Dajiang drank alone in his own room. His vision blurred as he swayed tipsily. It was as if he had returned to the day he got married.

When he got married, he wasn’t fat at all. He had been a young man in his prime. At that time, his wife had the beauty of a fairy. However, he had raised his child alone for many years, until Meng Chuan entered Archean Mountain.

Nianyun, Chuan’er is married. In the future, Chuan’er and Qiyue will have children. Meng Dajiang stared out the window silently. Twenty-five years have passed by so quickly. Nianyun, I really miss you...

Meng Dajiang was in great pain. His wife’s secrets were unknown to the public, but he knew about everything. For his wife and son, he could only keep them secret forever.

...

In the newlyweds’ room, a red candle was lit. Under the candlelight, everything appeared hazy.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue, who was still wearing a red veil. He picked up a steel rod and gently lifted the red veil, revealing her flushed face.

Liu Qiyue’s skin was like milky-white jade. After her phoenix bloodline had awakened, her appearance had become even more outstanding. Under the candlelight, she looked more beautiful in her red robe. She was so beautiful that even Meng Chuan couldn’t take his eyes off her.

So beautiful. Qiyue is so beautiful. Meng Chuan knew that he would remember this moment for his entire life.

“Why are you staring at me?” asked Liu Qiyue softly.

Meng Chuan smiled and put down the steel rod. “Qiyue, it looks like you can’t wait any longer.”

Liu Qiyue glared at Meng Chuan. “Who are you talking about.”

“My wife, I was wrong. I’m the one who can’t wait,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

Upon hearing Meng Chuan say “wife,” Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but smile again. Meng Chuan took off his robe and helped Qiyue remove her complicated wedding gown. He whispered, “It’s our nuptial night. Time passes quickly, so we can’t afford to waste it.” With that said, he pulled Liu Qiyue onto the bed and lowered the bed curtains.

...

After Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were married, they became lovey-dovey and intimate.

Meng Dajiang, Liu Yebai, and the other guests all had matters to deal with in Eastcalm Prefecture; thus, they stayed in North River Pass for only seven days. Meng Chuan arranged for a Godfiend to escort his father and company back to Eastcalm Prefecture via flying mount.

“Live well with Meng Chuan in the future,” said Liu Yebai to his daughter before looking at Meng Chuan. “Meng Chuan, Qiyue is more important than my life. I’m handing her over to you. Don’t disappoint me.”

“Don’t worry, Father-in-law. To me, she’s also more important than my life,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Yebai nodded slightly. “I’m at ease since it’s the two of you.”

“Alright, alright. Let’s just wait for our grandchildren.” Meng Dajian sat on the bird’s back and urged Liu Yebai. “Don’t bother the kids.”

Liu Yebai jumped onto the bird’s back.

“Senior Brother Meng, I’ll head out now,” said Godfiend Wang Song—who was in charge of controlling the bird.

“Be careful,” said Meng Chuan.

Wang Song nodded and smiled. Following that, the bird soared into the sky and began flying towards Eastcalm Prefecture.

...

February. Pink flowers were already blooming inside a garden on Archean Mountain.

Supremacy Qin Wu and two illusory figures gathered in the garden.

“Xu Yingwu, why did you ask her to gather so suddenly?” asked a white-robed woman—who exuded a cold temperament even though it wasn’t her true self.

“Qin Wu, you are currently in charge of Archean Mountain. As for Bai Yaoyue, you are in charge of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven,” said the illusory middle-aged man. “I only asked for this meeting because there is an important matter.”

“What is it?” asked Supremacy Qin Wu.

The illusory middle-aged man said, “After our Two World Island discussed internally, we have decided to allow the demon monarchs to enter the human world.”

Final Chapter of Volume—North River Pass Deputy General

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161 - Letting It Bleed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Let the demon monarchs enter the human world?” Supremacy Qin Wu and Supremacy Bai Yaoyue’s expressions changed.

Xu Yingwu looked at the two Supremacies in front of him and indifferently said, “Before the demons invaded, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven had been hunting down my Two World Island. Archean Mountain secretly encouraged their actions, hoping that they would destroy Two World Island completely.”

“We never attacked,” said Qin Wu calmly with a smile.

“My Black Sand Grotto-Heaven hasn’t hunted you down for the past 800 years,” said Bai Yaoyue. “The early days of the demon invasion weren’t very intense. Two World Island should’ve recovered long ago.”

“We did.” Xu Yingwu nodded, then sneered. “But look at the territory that Two World Island controls! Miasma-covered jungles, mountains, and countless islands. Both your sects occupy vast swathes of land that have huge populations! Your rich, vast lands allow for a higher population than what our Two World Island can attain with the territory we control.”

“In terms of size, Two World Island oversees a much bigger area,” said Bai Yaoyue with a sneer.

Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Two World Island had a blood feud—one that caused irreconcilable hatred.

Black Sand Grotto-Heaven once had a chance of unifying the world under their banner. Back then, Imperial Lord Black Sand was the strongest human expert. He had five Creation Supremacies under his command. Only Archean Mountain barely held on against their forces. Archean Mountain turtled-up and relied on the inheritances left behind by their forefathers. They hoped to defend until Imperial Lord Black Sand died—which would lead to the inevitable decline of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

However, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven fractured internally. They would’ve survived the internal turmoil, but Elder Yin Yang acted against Imperial Lord Black Sand at a critical moment! As a general under the strongest human expert—Imperial Lord Black Sand—Elder Yin Yang was deeply trusted by Imperial Lord Black Sand. To everyone’s surprise, Elder Yin Yang acted against Imperial Lord Black Sand, causing him to be severely injured.

Left severely injured, Imperial Lord Black Sand had to face the internal turmoil within his sect, which led to his death.

As this happened, Elder Yin Yang led a group of followers away and established the Two World Island Sect.

It took over 100 hundred years before Black Sand Grotto-Heaven recovered from the inner turmoil and reunited as one. Imperial Lord Black Sand’s faction won, and they hated Two World Island to the bone! They began hunting down Two World Island. A starving camel is still bigger than a horse, so for Black Sand Grotto-Heaven—the sect that had nearly unified the world under their banner—they could easily hunt down Two World Island.

Ever since its creation, Two World Island had been resisting Black Sand Grotto-Heaven constantly. They had to be on the run. It was truly tragic. Only when the demons invaded did the three sects abandon their hatred and stop fighting. Two World Island took this opportunity to recover.

“Two World Island does indeed oversee more territory than Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, but they are all jungles, mountains, and islands,” said Xu Yingwu. “Although we have the largest territory, we have the smallest population. Within our territory, there’s a super-large city pass, the same as both your sects’ territories. However, we have way more small and medium-sized city passes than any of you.

“Our Two World Island has fewer Godfiends than both your sects!” Xu Yingwu shook his head and sneered. “I can ignore the small city passes as they are easily defended. However, for the past few years, Two World Island’s Godfiends have been defending against the demons desperately. Unfortunately, we have fewer Godfiends than either of your sects. What can we do? We are sacrificing our lives just to defend!

“Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven are already feeling the pinch when 20 Godfiend disciples are dying a year. As for our Two World Island? Sixty-one Godfiend disciples died last year!” Xu Yingwu stared at Qin Wu and Bai Yaoyue venomously. “A decade ago, we were losing 20 Godfiend disciples a year, but last year, 60 died. If this continues, Two World Island’s Great Solar Godfiends will all be dead in ten years!”

Qin Wu and Bai Yaoyue fell silent.

Two World Island was the weakest of the three supreme human sects, and they also protected the largest territory. Their territory had the most World Entrances.

“When all the Great Solar Godfiends are dead, what will be the point of us existing?” Xu Yingwu sneered. “Without giving the weaker Godfiends a chance to grow, the human race will lose an entire generation! In a few centuries, the current Marquis and Regis Godfiends will all die of old age! Only the Supremacies will be alive to defend the entire human world! The demons are invading the human world like locusts. How many legs and arms do you have? The speed we can kill the demons isn’t as fast as their reproduction speed!

“That’s why we can’t let the Great Solar Godfiends die,” said Xu Yingwu. “We will have them retreat and let the demon monarchs infiltrate the human world. We will give up the small and medium-sized city passes. The demon monarchs that enter will at most be of the third Firmament! Even if they reach the fourth Firmament, our Marquis and Regis Godfiends, and Supremacies can slaughter them after they enter!

Xu Yingwu took a deep breath before continuing, “We will set up an intelligence network. We will keep tabs on the demon monarchs the moment they enter the human world. Afterward, we can send powerful Godfiends to kill them.”

“What happens when countless demons enter?” Bai Yaoyue asked.

“It’s easy to keep an eye on a large number of demons,” said Xu Yingwu. “A Marquis Godfiend will be enough to slaughter them all.

Bai Yaoyue sneered. “I’m afraid the demon monarchs will scatter and hide the moment they enter our world.”

“So what if they hide? We will always hold the strength advantage in the human world, even if they don’t show themselves! We can wipe these demon monarchs out with our strength advantage,” said Xu Yingwu. “As long as we guard the important cities well, we can kill them as long as they attack. We can also use the intelligence network to carry out pursuits. If too many demon monarchs enter, it will be easier for our investigations to bear fruit. Once we find them, we can send powerful Godfiends to wipe them all out! It’ll be a joy if we kill them this way. We can’t let the Great Solar Godfiends be killed.”

Qin Wu sighed. “Past Godfiends have thought of this same method. However, have you thought about the consequences clearly? Once a large number of mortal demons and demon monarchs enter the human world, how much of a threat will they pose on states, prefectures, and counties? What about the countless village forts? Do you realize how many people will end up dying if you follow this plan?”

“A large number of Godfiends can guard various important areas,” Xu Yingwu said coldly. “We can also use the intelligence network to track and kill every demon monarch.”

“Over half of the human population reside in village forts. How are we supposed to defend them?” pressed Qin Wu.

“Even if we continue defending foolishly, all of Two World Island’s Great Solar Godfiends would be dead in ten years! When that happens, your sects will have to guard the 93 medium-sized World Entrances in our Two World Island’s territory! Can your two sects manage that?” asked Xu Yingwu. “Even if you can defend those World Entrances, the death rates of your Godfiends will increase exponentially. With roughly 50 Godfiend disciples dying every year, how long will either of you last?”

“Twenty years!”

Xu Yingwu sneered as he looked at them. “With less than half of your Great Solar Godfiends left, how can you muster a defense? We are at a critical stage now. If we give up immediately, we can still keep our forces intact,” said Xu Yingwu. “With the state capitals and prefecture cities as our main focus, we will try our best to protect the county cities and forts. In addition, we will pursue demon monarchs! With the mortals hiding in tunnels, demon monarchs won’t be able to slaughter our race wantonly.”

“By giving up the small and middle-sized city passes, thousands of demon monarchs will flood in.” Supremacy Qin Wu closed his eyes. No matter how they defended, the results were expected to be extremely tragic.

“You both know that the demons are clearly much stronger than us.” Xu Yingwu sneered. “However, they always send forces of equal strength to what we have stationed at medium-sized city passes. Why aren’t they sending twice the number of elite demon monarchs! Why not send 20 elite demon monarchs? Why not 30?”

“That’s because the demons know! They know that we humans will give up if we can’t defend the city passes.” Xu Yingwu sneered. “The demons want us to be passive. They will keep draining our strength. This also reduces their internal strife. As the number of medium-sized World Entrances increases, they will gradually intensify their attacks, which in turn, increases our losses.

“In the end, we will have pathetically few Great Solar Godfiends. They will then send a large number of third Firmament demon monarchs to spread throughout our world. We can’t defend the entire world with just a few Marquis Godfiends, Regis Godfiends, and Supremacies,” said Xu Yingwu. “The outcome will be the extinction of the human race!

“They are making us bleed,” said Xu Yingwu. “We won’t be able to resist them forever. Your two sects’ heritage is greater than mine. Perhaps you have better ideas.” Xu Yingwu snorted. “However, our Two World Island will definitely not be able to hold on. I’ll give you half a month to discuss this. If you can’t come up with other solutions within half a month, our Two World Island will begin abandoning all the small and medium-sized city passes.”

With that said, Xu Yingwu’s illusory figure vanished.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162 - A Year Later
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Two World Island can’t hold on any longer.” Bai Yaoyue turned to look at Qin Wu. “Qin Wu, does Archean Mountain have any solutions?”

“Black Sand Grotto-Heaven snatched two treasures from outer space,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “Imperial Lord Black Sand swept through the world with them. Archean Mountain was only capable of defending against him! I believe your Black Sand Grotto-Heaven has more solutions than my Archean Mountain.”

Bai Yaoyue shook her head. “Countless sects have tried to suppress Archean Mountain, but nobody has ever wiped it out. Besides, Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven is also Archean Mountain’s. The mystic technique you revealed back then, “Millennium In An Instant,” shocked Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Two World Island. This time, I’m afraid we will require Archean Mountain to think of a solution.”

Qin Wu sighed and said, “The demons are forcing our hand with their might! Their overall strength is much greater than ours. If this continues, we humans will definitely lose.”

Bai Yaoyue fell silent.

The demons’ strength allowed them to do whatever they wanted.

“Are we just going to let them in?” asked Bai Yaoyue.

“Archean Mountain can keep the status quo for 300 years if we use other methods,” said Qin Wu. “I believe your Black Sand Grotto-Heaven is roughly the same.”

“As expected of Archean Mountain. Your sect can defend well.” Bai Yaoyue shook her head. “We can only last 200 years at most. However, if Two World Island can’t hold on any longer, and we have to defend their abandoned small and medium-sized city passes...”

“We will definitely collapse in fifty years.”

“So do we let the demon monarchs in?” Bai Yaoyue asked. “The human world will only become crueler.”

Qin Wu said, “We don’t have the right to decide. Let’s discuss it with our sects first. We’ll discuss this further in ten days.”

“Archean Mountain’s three Supremacies and two Dao Protectors can slowly discuss it. Our Black Sand Grotto-Heaven will be much faster. We will make a decision within three days.” Bai Yaoyue smiled as she vanished. Among the three sects, Archean Mountain had the greatest freedom. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven was the strictest, while Two World Island was the most zealous. After all, Two World Island had been hunted down ever since it was created...

For the past 800 years, Two World Island only needed to deal with demons. These 800 years had been the easiest for Two World Island. Two World Island’s Godfiends enjoyed more peace than before.

Two Dao Protectors? Qin Wu frowned slightly as he watched Bai Yaoyue’s illusory figure dissipate. She even knows about Archean Mountain’s two Dao Protectors?

...

Give up the small and medium-sized passes and let the demon monarchs in? Such a plan met immense resistance from those of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Archean Mountain! Allowing a large number of third Firmament demon monarchs entry to the human world meant disaster. However, Two World Island governed the most medium-sized city passes. If they shirk their responsibilities, even Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven were unable to take on the additional troubles.

The more insightful members knew that humans couldn’t defend against the demons forever. Now that Two World Island was planning to abandon the small and medium-sized city passes, it only accelerated the changes within Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

...

Ten days later, Archean Mountain.

Supremacy Qin Wu, Supremacy Bai Yaoyue, and Supremacy Xu Yingwu came to a unanimous decision—humanity would give up all small and medium-sized city passes in two years!

Rather than bleeding out slowly, they might as well preserve their strength and initiate plans for humanity’s future! Furthermore, the leaders of the human world knew that there were already many demon monarchs hiding in the human world. Mortal demons and weak demon monarchs infiltrated the human world through unstable World Entrances. Archean Mountain’s Earth Net was already hunting down the demon that had infiltrated the human world. Even if they gave up on the small and middle-sized city passes, there would only be more third Firmament demon monarchs. It wasn’t something they couldn’t handle.

Of course, third Firmament demon monarchs posed a great threat. Some could reach the fourth Firmament! Compared to second Firmament demon monarchs, their destructive capabilities would be a thousand times greater!

Since the three supreme sects had decided to abandon the small and middle-sized city passes in two years, they would initiate several plans. In the two year buffer-period, the Great Relocation Plan, Inescapable Net Plan, Fire Beacon Plan, and two other major plans would be initiated. This was all preparation for the changing circumstances in the human world. They had to do their best to protect the mortals.

The Great Relocation Plan would relocate countless people to other areas. Countless people lived around the small and medium-sized city passes. For example, hundreds of thousands of people lived near North River Pass. All these people needed to be relocated! After all, the areas around the city passes would become uninhabitable if the demons were allowed to enter unobstructed.

...

Everything happened silently. All the preparations were carried out in secret.

As a Great Solar Godfiend, Meng Chuan didn’t know anything. He remained at North River Pass and enjoyed being a happy couple with Liu Qiyue.

Currently, it was spring. The sunlight was shining into Meng Chuan’s study room.

“It looks good.” Liu Qiyue looked at Meng Chuan’s painting. Her eyes lit up as her face turned red.

“Qiyue, this is for you.” Meng Chuan smiled and handed it to Liu Qiyue.

Liu Qiyue took the painting and stared at it, mesmerized. The painting was of a woman. Her entire body was bathed in flames; a phoenix phantom was behind her. Her bowstring was fully-drawn as her sharp eyes stared into the distance.

It was a painting of Liu Qiyue killing demon monarchs at North River Pass. This painting was just a portrait, but Meng Chuan had spent more than a month painting it. It was very detailed. Every strand of hair and even the skin on her face was drawn with great care. He had personally ground the paint.

“It’s wonderful,” Liu Qiyue said softly.

Meng Chuan hard poured his emotions into the painting. Every strand of hair seemed as if it had been combed by him personally. They grew up together and fought in life-and-death battles together. Meng Chuan was very grateful that he had Qiyue. He was grateful that Qiyue was willing to accompany him on his journey. He was also very grateful that fate allowed him to wed her.

“Qiyue, I’ll give you one every year, alright?” Meng Chuan smiled.

“Really?” Liu Qiyue was excited and happy.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I’m a man of my word.”

“Alright, alright.” Liu Qiyue was overjoyed. “By painting one every year, you can include the children when we have them. When we’re old, you can paint my white hair and elderly appearance. The paintings will record my years, and they will all be created by you personally. They will be great.”

“Alright, I’ll definitely paint you through the years.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“If I were to die fighting demon monarchs, it’d be great if I’m not old when that happens. That way, I would have eternal beauty,” said Liu Qiyue happily. “It would also be great if we can live to a ripe old age. Either way, it’d be wonderful.”

Meng Chuan was glad when he saw his wife happy. With their spouse with them, one would feel like their days were much more blissful.

He had infused his feelings for his wife into the first portrait of his wife. He had sought answers from his inner self during the creation of this portrait, and it caused his Essence Soul to change slightly. However, his Essence Soul was still far from reaching the third stage.

...

In the blink of an eye, a year had passed since their wedding. In the past year, the demons had only attacked North River Pass once. They had eight elite demon monarchs once again. The demon monarchs also had various defensive domains. They didn’t engage in close combat with Meng Chuan, and neither did Meng Chuan charge into the domains rashly.

No matter how strong he was, the domains would weaken him by thirty percent. It was very dangerous to rush in. The demons probably wanted to probe Meng Chuan’s true strength, attempting to bait him into attacking them. However, Meng Chuan was very cautious and didn’t act rashly. The demons returned without any meaningful results. They lost 70,000 mortal demons and 39 second Firmament demon monarchs.

In the past year, Meng Chuan had reinforced a city four times as a Patroller. He reinforced one prefecture city and three county cities with great success.

3rd February, night.

“Junior Brother Meng.” Zhang Yunhu secretly brought someone over.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had walked out of the study and welcomed them.

“Uncle-Master,” said Meng Chuan.

“Master.” Extremely excited, Liu Qiyue bowed. It was Liu Qiyue’s master, Marquis Heavenstar.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163 - Arrangement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Marquis Heavenstar was handsome. As he walked over in the darkness, he smiled and nodded when he saw Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. “Originally, I wanted to attend your wedding. Unfortunately, I had something important to tend to and couldn’t come.”

“Fighting the demons takes greater priority,” said Liu Qiyue immediately.

“Yes.” Marquis Heavenstar nodded slightly. “I have something to discuss with Meng Chuan. Qiyue, we can have a chat tomorrow.”

“I’ll personally cook tomorrow and have you try it, Master,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. Liu Qiyue silently left after saying her piece.

Marquis Heavenstar, Zhang Yunhu, and Meng Chuan entered a hall. The three of them sat down as the door closed.

“Uncle-Master, may I know what’s the matter?” inquired Meng Chuan. Marquis Heavenstar had rushed to North River Pass at night, so it had to be a matter of great urgency. If it were a small matter, he would’ve just sent a letter. Meng Chuan couldn’t help but glance at Zhang Yunhu.

Zhang Yunhu immediately said, “Don’t look at me. I’m at a loss as well.”

Marquis Heavenstar’s gaze swept across the two before solemnly saying, “Listen carefully. Only the two of you at North River Pass can know about what I’m going to say. You can’t tell anybody else.”

“Only the two of us will know?” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu exchanged looks. They were shocked.

“After discussing with Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Two World Island, we have decided to abandon all small and medium-sized city passes in a year’s time.”

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu were stunned by the revelation.

They were giving up after defending the city passes desperately?

“Won’t that mean that nobody will stop the demons from entering on a large scale?” Zhang Yunhu could not help but ask.

“This will be a thousand times worse than unstable World Entrances appearing. Many people will die.” Meng Chuan’s face paled. He knew that the demons had plans to deal with humans! They wanted to wipe out the human race and occupy this world. If they allowed the demons to enter, the consequences would be...

Meng Chuan shuddered at the thought.

“Take a look at this.” Marquis Heavenstar took out two thin dossiers and handed them to Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu.

The two immediately began flipping through the dossiers.

Meng Chuan’s expression changed when he read it.

The dossiers described the current situation regarding the demons lurking in the human world.

“In fact, many unstable World Entrances have appeared in the past 800 years. Many demons have already infiltrated our world,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “The total number that has entered our world is much more than you can imagine. However, most are second Firmament demon monarchs. They are weak, and Earth Net’s Godfiends are hunting them down. This causes the demons to hide desperately; thus, they rarely appear in front of humans. Occasionally, they will appear and attack a village fort. After attacking, they will quickly flee the scene.”

“Many village forts were attacked by demons that were hiding in the human world.” Meng Chuan came to a realization. “The three great sects always announced that the attacks were due to an unstable World Entrance that had appeared—which explained away the demons’ sudden attacks and disappearances.”

“Indeed, Unstable World Entrances disappear quickly,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “If people knew that many demons are hiding in remote mountains and lakes, there will probably be even more panic.”

“No wonder...” Meng Chuan nodded slightly. From when he became a Patroller, he had encountered fewer than ten demon attacks that started because of unstable World Entrances. Even if some attacks happened in remote areas and nobody requested for help, it was much more than the number of publicly-known unstable World Entrances.

It was obvious that many attacks on village forts couldn’t be attributed to unstable World Entrances.

“Two World Island can’t hold on any longer?” Zhang Yunhu’s expression changed when he read the dossier. Meng Chuan’s expression changed as well when he read that part.

Great Yue Dynasty was suffering much more than the other two dynasties. They had fewer Godfiends, and many more city passes. This forced Two World Island to deploy all their Great Solar Godfiends to small and middle-sized city passes for the past ten years. They were extremely tight on manpower. For the past ten years, Two World Island’s situation had been worsening every year. They averaged 20 to 30 Godfiend deaths a year.

“Back then, Two World Island’s situation was only slightly worse than Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven,” said Meng Chuan softly.

Marquis Heavenstar sighed. “Back then, they had enough Godfiends to fend off the demons. However, due to lacking manpower, the number of Godfiends that died in battle increased. With so many dead, the number of Godfiends they could deploy decreased. This led to their current situation.

Marquis Heavenstar said, “Previously, they could still hold on, but the casualties in recent years have indeed increased. Especially the casualties two years ago. Two World Island lost 61 Godfiend disciples. How many Godfiends does Two World Island have? If this went on, all of Two World Island’s Godfiends would be dead in ten years. Even if they aren’t all dead, only three or four years will pass before they can no longer defend against the demons. This will still lead to a complete collapse in their strength.

“Great Yue Dynasty has a total of 93 medium-sized World Entrances in their territory. Even if Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven were to help them, it would place strain on our available manpower. By doing so, over half of our Great Solar Godfiends would die in battle. The three sects would be severely weakened, and we would no longer be able to defend. When that happens, the demons will begin attacking us in earnest. Therefore, the three sects have decided to abandon the small and middle-sized city passes.”

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu finished reading the dossier. They had a clear understanding of how dire the situation was. They also knew that the three sects had no other choice.

“We will strengthen Earth Net. More Godfiends will become a part of Earth Net,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “We will also monitor all small and medium-sized World Entrances. As long as they enter the human world, we will monitor them! Afterward, we will send powerful Godfiends to kill all that have entered.”

“Humans hold the strength advantage in the human world.” Zhang Yunhu nodded. “Even if we give up small and middle-sized city passes, only third Firmament demon monarchs can enter through those World Entrances. At most, they will be fourth Firmament demon monarchs after breaking through. Human Godfiends can slaughter them easily.”

Still, Meng Chuan’s expression remained grim.

He understood the plan from a rational perspective. This would greatly reduce the death rate of human Godfiends. Since the Godfiends held the upper hand in the human world, the demon monarchs wouldn’t cause too much trouble even if they entered unobstructed.

However, the only problem with this plan was that more humans would die.

“If we continue to defend the mortals, the entire human race will be wiped out in a few decades,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “We have no choice. All we can do is kill the demon monarchs and minimize the damage they can cause.”

“Kill them all.” Zhang Yunhu nodded. “Actually, I already had a feeling that the pressure on medium-sized city passes would increase. I thought that the sect would increase the number of disciples recruited per year.”

“Nurturing disciples takes time and resources.” Marquis Heavenstar said, “Taking in more disciples is a terrible choice. Archean Mountain’s resources would be expended faster than we can accumulate them. In 200 to 300 years, we will risk the Godfiend Blood Pool being drained completely. If that happens, the Godfiend heritage will be severed.”

Zhang Yunhu and Meng Chuan nodded.

In the past, humans had encountered such a crisis. Back then, powerful Godfiends sacrificed their Blood Crystals to refill the Godfiend Blood Pool’s powers; thus, continuing the Godfiend heritage. However, only a small number of Godfiends could be created after doing this.

Currently, the large-scale creation of Godfiends required the sects to balance their expenditure speed with their accumulation speed.

“We have to abandon the small and medium-sized city passes. Once we do so, the areas around small and medium-sized city passes will be uninhabitable. The civilians need to be relocated.

“There are too many people to be relocated.” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu were extremely shocked. Just one area numbered hundreds of thousands of humans. With so many small and medium-sized city passes, the number of people that had to be relocated would be shocking!

Marquis Heavenstar said, “Don’t worry. For the past year, the three major sects have been secretly preparing for this. Food and residential areas have been prepared. For example, North River Pass’s population will be evacuated to the 18 surrounding cities. By scattering the numbers, each city can deal with the influx of people.”

Only then did Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu feel relieved.

“From today onwards, I’ll be in charge of North River Pass.” Marquis Heavenstar looked at Zhang Yunhu. “Disciple-Nephew Zhang, you should have already received the order.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164 - Transferred to Jiang State Capital
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Yes.” Zhang Yunhu nodded.

“We’ve prepared everything secretly, but the demons will definitely discover what’s happening when we begin relocating everybody,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “In the past, they didn’t attack medium-sized city passes with their full might because they wanted Godfiends to guard city passes and die. Once a certain number of Godfiends die in battle, we won’t be able to stop them once they enter.”

Zhang Yunhu said, “But as long as our losses are within certain limits, we will continue defending the mortals. The demons are indeed cunning.”

“Once we begin relocating everybody en masse, it’s likely they will increase their attacks’ intensity. Currently, only seven to eight elite demon monarchs are sent each time, but it’s very likely that they will send 30 elite demon monarchs once we begin relocating the population,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “With such forces, they will easily destroy North River Pass and kill the hundreds of thousands of humans relocating.”

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu nodded.

“That’s why I’m guarding North River Pass personally,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “Once they attack, I’ll kill as many as they send!”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu looked at each other, their eyes filled with excitement. Archean Mountain indeed had a detailed plan.

A Marquis Godfiend was a greater deterrence to demons than several Great Solar Godfiends. Even if Meng Chuan fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence, and used a forbidden spell, he would barely have the strength of a Marquis Godfiend. All Marquis Godfiends could suppress him in a head-on battle. Even an average Marquis Godfiend could defeat him with a single strike.

Of course, Meng Chuan could easily escape!

For the Quintessential Essence cultivation system, there was a huge divide between the Great Solar realm and the Darkstar realm. Other cultivation systems didn’t have such a large gap in strength between realms.

For example, demon monarchs were roughly the same strength as human Godfiends for the first three Firmaments. Fourth Firmament demon monarchs were generally inferior to Marquis Godfiends. Of course, some fourth Firmament demon monarchs were extremely powerful, but even then, they were slightly inferior to Marquis Godfiends.

Another example was the Skydemon lineage. This was a cultivation system created by the demons for human traitors. It was inferior to the demon monarch lineage. Therefore, most Skydemons were weaker than demon monarchs and Godfiends. Only a handful was relatively stunning!

Overall, Marquis Godfiends were extremely powerful. After reaching the Darkstar realm, one would have a Darkstar domain. It was both a defensive and offensive domain. The weakest Marquis Godfiend could suppress dozens of third Firmament elite demon monarchs. An average Marquis Godfiend could easily kill dozens of third Firmament elite demon monarchs. Very few Archean Mountain Marquis Godfiends were weak. Only high-grade Godfiends that had just recently reached the Darkstar realm were that weak. Transcendent-grade Godfiends were of average Marquis Godfiend-level after just breaking through to the Darkstar realm.

“All medium-sized city passes will have Marquis Godfiends or treasures guarding them to guarantee that nothing will go wrong.” Marquis Heavenstar looked at Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunhu. “As for the state capitals, many will not have Marquis Godfiends guarding them.”

Their hearts tightened at the information.

A state capital was a large city. In the past, they were guarded by Marquis Godfiends. Additionally, Regis Godfiends were close enough to act as reinforcements at any time. However, Marquis Godfiends were now going to guard medium-sized city passes. So what was going to happen to the state capitals?

“There are separate arrangements for the state capitals,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “North River Pass’s Godfiends—Zhang Yunhu, Meng Chuan, Yu Chiyan, Yang Xingwu, Mu Qing, and Shi Xiu—will be transferred elsewhere in the next few days. Fan Cheng, Liu Qiyue, and the ordinary Godfiends will stay at North River pass to help me.”

Ultimately, Marquis Heavenstar was one person. He had to deal with elite demon monarchs, thus he still needed other Godfiends to deal with the second Firmament demon monarchs and mortal demons.

“The six of us will be transferred elsewhere?” Meng Chuan was stunned.

“Don’t worry, the Great Relocation Plan will only take a year,” said Marquis Heavenstar with a smile. “In a year, we will completely abandon North River Pass. My disciple, Liu Qiyue, will meet you afterward.”

“That’s not what I meant,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

“Haha, get ready,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “Archean Mountain has arranged the defenses in all the cities. All of you will be stationed somewhere. Wait for your transfer orders.

...

At night, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue chatted in bed.

“Master will guard North River Pass, while the six of you will be transferred elsewhere?” Liu Qiyue was alarmed.

He didn’t bother keeping the re-allocation of defenses a secret from Liu Qiyue. After all, they would leave one after another during the next few days.

“It involves confidential matters, so it’s not appropriate for me to elaborate. Marquis Heavenstar will tell you everything that you need to know. Don’t worry, we’ll be together again in a year’s time,” said Meng Chuan. He agreed with Archean Mountain’s plans. Currently, the medium-sized city passes would be very safe. With Marquis Heavenstar around, Liu Qiyue only needed to deal with the second Firmament demon monarchs. Marquis Heavenstar would deal with all the third Firmament demon monarchs, no matter how many came!

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

...

In the following days, Zhang Yunhu, Yu Chiyan, Yang Xingwu, Mu Qing, and Shi Xiu received their transfer orders. They were split into three groups. Zhang Yunhu left with Yang Xingwu, while Yu Chiyan and Mu Qing left together. Shi Xiu left alone.

They all left quietly! Their residences were heavily guarded, so the Skydemon Sect’s spies wouldn’t learn of their whereabouts.

13th February, Meng Chuan was the last to receive his transfer order.

“Ah Chuan, be careful.” Liu Qiyue was extremely worried.

“We will meet again a year later.” Meng Chuan smiled as he looked at his wife. He turned around and jumped on the bird’s back.

“Senior Brother Meng, let’s set off.” On the bird’s back was a second Firmament Skydemon skilled with illusions—controlled by Archean Mountain. The Skydemon cast illusions to prevent others from seeing the bird and the two Godfiends.

Swoosh.

The bird immediately soared into the sky. Meng Chuan glanced at his wife—who was standing in the courtyard and staring at him—and sighed softly.

As a Godfiend, he had no choice. They had to separate when needed.

Whoosh.

He looked at the endless clouds below as he sat on the bird’s back. He took out his transfer order and read it.

I’m transferring to Jiang State Capital? Meng Chuan stared at his transfer order with shock.

The Great Zhou Dynasty only had 23 states. A state capital was one of the dynasty’s biggest cities—millions of people lived inside a state capital.

He was going to Jiang State Capital and needed to guard the city for a year.

...

When the sky began to brighten, the bird arrived at Jiang State Capital—5,500 kilometers away from North River Pass.

The bird silently landed in an inconspicuous manor in Jiang State Capital. They couldn’t be seen thanks to the illusions.

“Someone’s here.” Two figures stood waiting in the courtyard. They saw the young man, Meng Chuan, jump off from the bird.

“A young man?” The two old men laughed.

“Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Brother Yang.” Meng Chuan immediately bowed when he saw the two. He knew that three Godfiends would be in charge of guarding Jiang State Capital. Before arriving, he had no idea who the other two Godfiends would be.

“Junior Brother Meng, let’s confirm our identities first.” The white-haired elder took out a cyan token with Jiang State’s symbol on it. The muscular elder took out his token as well. Meng Chuan took out the token that had come with his transfer order.

The three tokens were somewhat different.

The white-haired elder smiled, and said, “It looks like the three of us will be in charge of guarding this place for the next year. According to Archean Mountain’s arrangements, I’ll be primarily in charge of the defense.”

“Senior Brother Zhang, we will follow your orders,” said the muscular elder and Meng Chuan.

The white-haired elder nodded. “Let’s briefly share our strengths so that our future arrangements are better. I’ll go first. I cultivate a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body, the Indestructible Divine Body. I have Greater Mastery of the Realm of Dao! Unfortunately, my age prevents me from becoming a Marquis Godfiend. However, I’m as strong as the weakest of Marquis Godfiends. I’m best at domains.”

Meng Chuan was shocked. He had known that at least two in every batch of Archean Mountain disciples would have transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. However, most of these transcendent-grade Godfiends couldn’t become Marquis Godfiends.

Zhang Yunfeng had reached the Realm of Dao at the age of 118. He condensed his Essence soul when he was 150 years old. He was extremely old, making it impossible for him to reach the Darkstar realm. At his old age, he attained Greater Mastery of the Realm of Dao. His technique realm was higher than newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends. However, due to not being able to reach the Darkstar realm, he only had the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend.

The Indestructible Divine Body was the best for domains among the twelve transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. Zhang Yunfeng’s domain could partially suppress a Marquis Godfiend. This made him one of the strongest Great Solar Godfiends—an extremely rare feat even in Archean Mountain.

“I cultivate the Great Strength Fiend Body,” said the stocky elder, Yang Fang, with a smile. “I’m not as good as Senior Brother Zhang. I’m only at the Realm of Dao. However, the Great Strength Fiend Body is best at close combat. In a head-on clash, I also have the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend.”

The two then looked at Meng Chuan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165 - Eruption
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“I cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body,” said Meng Chuan with a humble smile. “In direct combat, my strength is just below the threshold for Marquis Godfiends. The only thing worth mentioning is my speed.”

For the past two years, he remained at Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. When he fused the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence, his strength was just below the threshold for Marquis Godfiends. He could maintain this fusion for a relatively long time.

When he fused the Power of Essence Soul with his Diamond Body and Quintessential Essence and used a forbidden spell, he would have the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend. However, he couldn’t maintain this state for long! Both Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang had the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend in their normal states. Meng Chuan was still inferior to his two senior brothers. If his senior brothers were to use forbidden spells, they would be much stronger. However, they were old. Every time they used a forbidden spell, their lifespans would shorten greatly.

“Junior Brother Meng, you’re so young, but your strength is already close to a Marquis Godfiend’s. It really makes me envious,” said Yang Fang with a smile.

Zhang Yunfeng smiled as well. “You can match a Regis Godfiend’s speed at the Great Solar realm with your perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. According to the information given to me by Archean Mountain, Junior Brother Meng’s speed is at the top even among Regis Godfiends.”

Meng Chuan was shocked. He knew that Archean Mountain had definitely calculated Meng Chuan’s speed after he had become a Patroller. But he didn’t think that this information would be provided to Zhang Yunfeng.

“Junior Brother Meng,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “Other than defending Jiang State Capital, we are also responsible for reinforcing the surrounding prefecture cities.”

“Reinforcing the surrounding prefecture cities?” Meng Chuan was surprised.

“Yes.” Zhang Yunfeng nodded. “In the past, Marquis Godfiends were the ones responsible for reinforcing the surrounding cities. Now, this job is left to Great Solar Godfiends. Whenever we are required to reinforce a city, take me along with you. Together, we can deal with many dangers. Even if you bring me along, you will still be faster than many Marquis Godfiends.”

“However, compared to a Regis Godfiend, I might be slightly inferior,” said Meng Chuan.

“That’s fine.” Zhang Yunfeng nodded with a smile.

“If the two of you are reinforcing the cities, what about me?” Yang Fang glared.

Meng Chuan frowned slightly as his eyes scanned Yang Fang’s stocky body. Yang Fang—who cultivated a Great Strength Fiend Body—was very heavy. His speed would be affected greatly if he took him along.

“I’m best at domains. I can reduce the impact on his speed when Meng Chuan brings me along,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “If you come with us, Meng Chuan will drastically slow down. Besides, I’m afraid the demons might try to lure us out of the state capital. When Meng Chuan and I are reinforcing a nearby city, you will have to lead the Godfiends and protect Jiang State Capital.”

“Alright, fine.” Yang Fang nodded.

The three of them were to defend Jiang State Capital secretly—they were the strongest Godfiends here.

On the surface, Jiang State Capital was guarded by other Godfiends. However, they were much weaker. These Godfiends could use their tokens to alert the three commanding Godfiends.

“From today onwards, Junior Brother Yang and I will be staying in this mansion,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “Junior Brother Meng, you are to go incognito and roam around Jiang State Capital. See if any demon monarchs or Skydemons have sneaked in. With your speed, you can join us quickly whenever you are needed.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan nodded.

...

Meng Chuan changed into a black robe. He controlled the muscles and bones on his face, making himself look colder. Even his hairstyle was changed slightly. He now looked like an ordinary saber-wielder that roamed the world.

“Boatman, set off.”

There was a river in Jiang State Capital. Meng Chuan sat inside a boat with a black awning. He was drinking wine and eating some food as he sat inside the boat. The boatman paddled along the river; the boat slowly proceeded forward.

Crossing the city on a boat was normal. However, most people did it with friends. Doing it alone was rare.

The boatman didn’t dare to say anything after seeing the stern expression on Meng Chuan’s face.

While he was drinking wine, Meng Chuan was busy scanning all auras within a kilometer radius. Demons and Skydemon Sect’s spies were very careful after entering human cities. It was very difficult to find spies using only one’s eyes. However, because he could sense all auras within a kilometer radius with his perception domain, the demonic auras of demons and those from the Skydemon sect couldn’t evade detection.

Most of Skydemon Sect’s minions were unqualified to cultivate the Skydemon Sect’s formulas. Only disciples that had truly joined the Skydemon Sect could learn the Skydemon Sect’s formulas. The majority that served the Skydemon Sect did it for the money. Most had no idea they were serving the Skydemon Sect.

He rode on the boat for an hour. He didn’t discover any demons or Skydemon Sect disciples.

Jiang State Capital has always been guarded by Marquis Godfiends in the past. Marquis Godfiends have Essence Souls; thus, they can sense auras. The Skydemon Sect disciples must be very cautious. They probably send their subordinates to gather information instead of entering the city personally.

...

The entire human world was affected by turbulent undercurrents. On the surface, everything seemed to be the same.

On 27th February, all small and medium-sized city passes’ populations were being relocated after receiving orders from Archean Mountain, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, and Two World Island.

Of course, not every city pass was inhabited by humans. Some city passes out in the sea were surrounded by water. Only Godfiends were presiding over those city passes. Even mortal soldiers weren’t sent to those city passes! This was because the vast sea was a massive obstruction to the demons. Even if they exited those city passes, they would have to enter the sea to get to land. Aquatic demons didn’t survive for long because Godfiends would sweep through the area and slaughter any aquatic demons they encountered.

It was too difficult to cross the vast ocean and reach land. Most small and medium-sized city passes had mortal humans living in them.

“The demons are about to launch a large-scale attack. All North River Pass residents are to relocate. Pack up quickly. We are setting off in four hours.”

27th February, morning.

The entire North River Pass was in a commotion. Hundreds of thousands of residents found the news shocking.

“The demons are going to launch a large-scale attack?”

“We have to move? Can’t we stop them?”

They found it hard to leave their hometown. Many had lived in North River Pass their entire lives. They experienced numerous demon attacks every year. They knew that if North River Pass was breached by demons, hundreds of thousands of people would be slaughtered.

Therefore—no matter how unwilling they were—every family packed their belongings and prepared to relocate. Fortunately, most people had been cultivating since they were young. There were very few at the Marrow Cleansing realm. Most reached the Foundation Establishment realm and Internal Tempering realm. For them, it was very easy for one person to pull a wooden wagon and carry 500 kilograms of goods. There were very few ox and horse carriages. Most were pulled by humans manually.

Since a census of North River Pass’s population had already been done, everybody followed the relocation arrangements. They were heading towards nearby prefecture and county cities. These cities were roughly 100 kilometers away from North River Pass. Moving such distances en masse was too difficult. It was more pragmatic to relocate them somewhere closer.

“It won’t be easy for hundreds of thousands of people to migrate.” Marquis Heavenstar stood above North River Pass and looked down. “The mountain roads are difficult to travel. For hundreds of thousands of people to traverse over 100 kilometers—with mountains along the way—they will probably take a month or two. They would be several times faster if they were on flat plains.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue and Fan Cheng nodded.

There were many mountain paths that were extremely narrow. They even had to walk along cliffs.

“Even if they are relocated, we have to continue defending,” said Marquis Heavenstar. “Otherwise, third Firmament demon monarchs will threaten other city passes’ relocation. The Great Relocation Plan has to end before we can retreat from the city pass.”

Dong! Dong! Dong! The sound of drums echoed.

Marquis Heavenstar turned his head.

Thirty-five third Firmament demon monarchs were advancing through the kilometer-long World Entrance. The demons began attacking!

“We’ve just given the order, and the city will only set off in four hours,” said Marquis Heavenstar with a cold laugh. “Yet, the demons have already begun attacking. There will always be idiots who leak information!”

Among the human Godfiends, some weren’t really betraying the human race. They remained on the humans’ side. However, they would occasionally leak information for some benefits.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166 - Reality or Imaginary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They thought that the information they leaked wouldn’t have much of an impact. For example, this mass migration was carried out suddenly—one that would last months, Letting the demons learn of it a few hours earlier wouldn’t have much of an impact. However, they had forgotten these trivial information leaks determined the war outcome. These information leaks could lead to big changes and ultimately determine humanity’s fate.

Of course, there were a few Godfiends that felt like humanity would definitely lose. They were the ones that betrayed humanity completely!

“That’s why Archean Mountain issued the order at the same time,” said Fan Cheng. “We didn’t even know about it beforehand.”

Very few Godfiends knew about this matter beforehand. Marquis Heavenstar had only told Zhang Yunhu and Meng Chuan! Before the Great Relocation Plan was initiated, only humanity’s leaders knew of it. Later, it was the Marquis and Regis Godfiends, followed by the likes of Meng Chuan of Zhang Yunhu. Most Godfiends only learned about the Great Relocation Plan at the end.

“Master, the demon monarchs will arrive very soon.” Liu Qiyue looked down. “Thirty-five demon monarchs will pass through the tunnel in thirty seconds and reach the human world.”

“Let them in first before we kill them all,” said Marquis Heavenstar. Although he was standing there, the mortal soldiers couldn’t see him. This was also one of the Darkstar domain’s special abilities. The Darkstar domain was unique to Marquis Godfiends and above. It had many uses such as concealment, disguise, defense, offense, and flight.

Fourth Firmament demon monarchs had all sorts of divine powers, but they were slightly inferior to Marquis Godfiends because they didn’t have a Darkstar domain.

Marquis Heavenstar stepped off the city wall, floating above North River Pass’s inner city. He retrieved his bow from his back as he stared at the World Entrance coldly.

“Oh?” Liu Qiyue frowned slightly and said, “Master, among the 35 demon monarchs, the spider demoness and ox demon monarch are gone.”

“Oh?” Marquis Heavenstar’s eyes turned colder. “Has news of Marquis Godfiends defending medium-sized city passes been leaked? Or are the demons being cautious?”

After a while, 35 third Firmament demon monarchs entered. Among them were five elite demon monarchs.

Growl!

Awoo!

Hiss!

All sorts of sounds were heard. Second Firmament demon monarchs and mortals exited the World Entrance crazily. Since they didn’t suffer from any attacks, they quickly exited the World Entrance.

“No Godfiends are stopping us?” The 35 third Firmament demon monarchs exchanged looks.

“Charge, head up the city wall.” A fox demon monarch gave the order.

They knew that this attack was rather special. 35 third Firmament demon monarchs, nearly 100 second Firmament demon monarchs, and countless demons began climbing up the wall.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The demon monarchs rapidly climbed up the walls by using each other as platforms.

“I originally thought that there would be big fish.” Marquis Heavenstar watched this scene calmly. No demons could see him.

The Darkstar domain could block most probes. It also rendered one invisible to the naked eye.

Marquis Heavenstar pulled his bowstring taut, but he had no arrows in his hand. After pulling the bow taut, four flaming arrows took form.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The arrows became four burning streaks after they were shot out.

Marquis Heavenstar stayed in his current position and pulled the bowstring again. His hands were a blur as he pulled the bowstring. In just a few seconds, he had shot over 40 flaming arrows! These flaming arrows streaked across the sky at terrifying speeds. The third Firmament demon monarchs tried to dodge the arrows, but the flaming arrows followed them ever so slightly and struck them. One arrow even killed two demon monarchs!

35 third Firmament demon monarchs and 11 second Firmament demon monarchs died to the 40 flaming arrows.

“Run!” The remaining demons began retreating to the World Entrance in fear.

Humph. Marquis Heavenstar stood high in the sky and waved his hand. His Darkstar Quintessential Essence flew towards the demons.

His Darkstar Quintessential Essence caused the battlefield to explode. Over half of the mortal demons and second Firmament demon monarchs were killed. Since some were close enough to the World Entrance, many demons managed to flee back to the Demon Realm.

“This...” Fan Cheng, Liu Qiyue, and the other Godfiends were astounded.

With his strength alone, Marquis Heavenstar crushed the demon army. It was no wonder a medium-sized city pass became impregnable with a Marquis Godfiend guarding it.

They are really careful. They only sent five elite demon monarchs. Marquis Heavenstar looked down and shook his head slightly. If they were 35 third Firmament elite demon monarchs cooperating with each other, even he would have to spend some effort to kill them. When that happened, the second Firmament demon monarchs and ordinary demons would be fended off by Fan Cheng, Liu Qiyue, and the other Godfiends.

However, this demon army had been too weak.

...

On the other side of North River Pass’s World Entrance.

The Demon Realm.

An old turtle demon with a walking stick stood waiting. Around him were elite demon monarchs such as the spider demoness. Over ten elite demon monarchs possessed divine powers.

The demons—that had fled successfully—knelt down in horror.

“There were flaming arrows, a lot of flaming arrows. The third Firmament demon monarchs died in the blink of an eye.”

“All the attacks came from the sky. We couldn’t see which Godfiend it was.”

“Any slower and we would have died.”

The second Firmament demon monarchs—that managed to escape—were terrified out of their wits.

“Uncle Yun, an invisible Godfiend’s attacks rained down from above. It should be a Marquis Godfiend,” said a nine-headed lion demon. The spider demoness and the other demon monarchs stood behind the nine-headed lion demon.

“They didn’t give us a chance despite the mass migration,” said the old turtle demon with a smile as he held his walking stick. “Continue waiting. When the Marquis Godfiend leaves, you will enter the human world in batches.”

“Yes,” the nine-headed lion demon and the other demon monarchs replied respectfully.

The demons had long guessed that the mass migration meant that the humans were abandoning the small and medium-sized city passes.

They didn’t want the humans to turtle up, but the demons would naturally send their armies into the human world since the humans had done so. The human world was very dangerous for demons! Only a few would enter if they were given a choice. Therefore, various demon sages sent their descendants to lead the invasion. Smaller factions would send their own forces.

They would enter the human world on a large scale. The demons wanted to win as soon as possible because any delay might spell trouble for them.

...

In an ordinary tycoon’s manor in Jiang State Capital.

Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang—Jiang State Capital’s three strongest Godfiends—read through the latest intelligence dossier.

“27th February. All small and medium-sized city passes have begun relocating their citizens.” The white-haired Zhang Yunfeng read the dossier and said, “Every small and medium-sized city pass has been attacked by demons. The attacks aren’t very strong, but they have forced the Marquis Godfiends to reveal themselves. Some medium-sized city passes didn’t have any Marquis Godfiends and were forced to use their defensive treasures.”

“The demons must know that almost all Marquis Godfiends in the world are guarding the city passes,” Meng Chuan said softly. “They should know that the state capitals are void of any strong Godfiends.”

“Yes.” Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang were solemn as well.

Although the states and prefectures still had Godfiends, they were much weaker than Marquis Godfiends.

“According to Archean Mountain’s estimates, the demons will soon attack prefecture cities and state capitals,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “However, the demons are still too weak in our human world. Most are ordinary demons and second Firmament demon monarchs. There are very few third Firmament demon monarchs. They’ll probably rely on the Skydemon Sect.”

“Thankfully, there are much fewer fourth Firmament Skydemons than Marquis Godfiends,” said Meng Chuan.

Archean Mountain had already given him detailed information on the Skydemon Sect. The Skydemon Sect had 2 fifth Firmament Skydemons and 11 fourth Firmament Skydemons. According to their judgment, fifth Firmament Skydemons cherished their lives. They would not risk their lives when cooperating with demons.

If the Skydemon Sect was pressured by the demons, they might send fourth Firmament Skydemons.

Meng Chuan had read the detailed dossiers regarding all 11 fourth Firmament Skydemons. They were typically weaker than fourth Firmament demon monarchs, making them much weaker than Marquis Godfiends.

“We need to be careful. The demons and Skydemon Sect can attack the prefecture cities and state capitals at any moment,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “Jiang State Capital is a large city. With a population of seven million, the demons definitely won’t ignore it.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Yang Fang nodded slightly.

Although they had a few backup plans—as the strongest Godfiends at Jiang State Capital—they were under immense pressure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167 - Traces of the Skydemon Sect
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

2nd March, morning.

Jiang State Capital.

Meng Chuan—looking like an ordinary saber user—began patrolling the city as usual. He held a few piping-hot meat buns in his hands as he ate. He didn’t look very special, but he was constantly scanning his surroundings with his perception domain.

Ever since the Great Relocation Plan had begun in earnest, Meng Chuan would patrol the city five times a day. Thrice when the sun was up, and twice at night! Be it the three supreme sects or Godfiends like Meng Chuan; they believed that the demon monarchs didn’t care about the number of demons that had died at the city passes over the years! Now that they knew the state capitals and prefecture cities were empty, it was impossible for them to remain unmoved by the rare opportunity.

The humans were out in the light, while the demons lurked in the dark! Meng Chuan dared not slack off.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan suddenly paused. He had picked up on two weak demonic auras—roughly a kilometer away.

After patrolling for so many days, I’ve finally discovered Skydemon Sect disciples. Meng Chuan finished his current meat bun in two bites. After stepping into an alley, he vanished into thin air. He was already on a roof a kilometer away from his original position.

...

The door to an ordinary residence was tightly shut.

A couple sat inside.

“Our sect’s records noted that Marquis Godfiends are extremely powerful. Even if we suppress our demonic auras, Marquis Godfiends will sense us from a few kilometers away.” The yellow-robed woman grunted. “We usually hide on the island and send people from the Chamber of Commerce to investigate Jiang State Capital. However, they’ve ordered us disciples to enter Jiang State Capital to investigate the situation. If a Marquis Godfiend were to discover us, we’ll die.”

“The higher-ups said that there aren’t any Marquis Godfiends in Jiang State Capital,” said the thin man.

“Humph! There are so many Archean Mountain Godfiends. Where are the Godfiends hiding? Do you think our Skydemon Sect can investigate them all? What’s true is false; what’s false is true. Marquis Godfiends might be hiding in Jiang State Capital,” said the yellow-robed woman.

“So what? Can we disobey orders?” asked the thin man.

“Humph. They are sending us to our deaths. Those old fogies naturally don’t care.” The yellow-robed woman’s eyes were cold.

“Hurry up and take action. The higher-ups said that we must report back in three days,” said the thin man. “Without sufficient intelligence to satisfy them, we will all suffer.”

The yellow-robed woman panicked when she heard that.

Skydemon Sect’s punishments were extremely cruel.

...

Meng Chuan stood on the roof. He could clearly hear the conversation between the two Skydemon disciples since he was within 200 hundred feet. He wasn’t in a hurry to capture them since he was eavesdropping on their conversation.

An entire batch of disciples have entered Jiang State Capital? It looks like it’s far more than the two of them! They have to report in three days?

Creak.

Just as the two Skydemon Sect disciples opened the door and were about to leave the house, invisible Quintessential Essence swept past them. The duo instantly fainted.

Meng Chuan appeared beside them.

Controlling two mortals was extremely easy for a Godfiend.

Time to go. He grabbed each person with one hand and left silently. He carried the duo as he traversed the rooftops. Since they were traveling at supersonic speeds, he used the Heaven and Earth powers to prevent any sonic booms from being generated. Mortals couldn’t see him when he was moving at such terrifying speeds even if they widened their eyes.

Five seconds later, Meng Chuan returned to the manor.

“Junior Brother Meng.” Yang Fang and Zhang Yunfeng stood up and glanced at the two Skydemon Sect disciples that Meng Chuan carried.

“Skydemon Sect disciples?” Zhang Yunfeng was surprised. He had also condensed an Essence Soul, meaning he could sense their auras.

It was difficult for Great Solar Godfiends to condense an Essence Soul when they were still “young.” The Essence Soul requirement stopped many from becoming Marquis Godfiends. However, if their lifeforce didn’t decline as they aged, a bunch of older Great Solar Godfiends would’ve condensed Essence Souls and become Marquis Godfiends. Since they had cultivated for longer periods, their technique realms were sometimes higher than newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends! Over a dozen of these older Great Solar Godfiends had condensed an Essence Soul. However, compared to Archean Mountain’s total number of disciples, very few condensed an Essence Soul.

“Yes, I just discovered two Skydemon Sect disciples,” said Meng Chuan. “I heard from them that a group of Skydemon Sect disciples have entered Jiang State Capital. They have to obtain sufficient information in three days before reporting to their higher-ups.”

“They have to report in three days?” Zhang Yunfeng’s eyes lit up. “Don’t capture all of the Skydemon Sect’s spies. Leave two or three free so that we can track them secretly. Let’s see if we can find more.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Senior Brother Zhang, find someone who’s skilled in illusions and interrogate them.”

In fact, with a second-stage Essence Soul, he could also use a few Essence Soul mystic techniques. An Enchantment Spell could easily control these two mortals. However, he still needed to capture spies and didn’t have time to interrogate them slowly.

“Leave it to me. I know a few illusion spells,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile. He was a shrewd, old man and naturally had a few additional tricks up his sleeves.

“I’ll continue investigating.” Meng Chuan disappeared with a whoosh.

“He’s fast!” Yang Fang exclaimed. “Furthermore, he’s good at reconnaissance. I wonder if he has condensed an Essence Soul or some special mystic technique.”

“Most importantly, he’s young,” said Zhang Yunfeng wistfully. “Godfiends like Junior Brother Meng are Archean Mountain and our human world’s hope. Old fellows like us are not far off from a coffin.”

Yang Fang nodded slightly.

Both of them were peak Great Solar Godfiends, but their bodies had aged too much. It was impossible for them to become Marquis Godfiends. That was all to their lives. In contrast, Meng Chuan was like the rising sun.

“If we encounter danger, we have to protect Junior Brother Meng’s life even if we die,” said Zhang Yunfeng.

“Don’t worry. As long as we stall for time, with Junior Brother Meng’s speed, he will naturally be able to protect himself,” said Yang Fang.

Zhang Yunfeng nodded before walking to a side hall. The two Skydemon Sect disciples floated up into the side hall.

...

Meng Chuan increased his speed. He traveled over a kilometer each time, increasing his patrolling speed.

After all, there were many spies in the city, so it was naturally better if he moved faster. An ordinary pedestrian was walking on the streets and suddenly vanished when a gust of wind blew over.

Two guests in a tea shop were eating breakfast in a private room when suddenly, the window opened silently. The two guests were puzzled. Following that, a gust of wind blew over, and the two guests disappeared! Only their breakfast remained on the table.

“Sorry for the wait! Shredded dried tofu and steamed dumplings are here!” a waiter shouted loudly. He pushed open the door to the private room. A plate of shredded dried tofu and a bowl of steamed dumplings laid on the waiter’s wooden tray. The waiter looked at the empty room in shock. “People dine-and-dash for breakfast?” The waiter immediately rushed downstairs to report this matter to his manager.

...

Meng Chuan’s efficiency was very high. With his perception domain, he constantly caught spies. Whoever he caught was sent back to the manor.

This continued until he returned to the manor for the fifth time.

“This is the ninth Skydemon Sect disciple.” Meng Chuan threw a renowned courtesan to the side.

“Junior Brother Meng, I’ve already interrogated five Skydemon Sect disciples,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “This is a direct order from the Skydemon Sect Master. None of them dare violate it. They sent 17 mortal disciples into the city to investigate. As for the upper echelons, they didn’t take the risk of entering.”

“The Skydemon Sect Master personally gave the order?” Meng Chuan was astonished. “I heard that the Skydemon Sect is split into seven factions. It’s rare for the Skydemon Sect Master to give orders personally.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168 - Sect Message
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“The Skydemon cultivation system was created by the demons for human traitors. There are all sorts of flaws,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “According to the different cultivation styles, there are seven factions in the Skydemon Sect. Typically, the seven factions are independent and manage their own territories. However, the Skydemon Sect Master has personally given an order. This doesn’t just involve a single faction but all seven. The Skydemon Sect is conducting investigations throughout the world.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “I’ll continue searching.”

“I’ll report what we’ve discovered from the interrogations after we’ve captured more spies.” Zhang Yunfeng nodded.

Archean Mountain needed information from various places to make more accurate judgments.

Swoosh.

With a flash, Meng Chuan vanished.

...

Meng Chuan roamed the city with astonishing speed and found 11 Skydemon Sect disciples in total.

I’ll search the important areas next. Meng Chuan looked at the area in front of him—several kilometers of land occupied by Jiang State’s largest institution, an Archean Mountain Branch.

Archean Mountain’s outer sect disciples cultivated in various states’ branch schools. If outer sect disciples wanted to inherit Godfiend Legacies or use credit to exchange for treasures, they would usually head to an Archean Mountain Branch Institution. After all, it wasn’t easy to get to Archean Mountain. Archean Mountain couldn’t arrange for flying mountains to escort every outer sect disciple.

Jiang State’s Archean Mountain Branch Institution had Godfiends to guide outer sect disciples. These Godfiends resided here all year round.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan explored Jiang State’s Archean Mountain Branch Institution three times before he finished with the area. He discovered two Skydemon Sect disciples that had sneaked in. One was disguised as a delivery man, while the other was a servant that was responsible for cleaning.

...

There are still four Skydemon Sect disciples I haven’t found yet. Meng Chuan also searched the imperial government’s office and the Godfiend family residences.

Xiao family.

Meng Chuan looked at the ancient mansion in front of him.

The Jiang State’s strongest Godfiend family clan—the Xiao family—is a Regis Godfiend family clan. Their younger generation is talented. Senior Sister Xiao Yunyue is part of the Xiao family. Such an ancient family clan typically has Godfiends guarding it.

Whoosh.

With a flash, Meng Chuan arrived atop a roof. He could scan the entire Xiao family’s residence from this position. There were only two Godfiends present in the Xiao family. One was a Great Solar Godfiend, and the other was an Indestructible Godfiend.

There really is a spy. Meng Chuan discovered a demonic aura.

In one of the Xiao Family’s gardens, a young girl was watching a flower bloom. In March, Jiang State enjoyed flowers blooming everywhere. The garden was filled with all sorts of colors.

Seven maids were serving the young girl.

“Look, the peach tree’s leaves are like drops of blood and ink in midair,” said the young girl excitedly to the maidservant behind her. “Hurry up and prepare some ink. I want to paint it.”

Swoosh.

A gust of wind blew past, and Miss Xiao was shocked to discover that one of her maids had vanished into thin air.

“Green Willow,” she exclaimed.

“Who is it?”

“Who dares barge into our Xiao family?” The surrounding crowd immediately roared.

Meng Chuan held the maidservant in one hand, but he was already half a kilometer away. He frowned slightly as he looked behind him. He sensed the Xiao family’s Great Solar Godfiend chasing after him, so he stopped.

“You are?” The middle-aged Godfiend rushed over and looked at Meng Chuan in puzzlement. Due to the change in his appearance, the Godfiend failed to recognize him.

Meng Chuan revealed a token.

“Greetings, Senior Brother.” The middle-aged Godfiend greeted Meng Chuan respectfully when he saw the token. Since it was a turbulent time, those who held such tokens could command all of Jiang State’s Godfiends. Of course, he didn’t know that three people had such tokens. Meng Chuan and Yang Fang were just deputy generals. Zhang Yunfeng was the main commander.

“Caught a spy.” Meng Chuan pushed his Quintessential Essence into the maidservant. The maidservant’s body changed, growing an inch taller. Her face changed drastically; she now had a demonic appearance.

“Thank you, Senior Brother. I never expected a spy to sneak into my Xiao family,” said the middle-aged Godfiend politely.

Meng Chuan nodded and disappeared with a whoosh.

Who exactly is this senior brother? The middle-aged Godfiend was puzzled. Could it be that he has changed his appearance? With the current situation, even I don’t know the identities of the Godfiends guarding Jiang State. However, that’s good. It will be even harder for the demons to figure out which Godfiends are guarding Jiang State Capital.

Following that, the Godfiend silently returned. Under his command, the matter of a maidservant disappearing into thin air was kept under wraps.

...

I’ve investigated the entire city. I still haven’t found two Skydemon Sect disciples. Meng Chuan pondered their possible locations. That’s right. Skydemon Sect Disciples won’t stay in the same spot forever.

Meng Chuan continued his search.

A food-delivering hawker? Meng Chuan stood on the street and looked at a hawker pushing a cart. He pushed the food-filled cart through a manor’s side door. It was a Godfiend family manor.

The hawker was a Skydemon Sect disciple at the Seamless realm.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan directly went onto the roof. He was roughly 100 feet away from the stone-paved road—where the hawker had been pushing his cart. The manor’s servants led him in.

“Don’t look around. If you offend the VIPs in the manor, you’re doomed,” the servant threatened.

“Yes, yes, yes.” The hawker smiled obsequiously.

As he stood on the roof—which was 100 feet away—Meng Chuan suddenly had an idea. He left an Essence Soul mark on the hawker using a mystic technique he learned on Archean Mountain.

In fact, he could sense any Quintessential Essence marks he left on someone up to 50 kilometers away from his potion. However, a Quintessential Essence Mark was easily discovered. Skydemons and demon monarchs could discover them. Essence Soul Marks were much harder to detect. One needed an Essence Soul to detect these marks. Since his Essence Soul had reached the Kinesis stage, he could sense Essence Soul marks that were 150 kilometers away from him.

Time to find the last spy. Meng Chuan quietly left.

He searched a little longer before he found the last spy.

He’s actually on a boat. Meng Chuan stared at the humble people paddling a boat with passengers on board as he stood by the shore.

He planted an Essence Soul mark on an honest-looking man. As long as he was within 200 feet, he could plant Essence Soul marks on his targets.

...

“We’ve found all 17 Skydemon Sect disciples in two hours. Junior Brother Meng’s reconnaissance skills are indeed impressive,” said Yang Fang with a smile. “However, Junior Brother Meng needs to watch the remaining two disciples carefully. Once they leave the city, we will immediately follow.”

“Don’t be careless.” Zhang Yunfeng said, “Skydemon Sect might send another batch of disciples. Demons might even sneak in.”

“Don’t worry. I’ll patrol the city every two hours,” said Meng Chuan.

“Thank you, Junior Brother Meng,” said Zhang Yunfeng.

“We naturally have to be more careful during turbulent times like this.” Meng Chuan had always been extremely attentive when dealing with demons.

...

That night, in the yard.

A ten-foot-tall bird descended and spat out a bamboo tube. At the same time, it spoke in human language, “Senior Brother Zhang, this is a secret letter passed down by the sect three hours ago. I flew here at full speed.”

“Thank you,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile.

The bird nodded and immediately soared into the sky. After all, these demon birds—that were controlled by humans—believed they were a part of the human world; thus, they were extremely loyal to humans.

Zhang Yunfeng pulled out the secret letter from the bamboo tube. Upon opening it, he frowned slightly and handed it to Meng Chuan and Yang Fang. “Both of you take a look.”

“Oh?” Yang Fang took it, and Meng Chuan read the contents.

The content of the secret letter was very simple.

The demons will attack all state capitals in the world. The Skydemon Sect will send 11 fourth Firmament Skydemons to participate in this endeavor. They will join forces with the fourth Firmament demon monarchs that are lurking in the human world. They will mainly attack the Great Zhou Dynasty and the Black Sand Dynasty’s state capitals.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169 - Demonic Transformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“From the looks of it, we have spies in Skydemon Sect’s upper echelons,” said Yang Fang with a smile after he read the letter.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng nodded.

They had expected such attacks to occur. Although Two World Island had the largest territory, it mainly consisted of islands, forests, and mountains. These environments were why the Great Yue Dynasty had a low population density. If the demons wanted to attack, they would obviously attack places with high population densities!

“During the Great Relocation Plan, the state capitals and prefecture cities will be at their weakest. We have to survive this,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “Seven million people in Jiang State depend on us.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Yang Fang were solemn as well.

Once the Great Relocation Plan was finished, Marquis Godfiends would join them. The state capitals would be better defended then.

...

Meng Chuan worked hard every day, patrolling the city again and again. However, he did not find any new spies.

“One of the two Skydemon Sect disciples has secretly left the city,” said Meng Chuan to Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang. “I’ll follow him now.”

“If he travels over 100 kilometers away from the city, give up,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “The city still relies on us to fend off Skydemons and demon monarchs.”

“Understood.” Meng Chuan left quietly. He restrained his lightning and moved silently. He moved at 70 percent his normal speed, but it was more than enough to tail a mortal.

Whoosh. Whoosh.

Jiang State Capital was one of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s ten major cities. The city wall was 80 kilometers long. Godfiends had been involved in the construction of the city.

Phew. Meng Chuan silently jumped over the 300 foot tall city wall and landed a kilometer away from it. In the blink of an eye, he caught up with the rapidly fleeing Skydemon Sect disciple.

“I left Jiang State alive.” Qian Rucheng ran. As a mortal expert that had condensed a demon core, he was faster than a horse when using a movement technique. Furthermore, he was very hidden because he was not traveling on official roads. Traveling on official roads would be too conspicuous.

Qian Rucheng was overjoyed. It was very dangerous for him to enter Jiang State Capital to investigate. Not only did he survive, but he had also obtained the desired intelligence. The Skydemon Sect would reward him heavily.

How slow. Meng Chuan was over half a kilometer behind Qian Rucheng. He had to maintain the speed of a Core Condensation Mortal.

Qian Rucheng fled with all his might. Finally, he arrived at a peach tree forest—15 kilometers from Jiang State Capital. Peach trees were everywhere, and some flowers had already bloomed. This would look very beautiful in the day, but it would also look quite eerie during the night.

When he arrived at the peach blossom forest, Qian Rucheng took out a whistle and blew it. The whistle produced a sound wave—that couldn’t be heard by the human ear at all—that quickly spread out.

The way the Skydemon Sect passes information is quite interesting. Meng Chuan sensed the Heaven and Earth powers being stirred when the faint sound waves spread outwards. It was surprising that such a whistle could disturb the Heaven and Earth powers.

They didn’t wait long.

They’re coming. Meng Chuan sensed an aura rapidly approaching the Skydemon Sect disciple, Qian Rucheng. This person’s demonic aura was much stronger than the disciples that had snuck into Jiang State Capital. It was likely a Skydemon.

That is? Meng Chuan retrieved his aura and silently approached. When he was half a kilometer away, he could see everything with the faint moonlight illuminating the area.

A black fog rapidly flew over. When it reached Qian Rucheng’s side, it condensed into a black-robed elder with a goatee.

When Qian Rucheng saw the elder, he immediately greeted the man, “Elder.”

“Disciple-Nephew Qian.” The goateed elder’s eyes glowed dark-red as he smiled. “Have you found anything?”

“I was in charge of investigating three Godfiend residences. I’ve found some information.” Qian Rucheng took out a letter and handed it over respectfully. “It’s all written here. Elder, please take a look.”

The goateed elder received it and read the letter. He smiled. “Very good. Let’s wait a little longer. We’ll talk when the other disciples are here.”

“Yes.” Qian Rucheng obediently stood by the side. He didn’t dare leave. As spies, they returned together after their mission was completed. They were forbidden from contacting the outside world for a period.

...

The goateed elder and Qian Rucheng waited in the peach blossom forest. Meng Chuan silently observed them from half a kilometer away.

An hour later, another spy came to the peach blossom forest and blew the silent whistle. The goateed elder, Qian Rucheng, and the spy met up. This spy was naturally the other person Meng Chuan had placed his Essence Soul mark on.

The night gradually passed...

The goateed elder raised his head and saw a fuzzy light in the horizon. He frowned and said, “Only the two of you survived?”

The two looked at each other in fear.

Seventeen disciples went in, but only two came out?

“Despite not having a Marquis Godfiend in Jiang State Capital, so many disciples actually failed to return?” The goateed elder frowned slightly before chuckling coldly. “It looks like the Godfiends have set up a trap in Jiang State Capital. Unfortunately, without a Marquis Godfiend, those ordinary Godfiends are useless.”

“This is the address.” The goateed elder threw out a furled piece of paper. “Quickly head there.”

The duo looked at the piece of paper and nodded immediately.

Whoosh.

A large amount of black fog emanated from the goateed elder before he transformed into a black bird. The black bird soared into the sky.

When Meng Chuan saw this, his heart trembled. He can fly?

The Skydemon cultivation system was special. They cultivated demonic powers with a human body. They would gradually transform into demons, but they were different from real demons. For example, this goateed elder could transform into a bird.

If he flies too high, I won’t be able to chase after him. Meng Chuan sighed.

Swoosh!

The black bird soared into the sky and rose to an altitude of 1000 feet. However, a bolt of lightning shot into the sky from the bleach blossom forest and towards him. The bolt of lightning was very fast as it flew towards the bird that was still soaring higher.

Not good. The black bird also noticed the lightning strike. He knew that things weren’t looking good. He desperately spread his wings and flew higher. The goateed elder could fly very high. It wasn’t difficult for him to reach an altitude of tens of thousands of feet or even hundreds of thousands of feet.

However, he wasn’t given time to fly that high.

That’s... The black bird only saw a blurry figure inside the lightning. Following that, Great Solar Quintessential Essence threads entered his body and instantly sealed his demonic core. He could no longer use a sliver of his demonic powers.

The black bird transformed back to his human form.

Meng Chuan held the goateed elder’s neck with one hand as though he was grabbing a chicken.

It’s over. It’s a human Godfiend. I’ve fallen into the hands of a Godfiend. The goateed elder’s heart chilled.

Inside the lightning, one could see a human figure.

“A Godfiend.” Qian Rucheng and the other Skydemon Sect disciple were horrified. Skydemon Sect disciples were most afraid of encountering Godfiends. They quickly fled in fear.

Boom! Boom!

Meng Chuan carried the Skydemon Sect Elder and landed. He glanced at the two Skydemon Sect disciples and waved his hand. Two bolts of lightning flew out and struck the two Skydemon Sect disciples. Following that, Meng Chuan was once again cloaked in lightning as he headed back to Jiang State Capital.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170 - Jiang and Wu in Harvest Spell Food for the World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two Skydemon Sect disciples despaired as they watched the Godfiend shoot two bolts of lightning at them. Originally, they had hoped that this Godfiend would spare them.

Boom! Boom!

When the two lightning bolts struck, Qian Rucheng and his fellow Skydemon Sect disciple turned to dust. Even the items they carried with them were destroyed, leaving only two craters behind.

He had to rid evil thoroughly! Meng Chuan never showed mercy to the demons and Skydemon Sect because he knew that the seemingly weak Skydemon Sect disciples would kill many innocent people. Since they had joined the Skydemon Sect and betrayed humanity, they could forget about being spared.

...

Meng Chuan led the Skydemon Sect Elder back to the manor.

“Junior Brother Meng.” Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang immediately came to receive him. They saw the goateed elder in Meng Chuan’s grasp.

“He’s a second Firmament Skydemon,” said Meng Chuan. “He’s in charge of liaising with the scouts. He can become a bird via demonic transformation. If I were any slower, he would have flown away.”

“He can become a bird via demonic transformation?” Zhang Yunfeng nodded. “He’s a Skydemon. I’m afraid my illusion spells aren’t strong enough to interrogate him. I’ll get Junior Brother Cheng to interrogate him. Junior Brother Cheng is a Great Solar Mirage Godfiend. He’s much stronger in the field of illusions than me. It won’t be difficult for him to interrogate a second Firmament Skydemon that his demonic powers sealed.”

“I’ll go with you,” Yang Fang said. “You’re only good at domains. Don’t act alone.”

“Yes.” Zhang Yunfeng nodded as well.

The three of them silently left the manor and arrived at Jiang State’s Archean Mountain branch. They found Cheng Shiyou.

After Zhang Yunfeng revealed his token, Cheng Shiyou immediately said, “Senior Brothers, please wait a moment. I’ll interrogate the Skydemon immediately.”

...

In a hall.

In front of Meng Chuan and the others, Cheng Shiyou began casting illusion techniques on the Skydemon. As a peak Great Solar Godfiend with a Mirage Fiend body, he was one of the most important Godfiends in Jiang State Capital. He was in no way inferior to Yu Chiyan—one of Meng Chuan’s Godfiend buddies at North River Pass.

The goateed elder was completely controlled by Cheng Shiyou and answered everything he was asked.

“I don’t know. I’m only in charge of gathering intelligence and reporting it to the Grand Elder. The Grand Elder is in contact with the inner sect,” said the goateed elder in a daze.

“Who is the Grand Elder? How do you contact him?” Cheng Shiyou asked.

“He’s Raven Mountain Palace’s Grand Elder, Chunyu Xiao. I need to fly 300 kilometers to Lanze Lake...” the goateed elder continued.

Pieces of information came out of his mouth.

Meng Chuan and the others frowned as they listened.

“The Skydemon Sect’s spy network is made up of independent chains. There’s no way to investigate the entire network,” said Meng Chuan.

“If it were so easy to investigate, the Skydemon Sect wouldn’t have existed for so many years.” Zhang Yunfeng was calm. “Furthermore, I discovered something. When Raven Mountain Palace Lord gave the orders, he said that the Great Zhou Dynasty has the densest population and that the Jiang State and Wu State have the most people. Which is why it was imperative for them to investigate the Godfiends at the state capitals.”

“Raven Mountain Palace Lord has extremely high status in Skydemon Sect. Apart from the sect master and two deputy sect masters, there are seven Palace Lords in Skydemon Sect,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “Since he said that the Jiang and Wu State has the greatest population density in the Great Zhou Dynasty, their main targets should be the Jiang State and the Wu State.

“Yes.” Yang Fang and Cheng Shiyou nodded in agreement.

Meng Chuan’s heart tightened. He also agreed with Senior Brother Zhang’s speculation. However, Eastcalm Prefecture laid in Wu State. His father, Liu Yebai, and over 10,000 Meng family members were in Eastcalm Prefecture. He was somewhat worried when faced with the demons’ incoming assault. However, he had no choice but to sit still. All Godfiends were under Archean Mountain’s command.

Of course, when Archean Mountain was arranging the defenses, they would also do their best to take care of the Godfiend families. However, Archean Mountain’s main priority was to protect everybody, not just the Godfiend family clans.

“I’ll write a letter and report everything I’ve found out to Archean Mountain,” said Zhang Yunfeng.

...

Meng Chuan and company hid in the dark as they waited in Jiang State Capital silently.

Days passed.

People from various small and medium-sized city passes were still migrating en masse. Demons would occasionally attack a city pass, but they would rush back to the Demon Realm when they realized a Marquis Godfiend was present. The presence of a Marquis Godfiend horrified the demon monarchs.

The demons’ goal was to force the Marquis Godfiends to defend the city passes.

19th March, morning.

The sky was gloomy—a sign that it was about to rain.

Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang stayed inside the manor while Meng Chuan continued patrolling the city as usual.

Above the clouds, 50 kilometers away from Jiang State Capital, black water flew over.

Whoosh.

Eleven figures stood above the black water. Leading them was a bald, black-robed man. Barefoot, he stood on the black water. The ten Skydemons behind him had extraordinary auras, but they appeared extremely reverent.

“Look, there’s an avian demon monarch up ahead.” The bald, black-robed man saw a bird flying half a kilometer ahead. With eyes filled with pity, he said, “Unfortunately, a carefree avian demon monarch was enslaved by the Godfiends. Now, he is diligently serving the Godfiends. He doesn’t even know that he is a Demon Realm demon monarch.”

“This bird should be patrolling. However, it can’t see us at all, even though we are very close to it.”

“How can this demon monarch see through the Palace Lord’s concealment?” The Skydemons complimented the Palace Lord’s abilities.

The bald, black-robed man was the Blackwater Palace Lord. The Blackwater Palace was one of Skydemon Sect’s seven factions. He enjoyed a very high status in Skydemon Sect.

Whoosh.

The bald black-robed man stretched out his hand, and an invisible force blanketed the bird—that was half a kilometer away. The bird immediately struggled in pain. Blood spilled out of its body, and it soon became a desiccated corpse—no more blood or liquid was left inside it.

“Let’s meet up with the demon monarchs,” said the bald, black-robed man. He controlled the black water and—with the ten third Firmament Skydemons behind him—descended.

...

50 kilometers outside Jiang State Capital.

Over a hundred demon monarchs gathered on a patch of grass. Sixteen were third Firmament demon monarchs, and 103 were second Firmament demon monarchs.

“He’s here.” The demon monarchs saw the scenery in front of them distort, revealing the bald, black-robed man and the ten third Firmament Skydemons behind him.

“Greetings, Blackwater Palace Lord.” The demon monarch-in charge bowed together with the other demon monarchs.

Although the demons were much stronger than the Skydemon Sect, the demons still had to give face to the Skydemon Sect when they were in the human world. Here, they were partners of equal standing.

After all, Blackwater Palace Lord was a fourth Firmament Skydemon. He was as strong as Marquis Godfiends and fourth Firmament demon monarchs. In the Demon Realm, there were many third Firmament demon monarchs, however, there weren’t as many fourth Firmament demon monarchs. Every fourth Firmament demon monarch enjoyed a high status in the Demon Realm. Thus, they didn’t dare be disrespectful when facing Blackwater Palace Lord.

If Blackwater Palace Lord destroyed them with a flip of his hand and claimed that the human Godfiends had done it, the demons would probably have nothing to say.

“One hundred and nineteen demon monarchs?” When Blackwater Palace Lord saw this, he indifferently asked, “Is that all?”

“We’ve been constantly pursued ever since we entered the human world. It hasn’t been easy to gather so many for the assault on Jiang State Capital,” said Demon Monarch Goat respectfully. “Blackwater Palace Lord, may I know about the Godfiends in Jiang State Capital?”

“I don’t know,” said Blackwater Palace Lord.

“No idea?” The demon monarchs were astonished. The Skydemon Sect was in charge of gathering intelligence, but they actually said they didn’t know?

“The ones responsible for investigating Jiang State Capital didn’t return alive,” said Blackwater indifferently. “However, there’s nothing to be afraid of since we are certain that all Marquis Godfiends are defending the middle-sized city passes.”

“Yes, yes,” answered Demon Monarch Goat obediently. The other demon monarchs exchanged looks and did not dare say a word.

“Jiang State Capital.” Blackwater Palace Lord looked at the city a hundred kilometers away. He whispered, “Jiang and Wu in harvest spell food for the world?”

There was indeed a saying in the Great Zhou Dynasty that Jiang and Wu in harvest spelled food for the world. Although the Great Zhou Dynasty was more densely populated than the Great Yue Dynasty, that was the overall situation. There were still major differences in the Great Zhou Dynasty’s 23 states. For example, the places in the north—such as North River Pass—were cold and mountainous. Here, few places were suitable for growing food, and harvests only happened once a year.

The Jiang State and Wu State were different. The Great Zhou Dynasty’s southeastern region was filled with plains. Many lakes littered the region, and water was abundant. There was no need to worry about droughts. In the vast fertile lands, large fields lined the area. Additionally, harvests happened twice a year here—meaning a lot more food was produced than in the northern regions.

“The Godfiends allowed demon monarchs entry since they hold the absolute advantage. It’s very difficult to engage in wanton massacres. It’s already impressive if we can kill 20 to 30 percent of the population by paying a huge price. Their losses would be rapidly recovered with the humans’ reproductive abilities. If we want to reduce the number of humans, we have to cut off their food supplies. Without food, there will be fewer people.”

Blackwater Palace Lord knew what the Skydemon Sect and the Demon Realm’s leaders had planned. Food was the demon’s primary target. Thus, the Jiang State and Wu State were of utmost importance.

“All demon monarchs are to scatter. Invade Jiang State Capital from all directions and kill anyone you come across. All you need to do is slaughter everybody you see,” ordered Blackwater Palace Lord.

“Yes,” answered the demon monarchs in unison.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171 - Churning Smoke
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The demon monarchs immediately surrounded Jiang State Capital’s four city walls. Only Blackwater Palace Lord and the ten Skydemons were left on the plain.

“All of you, move out as well,” instructed Blackwater Palace Lord indifferently. “According to our agreement, we will infiltrate Jiang State Capital and carry out a massacre. We will force the Godfiends to appear before killing them.”

“Yes.” The ten Skydemons respectfully obeyed the order, split into four squads, and disappeared from the plain.

Blackwater Palace Lord looked at the distant Jiang State Capital before his body silently transformed into black water. The black water entered a nearby river and rapidly moved towards Jiang State Capital at terrifying speeds.

...

Outside Jiang State Capital’s western city wall.

The demon monarchs were blurry shadows as they charged towards the western city wall extremely quickly.

“We’ve finally arrived at the western city wall after taking a 150 kilometer detour. The western city wall is the furthest, so we were the slowest to arrive. The demon monarchs have already arrived at the other three walls.” Demon Monarch Goat looked at the towering western city wall in front of him. Currently, 30 demon monarchs were split into 12 groups. They were scattered around the western city wall—that spanned dozens of kilometers. Two demon monarchs stood beside Demon Monarch Goat.

“Leader, the demon monarchs are waiting for your command.” The other two demon monarchs were filled with anticipation.

Demon Monarch Goat’s excited eyes filled with killing intent.

They had been hiding in the human world for too long. They could finally storm a large city, something they didn’t dare do in the past.

However, there were no Marquis Godfiends in the city, while a fourth Firmament Skydemon led their attack!

“Let’s begin.” Demon Monarch Goat’s sharp claws pointed at the gloomy sky.

Swoosh.

Blinding white light shot out from Demon Monarch Goat’s claws and into the sky. The beam of white light—1000 feet wide—was extremely eye-catching. Even mortals could see the dazzling beam of light from tens of kilometers away, much less the demon monarchs.

The light was a signal—the signal to attack together!

“Kill!” The demon monarchs led by Demon Monarch Cat—scattered outside the dozens of kilometers-long eastern city wall—charged at the city wall rapidly. At the southern city wall, the demon monarchs—led by Demon Monarch—also moved. Demon Monarch Tiger led the charge on the northern city wall. Demon Monarch Goat led the charge on the western city wall.

“Demon monarchs, there are demon monarchs!” The soldiers patrolling the city walls shouted frantically. Since the demon monarchs were no longer concealing themselves as they charged towards the city walls, the soldiers immediately saw their large figures.

Furthermore, since this was a state capital, the generals of the four city walls each had a Demon Seeking Token. Once demonic powers were released within 25 kilometers of the Demon Seeking Token, the tokens would alert the generals.

The four generals were shocked to see their Demon Seeking Tokens burning red-hot. After rushing out of their towers, they saw the demon monarchs that were charging towards the city walls. The demon monarchs’ speed made the mortal soldiers feel despair.

“Light the beacons!” screamed the generals.

In fact, the soldiers had already begun to light the beacons before they were even ordered to do so. Lighting the beacons was standard procedure once they discovered demon monarchs coming.

Billowing smoke rose from Jiang State Capital’s four city walls. The soldiers—on any city wall where a demon monarch was sighted—lit the beacons. Instantly, smoke from over a hundred beacons billowed up!

“Hahaha...” The demon monarchs jumped up the city walls.

These 80-kilometer-long, 300-foot-tall city walls were not used to block demon monarchs, but ordinary demons! No matter how tall they built the walls, demon monarchs could scale them easily. Mortal soldiers were not threats to demon monarchs.

Whoosh.

A blood-red fog spread out.

As Demon Monarch Cat jumped up the city wall, several attacks sliced through the area. Soldiers on the city walls were killed like harvesting wheat. They all fell to the ground as the blood-red fog filled the area.

Kill! Kill! Kill! Demon Monarch Cat’s eyes began to turn red with ferocity.

The other demon monarchs scaled the city walls and slaughtered wantonly. The mortals despaired.

These demon monarchs had followed the law of the jungle ever since they had been born. They had been stuck in the human world for too long. Now that they could begin a large-scale attack, they could sate their bloodlust.

...

The sky above Jiang State was gloomy as rain poured.

Meng Chuan held an umbrella as he walked through Jiang State Capital’s streets. He wore a dark-cyan robe—given to him by Archean Mountain. He knew that an attack was coming ever since they had interrogated the Skydemon Sect disciples.

Oh? Meng Chuan stared off into the horizon. He could see the columns of smoke rising from the city walls.

Smoke is rising from the eastern city wall. Meng Chuan’s expression changed as he glanced around him.

The southern wall, the western city wall, the northern city wall...

Smoke was rising everywhere. Over a hundred beacons were lit within a few seconds.

Meng Chuan’s expression changed. Demon monarchs are invading from all directions. A large-scale assault?

Meng Chuan was extremely fast. He could be considered the fastest among Regis Godfiends. However, each of the city walls was 80 kilometers long. Even Meng Chuan would take five minutes to cover the city wall perimeter. How many people would die in five minutes? Furthermore, the five minutes weren’t inclusive of his battle time. Besides, the demon monarchs wouldn’t stay put. They would scatter throughout the city and massacre everybody.

At this moment, even Meng Chuan found Jiang State Capital too big! After the demons had invaded the human world, state capitals were one of the safest places in the world. Jiang State Capital had constantly expanded for 800 years, resulting in a population of 7 million. Jiang State Capital had four city walls, each 80 kilometers long.

Don’t panic. There are many other Godfiends in the city. Meng Chuan calmed himself down. Jiang State’s Archean Mountain branch is located in the city’s northwest. Many Godfiends reside in the city’s eastern region... The southern region has the least Godfiends. I should head there first.

Although it took time to describe, Meng Chuan instantly made up his mind in reality. With a whoosh, he transformed into a bolt of lightning and disappeared. The umbrella he had been holding fell to the ground. The wind blew the umbrella, causing it to tumble several times on the ground before falling into the river.

...

“Let’s go.”

“Quick!”

Most Godfiends were at Jiang State Capital’s Archean Mountain branch. Fifteen Godfiends immediately reinforced the city’s northern and western regions. Similar arrangements occurred in the city’s eastern and southern regions.

The Godfiends had long prepared for a demon monarch attack. However, they still lacked Godfiends, no matter how they prepared. After all, Godfiends also had to guard prefecture cities, city passes, and etc. The demons and Skydemon Sect could focus on attacking one city.

I hope we can hold on this time. Archean Mountain branch’s dean, Dean Chang, had grizzled hair. He stood on the tallest bell tower and observed the overall situation. He flipped his right hand, and a black wooden box—as large as his palm—appeared. Dean Chang glanced at the wooden box. The sect sure is ruthless. Only when the Godfiends are completely defeated, or over twenty percent of the city’s population is killed can I use it. If not, I will be a human sinner.

When Dean Chang saw the hundred-plus columns of smoke, he knew that a large number of demon monarchs had invaded the city and were massacring the humans.

This ate at him, but he also understood that a defensive treasure wasn’t the same as a powerful Godfiend. It was gone once it was used. He had to wait for the right moment to use the defensive treasure. In fact, it would be even better if they hadn’t used the defensive treasure even after the state capital was attacked for decades.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172 - Cold Rain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the form of lightning, Meng Chuan rushed towards the southern wall. He exceeded his usual speed by unleashing all the lightning within his body. Although he was furious and anxious, he knew that he needed to reserve his Power of Essence Soul and forbidden spells for critical moments.

Many mortal humans rushed towards the nearest tunnels within the city. Everybody in the city knew that this battle wasn’t something they could help with when they saw the hundred-plus plumes of smoke originating from the city walls. It was suicidal to help in such situations.

Bang!

Boom!

Each tunnel had over 100 people sealed within after the mechanisms and traps were set up. Horrified, everybody within the tunnels waited for the invasion’s conclusion.

“Why would Jiang State Capital be attacked?”

“Why are the demons so bold?”

“Beacon smoke rose from all four city walls. The bells at Archean Mountain’s Jiang State Branch didn’t ring. Those at the Marrow Cleansing realm and above weren’t even asked to help defend the city. It’s clear that the situation in the city is very dire.”

People discussed the situation softly. They knew that the tunnel traps and mechanisms could only stall for time. It would take some time for ordinary demons to reach them, but they would be killed very quickly if it were a demon monarch! However, by staying within the tunnels, at least they would buy some extra time. If they were outside the tunnels, they demon monarchs would annihilate all life within 1000 feet in the blink of an eye. Demon monarchs would need a few seconds to break through all the tunnel’s defenses, and only a few hundred would die even if one tunnel was breached.

...

Meng Chuan was extremely swift. With a flash, he was 15 kilometers away from his original position. After ten or so flashes, Meng Chuan arrived at the city’s southern quadrant.

This is... Meng Chuan’s expression changed slightly. At a glance, Meng Chuan could see swaths of corpses! At this area—close to the southern city wall—it was obvious that many people had been fleeing towards the tunnels.

Some corpses were split in half, as though a massive axe had cleaved through the area. The rain mixed with blood and flowed into a nearby river. Some corpses remained intact, but their faces were blacks. Hundreds of corpses were like this. It left Meng Chuan shuddering.

Although he had seen many massacres over the years—be it when he was six or when Eastcalm Prefecture was invaded—they had mainly been conducted by ordinary demons. Those massacres were not comparable to when demon monarchs attacked. This was the first time he had seen such a gruesome scene.

However, he understood that this was only the beginning! After the three supreme sects abandoned small and middle-sized city passes, such scenes would continue to occur.

Demon monarchs! Demon monarchs! Meng Chuan’s killing intent surged as he shuddered in anger. Meng Chuan looked into the distance—where he could sense the closest demonic auras. In that direction.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan quickly rushed towards the battlefield, and from afar, he saw the ground shake violently. He arrived at the battlefield in a flash and saw a 20-foot-tall wolf demon monarch exited a tunnel with his body bent over. The tunnel had completely collapsed., so the outcome of those hiding within the tunnels didn’t need description.

The wolf demon monarch saw a figure clad in lightning as he exited the tunnel.

Godfiend? Demon Monarch Wolf jolted in fear. Second Firmament demon monarchs were cannon fodder during this invasion.

Boom!

Meng Chuan waved his hand, causing a saber beam to streak across the sky and behead Demon Monarch Wolf.

...

Meng Chuan was extremely sensitive when it came to auras. He sensed the eye-catching demonic auras erupting from demon monarchs as they slaughtered the city’s population wantonly.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A Great Solar Godfiend, Li Ye, wielded two sabers as he fended off a third Firmament scorpion demon monarch with great difficulty.

In terms of strength, he was not inferior to Demon Monarch Scorpion. However, there was a second Firmament demon monarch—Demon Monarch Silkworm—shooting countless strands of silk at him over and over again. Although Li Ye’s saber beams could slice through the silk, his strength had been affected greatly. Furthermore, another second Firmament demon—Demon Monarch Toad—attacked him with cyan-colored poisonous gas.

The poisonous gas flew towards Li Ye, forcing him to use his Great Solar Quintessential Essence to resist the poison. If it were a one-on-one battle, he could easily kill Demon Monarch Toad and Demon Monarch Silkworm. However, since they were cooperating with Demon Monarch Scorpion, their comprehensive strength had undergone a qualitative change. Li Ye felt like three powerful demon monarchs encircled him.

Pfft. Demon Monarch Scorpion held a black trident in his hand as his poisonous tail stabbed into Li Ye’s thigh once again. The clothes—that he had received from Archean Mountain—were extremely tough, so only a tiny hole was formed on his thigh. When the tail poison leaked into his body, Li Ye had to use his Great Solar Quintessential Essence to resist the poison.

It’s over. I’m afraid I’ll be killed in ten seconds. Li Ye had already cast a forbidden Godfiend spell in desperation.

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning flew towards the demon monarchs.

It’s fast. Demon Monarch Scorpion, Demon Monarch Toad, and Demon Monarch Silkworm were alarmed. They tried to resist the bolt of lightning, but it was futile. Demon Monarch Silkworm’s silk and Demon Monarch Toad’s poisonous moved too slowly to block the attack. Demon Monarch Scorpion brandished his trident in an attempt to block the attack, but it still connected.

From the shoulder, Demon Monarch Scorpion’s body was sliced through diagonally. After that, Meng Chuan’s figure appeared in their line of sight. Meng Chuan swiftly sent out two Quintessential Essence saber beams, killing the fleeing Demon Monarch Toad and Demon Monarch Silkworm.

“Senior Brother Meng,” shouted Li Ye when he saw Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan no longer had his disguise on.

“Why are you alone?” Meng Chuan frowned as he looked at Li Ye. Li Ye was not an Archean Mountain inner sect disciple but an outer sect disciple. However, he had reached the Great Solar realm. This meant that he could obtain some of Archean Mountain’s legacies and some basic armor and weapons.

“I was out for something. I never expected the demons to arrive so suddenly. When I saw them slaughtering everyone...” Li Ye hurriedly explained.

“Group up with the others and head to the city’s eastern quadrant. Leave the south to me.” Meng Chuan did not listen to him any further. Time was precious and could not be wasted on pointless chatter.

With a whoosh, Meng Chuan transformed into lightning and disappeared.

Li Ye did not say anything else. He also knew that it was wisest to group up with other Godfiends quickly when demon monarchs invade. However, after seeing demon monarchs slaughtering people and how he could save many people if he helped, what could he do? He instinctively went to fight off the demon monarchs. He had just killed a second Firmament demon monarch when he encountered Demon Monarch Scorpion and company.

With Senior Brother Meng around, the south will be safe. Li Ye held his Godfiend token, followed the indicators, and grouped up with the other Godfiends.

...

Jiang State Capital’s eastern quadrant.

The city was in a bleak state. Nobody could be seen on the wet streets. All mortal humans were hiding within the tunnels.

Blackwater Palace Lord smiled as he strolled barefoot on the wet streets. He enjoyed rainy weather.

Oh? He looked into the distance. There are Godfiends there?

Whoosh.

He took a step forward, leaving behind a blurry afterimage. Soon, he arrived on a battlefield.

A Great Solar Godfiend, Zhang Fangkui, led two Indestructible Godfiends as they fought demon monarchs. One demon monarch had already died as two other demon monarchs struggled to hold on.

Three Godfiends. As Blackwater Palace Lord came closer, the three human Godfiends couldn’t see him or sense him.

Three blade-like streams of water flew towards the three Godfiends.

Not good. The three human Godfiends’ expressions changed drastically. The streams of water had appeared out of nowhere. They had not been prepared at all! They tried to block, but the streams of water moved unpredictably.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The three Godfiends’ chests were pierced through. One couldn’t see their destroyed hearts through the gaping holes in their chests. The two Indestructible Godfiends collapsed to the ground as they continued to stare ahead.

As for the Great Solar Godfiend, Zhang Fangkui, he threw his axe with all his might, sending it flying hundreds of feet forward. The air rippled, and a bald, black-robed man appeared.

Upon seeing the bald, black-robed man, Zhang Fangkui’s expression changed. As an Archean Mountain disciple, he had information regarding Skydemon Sect experts. Blackwater Palace Lord?

Following that, Zhang Fangkui knelt on the ground weakly. Eyes filled with horror and despair, he stared at Blackwater Palace Lord intently. It’s a fourth Firmament Skydemon. My fellow disciples won’t be able to block his attacks.

“It’s time to meet your maker. The other Godfiends will soon accompany you.” After Blackwater Palace Lord spoke, he turned and left.

Zhang Fangkui lay face up, his blood staining the ground as he stared into the sky. At the final moment of consciousness, he thought of his family and his outstanding children. Soon after, his consciousness dissipated.

...

Pfft. Pfft. Pfft.

Three streams of water killed three more Godfiends. Blackwater Palace Lord walked barefoot on the Godfiend blood-filled streets as a smile adorned his face. Because of the Great Relocation Plan, all Marquis Godfiends were guarding medium-sized city passes. This gave the demons and Skydemon Sect the chance to kill the Godfiends that had yet to reach the Darkstar realm.

Previously, they had feared that Marquis Godfiends and Great Solar Godfiends would remain in their respective cities as the mortal humans—from small and medium-sized city passes—migrated by themselves. If they had done this, the Godfiends would’ve been extremely safe. The mortals might suffer heavy casualties, but there would be very few Godfiend casualties.

Now, the several hundred small and medium-sized city passes had suffered very little losses, but the Godfiends needed to be everywhere. They faced the demons and Skydemon Sect’s invasions on the less-guarded cities.

Are the lives of so many Godfiends worth it for the many mortals in small and medium-sized city passes? Blackwater Palace Lord scoffed. The combined population in those city passes are equal to a state’s population. Humans have sixty states. Even if they sacrifice all the mortals residing in various city passes, what’s the big deal?

What fools. However, their actions are good for us. We care more for Godfiend deaths than we do for mortals. Blackwater Palace lord continued killing every Godfiend he encountered as he walked around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173 - Gathering in East City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A blurry figure clad in lightning rushed through the rain, heading straight for Jiang State Capital’s eastern district.

Meng Chuan held a token in his hand. Godfiends are constantly dying in the east? As one of the three strongest Godfiends in the city, he could keep tabs on all the Godfiends with his token. He had just discovered that the Godfiend death rate in the eastern district far exceeded the other regions.

Although his strength was inferior to a Marquis Godfiend or fourth firmament Skydemon, his speed was greater than Blackwater Palace Lord’s. He had already killed all the demon monarchs in the southern region while Blackwater Palace Lord was still travelling through the vast eastern district.

Another Godfiend died in battle? Meng Chuan suddenly sensed a Godfiend—more than 1.5 kilometers away—had perished. His eyes flashed fiercely as he rushed towards the Godfiend.

...

The strongest demon monarch in the eastern district, Demon Monarch Cat, led two third Firmament demon monarchs and surrounded three Godfiends. It was a three-on-three battle! However, the humans soon lost an Indestructible Godfiend.

Not good. A Great Solar Godfiend, Cheng Ke, looked at the nine Demon Monarch Cat phantoms that had manifested in the rain. Although he had unleashed all his Quintessential Essence and forbidden Godfiend spells, he still felt death approaching. The thin and weak figure behind him—Fu Nuo, another Indestructible Godfiend—was even more nervous. She glanced at their fallen comrade in grief.

“Junior Sister Fu, it looks like I won’t be able to protect you.” Cheng Ke felt disconsolate.

Fu Nuo’s face was filled with determination. “Senior Brother Cheng, every demon monarch we kill counts.”

Cheng Ke held a long spear in his hand. He liked this junior sister a lot, and he had thought that he was strong enough to protect Fu Nuo. He had tried his best to woo Fu Nuo. He had never expected to encounter Demon Monarch Cat and two other demon monarchs in the city’s eastern district.

Pfft.

The nine Demon Monarch Cat phantoms’ claws swiped past Cheng Ke’s long spear and struck his chest. Although Cheng Ke’s inner armor protected him somewhat, he still staggered back a few steps. He spat out a mouthful of blood as a look of terror appeared on his face. “Junior Sister Fu!”

Since he had staggered backward, Fu Nuo—who he had been protecting—was placed in a perilous situation. Fu Nuo—an Indestructible Godfiend that specialized in illusions—was far inferior to the three demon monarchs in head-on combat.

“Die you blasted Mirage Fiend.” Demon Monarch Cat wanted to kill the female Godfiend the most, but the other two Godfiends had been protecting her.

“Female Godfiend.” A rhinoceros demon charged forward with a large hammer.

A demon monarch also hid underground, waiting for their chance to attack.

Demon Monarch Cat suddenly turned his head. Huh? He saw a bolt of lightning in the distant rain approaching them! He could see a blurry figure amidst the lightning!

Lightning Devastator Fiend Body! Demon Monarch Cat’s fur stood on end. Only Godfiends with Lightning Devastator Fiend Bodies were adept at controlling lightning and capable of moving at such speeds.

Huh? The Indestructible Mirage Fiend, Fu Nuo, saw the scene play out.

A saber beam sliced through the rain and struck Demon Monarch Cat. However, the body dissipated into nothingness.

Nine Demon Monarch Cat phantoms appeared as he retreated rapidly. Demon Monarch Cat loudly shouted, “It’s Meng Chuan!”

Only a handful of Great Solar Godfiends had cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, and there was only one who was so powerful and used saber arts—Meng Chuan with his perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body!

He dodged it? Meng Chuan—who was bathed in lightning—looked at Demon Monarch Cat with surprise. He could sense the strength of Demon Monarch Cat’s aura with his perception domain. Demon Monarch Cat was likely a third Firmament elite demon monarch! However, Demon Monarch Cat’s agility surprised Meng Chuan.

Boom! Boom!

Two blinding saber beams streaked across the sky. One saber beam struck the hammer-wielding rhinoceros demon—who tried to block the saber beam with his hammer—but his hammer was sent flying as he smashed through multiple residential compound walls. The rhinoceros demon coughed twice before falling silent. He had died on the spot.

The other saber beam struck the ground, forming a ravine. It struck the black-robed demon monarch—who was hiding underground—causing him to explode.

Ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs could not withstand a single strike from Meng Chuan.

Not good. Demon Monarch Cat didn’t hesitate to flee. His nine phantoms fled in all directions.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Meng Chuan split into nine figures. They moved even faster than Demon Monarch Cat. Each figure cleaved at one of Demon Monarch Cat’s phantoms.

Pfft. Finally, Demon Monarch Cat’s true body was injured. Demon Monarch continued fleeing again with a whoosh.

Oh? Meng Chuan frowned slightly. Demon Monarch Cat was the fastest and most agile third Firmament demon monarch he had ever encountered. He had extremely tenacious vitality as well. Originally, he thought he could suppress his opponent and kill him in two or three moves, but to his surprise, the other party put up a fierce struggle.

He’s too fast. I actually encountered someone faster than me. He forcefully cracked my strongest Illusory Body Demon Art with his speed. Demon Monarch Cat reeled in anxiety.

Demon Monarch Cat’s expression suddenly changed. Huh? As Meng Chuan rapidly approached and released some baneful aura, Demon Monarch Cat could feel a bone-chilling coldness. This chill only affected him slightly, but what made Demon Monarch Cat despair the most was the saber that appeared in front of him instantaneously. This strike was much more terrifying than the ones before.

The black baneful aura quickly retracted into Meng Chuan’s body as Demon Monarch Cat’s head flew up.

Meng Chuan glanced at the two Godfiends behind him—Cheng Ke and Fu Nuo. “Hurry up and leave the eastern district. Leave it to me.”

“Yes, Senior Brother Meng,” Cheng Ke and Fu Nuo immediately replied.

Following that, they saw Meng Chuan disappear into the rain with a flash.

They were astounded by Meng Chuan’s display of strength. Two third Firmament demon monarchs had been killed with a single strike. Even the mighty Demon Monarch Cat had been killed in the blink of an eye.

As expected of Archean Mountain’s famous genius, Senior Brother Meng. Meng Chuan had been the most famous disciple when Fu Nuo was still cultivating at Archean Mountain.

“Let’s leave quickly.” Cheng Ke and Fu Nuo first settled their companion’s corpse. Ignoring their grief, they headed straight for the city’s western district.

...

That Demon Monarch Cat actually forced me to use the Power of Essence Soul. If Meng Chuan hadn’t used the Power of Essence Soul—considering Demon Monarch Cat’s demonic spells and life-preservation abilities—he probably would’ve exchanged over ten blows with Demon Monarch Cat before killing him. However, Meng Chuan knew that the Godfiends in the eastern district were being slain one after another. He had to stop the losses as soon as possible.

Of course, he had only fused the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence. With his powerful Essence Soul, such a move was not very draining on his reserves.

Meng Chuan searched for the strongest Godfiend killer. As he did so, he killed any demon monarchs he encountered immediately.

“Let’s quickly meet up with Junior Brother Meng!” Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang were stronger than Meng Chuan. When the demon monarchs invaded, they immediately left the manor and used their tokens to locate Meng Chuan. They had rushed to the south, hoping to meet up with him.

However, the duo was much slower than Meng Chuan. On their way, they discovered Godfiends in the eastern district being killed one after another. At that moment, Meng Chuan had already finished killing the demon monarchs in the southern district and was rushing towards the eastern district.

“Junior Brother Meng has reached the city’s eastern district.” Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang quickly rushed towards Meng Chuan once they confirmed his location.

“There are demon monarchs here.” Yang Fang saw three demon monarchs crazily storming a tunnel and slaughtering mortals.

“Humph.” The white-haired Zhang Yunfeng’s eyes turned cold. The three demon monarchs—that were roughly a kilometer away—suddenly saw white. Countless white threads instantly penetrated and killed the three demon monarchs.

With the Indestructible Divine Body—which was the strongest at domains in the Quintessential Essence cultivation system—coupled with his Greater Master of the Realm of Dao and domain, Zhang Yunfeng was stronger than newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends. He could even kill Demon Monarch Cat instantly! Meng Chuan would have to flee when facing Zhang Yunfeng. He didn’t dare be trapped within Zhang Yunfeng’s domain.

“Let’s hurry up. The Godfiends in the east are dying too quickly. The death rate far exceeds the other places in Jiang State Capital. I’m worried that there’s a fourth Firmament Skydemon or fourth Firmament demon monarch there.” Zhang Yunfeng’s eyes were filled with worry. “If that’s the case, Junior Brother Meng will be in grave danger. We are old, so we have to protect Junior Brother Meng no matter what.”

“Yes.” Yang Fang nodded as well.

The duo followed the token’s indications, transformed into a blur, and rushed towards Meng Chuan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174 - The Fourth Firmament Skydemons Pursuit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blackwater Palace Lord walked through the rain. As Skydemon Sect’s Blackwater lineage’s most accomplished person, he liked the rain a lot.

He still remembered that he had once killed all his enemies—an entire family—in heavy rain and was wanted by the imperial government. As a result, he joined the Skydemon Sect.

Soon... The demons’ advantage is growing. It won’t take long before my Skydemon Sect’s dream will come true. Blackwater Palace Lord’s eyes were filled with anticipation. The demons’ Imperial Lord has sent a Demon Sacred Monument to Skydemon Sect from beyond the heavens.

The sacred monument contains the promise between the demons and the Skydemon Sect. It states that humans will become one of the demon race’s Hundred Races. The demons’ Imperial Lord would then give ten percent of the human realm to the Skydemon Sect forever, allowing the Skydemon Sect to rule over the humans for all eternity. The Godfiends would completely vanish, and the Skydemon lineage would become the only human heritage.

We don’t have to hide in the darkness forever. Blackwater Palace Lord naturally didn’t want to keep hiding like a mouse. He was clearly a fourth Firmament Skydemon. What kind of power and status did Marquis Godfiends—that were on the same level as him—enjoy? Yet, Skydemons had to live in fear. They had to live underground because they were likely to be discovered by patrolling Godfiends.

We will truly rule over humanity. Furthermore, humans will become one of the Hundred Races, a part of the demons. Blackwater Palace Lord walked barefoot in the rain.

With a wave of his hand, a stream of water flew out and pierced through three Godfiends in the distance! The three Godfiends’ eyes were filled with despair and disbelief. They knew that many Godfiends had died in battle while defending against the demons. They also knew that one day, they might die in battle. However, they never expected to die before even seeing the demons.

Blackwater didn’t spare another glance at the three Godfiends and continued walking.

Demon Monarch Cat is dead? Blackwater Palace Lord looked into the distance and frowned slightly. He immediately moved towards Demon Monarch Cat’s last known location.

Through his token, Meng Chuan had noticed three Godfiends had died simultaneously. Therefore, he had used the Power of Essence Soul to kill Demon Monarch Cat quickly before rushing over.

The lightning bolt rushed through the rain at an astonishing speed.

Huh? Blackwater Palace Lord saw the blurry figure within the lightning. For a Great Solar Godfiend to have the speed of a fifth Firmament demon monarch, that must be Archean Mountain’s Meng Chuan. The corners of Blackwater Palace Lord’s lips curled up slightly. I’ve reeled in a big fish! This big fish is ordinary in every other aspect, but his speed is astonishing. I can’t scare him away.

Blackwater Palace Lord took the initiative to meet the bolt of lightning.

The distance between the two rapidly shrank. Meng Chuan didn’t notice Blackwater Palace Lord even when they were less than half a kilometer from each other. Meng Chuan could perceive auras within a kilometer of himself, but his sensory ability wasn’t omnipotent. He had known this since he had been on Archean Mountain.

As long as Marquis and Regis Godfiends reigned in their auras completely, he wouldn’t be able to detect them with his Essence Soul. It was as though they didn’t exist in the world. With his second-level Essence Soul, Meng Chuan would only discover Marquis and Regis Godfiends if they were within 200 feet of him.

It was the same for Blackwater Palace Lord. He had completely disappeared. One could not see him with the naked eye! Nor could one sense his aura!

It’s in this direction! If the enemy can instantly kill Godfiends, it’s probably a demon monarch with a divine power. It might even be a terrifying fourth Firmament existence. Meng Chuan held Demon Slayer in his hand and rushed towards the dead Godfiends. Although in a hurry, he moved cautiously. However, he didn’t know that the Blackwater Palace Lord was already very close to him.

Now’s the time. Blackwater Palace Lord and Meng Chuan moved towards each other. The latter moved at an astonishing speed while the former suddenly increased his speed. With a flip of his hands, Blackwater Palace Lord held a Water Splitter in each hand. This was the first time he had used a weapon since he entered the Jiang State Capital. Meng Chuan was worthy of him using his weapon.

Boom!

Blackwater Palace Lord—who had transformed into a blurry phantom—naturally couldn’t conceal his aura after his sudden increase in speed.

What? Meng Chuan—who had been traveling at high speed—suddenly noticed an aura fluctuation roughly 500 feet away. As they moved towards each other, the enemy appeared in front of him in the blink of an eye.

At this moment, Meng Chuan’s speed was being used against him by the other party.

Meng Chuan could sense all things within 200 feet of him, which meant he could sense his assailant clearly.

A bald, black-robed man thrust a Water Splitter towards Meng Chuan. The Water Splitter seemed to pierce through the void. Meng Chuan felt a chill after sensing the attack’s might with his perception domain.

He could die! If he couldn’t withstand the attack, he would definitely die! The Diamond Body only matched the strength of a Great Solar Godfiend. Although it was tough and powerful, a fourth Firmament Skydemon was attacking him with immense killing intent. If Blackwater Palace Lord struck Meng Chuan in a vital point like the head, he would die instantly even with the Diamond Body.

Boom!

The attack was too sudden! It was too close!

Meng Chuan didn’t even have time to use a forbidden Godfiend spell. He could only fuse the Power Of Essence Soul with his body and Great Solar Quintessential Essence, and unleash his full strength!

Red Lotus Stance! Meng Chuan used all his strength as he tried to change the direction in which he was moving.

The advantage of fusing the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence was that one he perceived a threat with his perception domain, his Essence Soul could react accordingly. Once this fusion had occurred, he no longer relied on his nerves to control his body. Instead, his Essence Soul would control his body and Quintessential Essence directly. This caused his reaction speed to be extremely fast.

However, even though he reacted extremely quickly, he barely managed to execute the Red Lotus Stance.

Clang!

The Water Splitter stabbed at Demon Slayer.

I blocked it! Before Meng Chuan could rejoice, he felt Demon Slayer being pushed to the side. That terrifying might completely crushed him.

In terms of move profundity, his opponent’s attack exceeded his Red Lotus Stance. In terms of strength, he was crushed overwhelmingly.

However, Meng Chuan’s best trait—his speed—showed its usefulness at the critical moment. Although his opponent stood above him in every other aspect, although he could taste the blood in his mouth, he borrowed his opponent’s strength to retreat!

Pfft. The Water Splitter still pierced through Meng Chuan’s dark-cyan robe, but Meng Chuan had already retreated rapidly.

Huh? Blackwater Palace Lord was somewhat astonished. His attack hadn’t just been him thrusting Water Splitter with his right hand; he had also thrust the Water Splitter in his left hand secretly! However, Meng Chuan’s rapid retreat caused the attack to miss.

Blackwater Palace Lord instantly changed moves. With the Water Splitter in his left hand, he struck out with all his might. With a boom, the Water Splitter caused the void to distort as Blackwater Palace Lord charged at Meng Chuan.

The retreating Meng Chuan instinctively swung his saber to block the attack, producing a loud clang. The Water Splitter was surrounded by water, so even though it was blocked, Blackwater Palace Lord’s attack still struck Meng Chuan’s chest. Meng Chuan was unable to use his movement technique to divert the force.

Meng Chuan flew backward at an even faster speed.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

He charged through the residences and trees behind him!

Cough! Cough! Cough! Meng Chuan spat out mouthfuls of blood as he fell into the ruins. His robe had been completely torn apart. His inner armor had caved in; cracks could be seen on it. Luckily, his inner armor hadn’t shattered. However, the attack’s impact left Meng Chuan’s organs extremely uncomfortable. Thankfully, I have the Diamond Body. Otherwise, my Godfiend body organs would be crushed by the impact. I would have died.

Meng Chuan immediately sensed that the bald, black-robed Blackwater Palace Lord’s blurry figure was approaching and delivering another attack.

Blackwater Palace Lord’s voice rang out. “You aren’t dead?”

At the same time, a gigantic black tail streaked across the sky. The tail carried force much more ferocious than the Water Splitter. It swept towards Meng Chuan in a bid to pulverize him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175 - Escape
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 175: Escape

Meng Chuan was glad he was wearing protective inner armor. Although his internal organs were in pain from the impact, his body remained intact, and he maintained his full strength.

He had immediately used a forbidden Godfiend spell when he was sent flying through the many residences and trees! Because he knew he would die if he didn’t do so.

If I don’t risk my life, I might really die here. Meng Chuan still had many things he hadn’t done, so he naturally wasn’t willing to just give up and die here.

Boom!

The gigantic black snake tail swept across the sky, sweeping across the ruins where Meng Chuan was.

Meng Chuan—who was lying on the ground—unleashed his full strength. He fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence. After pushing his forbidden spell to the maximum, his movement speed reached its limits. The black snake’s tail swept across the tail, but it only landed on Meng Chuan’s afterimages. Meng Chuan’s true body was already three feet away. He had barely escaped the attack.

He actually managed to dodge it? Blackwater Palace Lord stood in the ruins. A long black tail—over 100 feet long—had grown from his coccyx. This was his half-demon form—his strongest form.

At that moment, Blackwater Palace Lord’s eyes were filled with shock. He was shocked that Meng Chuan didn’t die. However, he was certain that even if Meng Chuan didn’t die, he would definitely be severely injured! He was only a Great Solar Godfiend. He cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body that was known for its speed. It was very ordinary when it came to physical defense. With his fourth Firmament Skydemon strength, even if he didn’t crack the armor, the impact was very likely to kill Meng Chuan. Even if he didn’t die from the impact, he would be close to death with severe injuries.

Meng Chuan—who was supposed to be heavily injured—actually unleashed such shocking speed? He had managed to dodge his snake tail attack?

Run. Meng Chuan dodged the black tail and frantically fled into the distance, trying to put distance between them.

It was a simple exchange of blows. However, he was still at an absolute disadvantage despite using his full strength! He could only attack eight times with his maximum strength—the fusion of Power Of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence—even though his Essence Soul had been improving in the two years since he left the mountain. Now that he had attacked three times with maximum strength, what else could he do besides escape?

“Can you escape?” Blackwater Palace Lord’s voice resounded in the ruined streets.

Oh? Meng Chuan’s expression changed.

Not only was Blackwater Palace Lord chasing after him, but the rain was suddenly being controlled. Furthermore, water from the nearby river also flew up.

A mighty stream of water—spanning half a kilometer—enveloped Meng Chuan from all directions, seeking to trap him within its watery depths.

As a person with extraordinary speed, Meng Chuan was most afraid of a domain! When obstructed by a domain, his speed decreased substantially.

I can’t let him get close to me. If he gets close, even if I unleash my Power of Essence Soul, I won’t be able to withstand many blows. I’ll lose my life. Meng Chuan understood this very well.

Blackwater Palace Lord was considered average among the eleven fourth Firmament Skydemons. According to Archean Mountain’s intelligence, his strength was at the level of a Marquis Godfiend. However, unlike Meng Chuan, Yang Fang, and Zhang Yunfeng, Blackwater Palace Lord was a fourth Firmament Skydemon. He was rather powerful in all aspects after becoming a fourth Firmament Skydemon.

Domain, long-range attacks, melee combat, physical body, demonic powers, and realm. He wasn’t particularly dazzling in any of the aspects when compared to those of similar strength, but he was still quite strong in every aspect.

What about Meng Chuan?

Even when using forbidden Godfiend spells and other means, he barely reached the Marquis Godfiend threshold. Apart from being fast, he was mediocre in all other aspects. In terms of realm, he was completely overwhelmed by his opponent! As a fourth Firmament Skydemon, Blackwater Palace Lord had reached the Marquis Godfiend threshold. He had attained Greater Mastery of the Realm of Dao, while Meng Chuan only had Greater Mastery of Saber Soul. The difference was too great. Therefore, his Red Lotus Stance was easily broken through. The difference in realm made his Black Metal Sutra move useless.

In terms of his moves’ strength? It was mediocre. Blackwater Palace Lord completely overwhelmed him.

Meng Chuan’s only advantage was in his speed. His saber art and movement techniques were faster, and he was much faster than Blackwater Palace Lord. However, with the difference in realm, Blackwater Palace Lord could break Meng Chuan’s saber arts easily.

Therefore, melee combat meant death!

Boom!

Water continued to surround Meng Chuan as he fled from Blackwater Palace Lord.

When the water stream domain approached, Meng Chuan suddenly released a black baneful aura that spread in all directions. The extreme cold caused the water to freeze! Although Meng Chuan had attempted to absorb the Quiescence Frost baneful aura, he was unable to absorb it even with the Diamond Body. He probably needed his body cultivation to reach the next realm before he could try again. But even so, Meng Chuan’s baneful aura domain was rather powerful among Great Solar Godfiends.

The moment the water froze into ice—

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Seven condensed streams of water charged into the baneful aura domain like flood dragons and attacked Meng Chuan.

The seven flood dragons weren’t a large-scale water domain. Instead, they were water streams controlled by Blackwater Palace Lord’s demonic powers. Its strength was much greater, and the baneful aura didn’t freeze it.

This Blackwater Palace Lord is trying to stop me. If he catches up to me, I’m finished. Meng Chuan didn’t slow down, but his movements became more unpredictable.

Whoosh!

Instantly, numerous phantoms appeared, causing the flood dragons to fail to block him. Even if a flood dragon occasionally blocked Meng Chuan’s true body, it would be torn apart by Meng Chuan’s saber.

Although he couldn’t defeat Blackwater Palace Lord in close combat, how could a long-distance attack faze him?

As he fled, Meng Chuan only fused the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence. He did not fuse it with his body anymore! The Power of Essence Soul would not last long if he fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence.

Even while dodging the flood dragons, Meng Chuan’s retreat remained quite fast.

Soon. I’ve already fled 1000 feet away. As long as we are half a kilometer away from one another, his attacks will be much weaker. He won’t be able to threaten me then. Meng Chuan continued to speed forward.

He sure is slippery. Unfortunately, other than being fast, he isn’t a threat. Blackwater frowned when he saw the distance between him and Meng Chuan grow further. Finally, he threw his two Water Splitters—which pursued Meng Chuan at extremely fast speeds.

Blackwater Palace Lord’s weapons? Meng Chuan was alarmed.

The two Water Splitters flew through the sky much faster than Meng Chuan. They quickly caught up with him. The water streams soon formed hands. Each of the two hands grabbed a Water Splitter and executed exquisite killer moves. The two Water Splitters caused the void to distort every time they struck. The attacks were unpredictable and difficult to deal with. The Water Splitter’s speed kept up with Meng Chuan even while attacking.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Meng Chuan moved like a ghost as he passed through buildings on the streets. He also used the Red Lotus Stance to block the Water Splitters.

Jiang State Capital had a very dense population. Every inch of land was worth its weight in gold. Buildings were densely packed together. Since Meng Chuan used the Swallow Stance to flee, he traversed the residential area unpredictably. The two water Splitters destroyed the buildings as they pursued Meng Chuan. Long-distance control was naturally inferior to close-range control. Furthermore, with many buildings in the way, the Water Splitters’ strength was reduced once again. It was naturally difficult to stop Meng Chuan like this.

1,200 feet, 1,300 feet. I’ll soon escape from his domain. Meng Chuan grew in confidence.

Damn it. Blackwater Palace Lord held the Water Splitters from afar. However, he was unable to shorten the distance between them. He was very anxious.

At this moment, he cast a forbidden spell! Demonic energy surged!

Water Cage Lock! Blackwater Palace Lord used his full strength.

Swish! Swish!

The two Water Splitters increased in speed and strength once again. They curved around Meng Chuan multiple times in an attempt to obstruct him. The Water Splitters appeared and vanished without a trace; they could attack from all directions at any given moment, even from beneath! Meng Chuan spent more effort to block the Water Splitters, slowing his retreat down. Blackwater Palace Lord never slowed down. In fact, after using a forbidden spell, his speed increased by 30 percent!

I can’t slow down. Meng Chuan knew his current situation. They were only 1,300 feet apart. If he were to slow down, he would be caught in seconds.

I’ll give it my all! Meng Chuan fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential essence. Although the expenditure of the Power of Essence Soul increased, Meng Chuan’s strength and speed increased significantly.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

As he blocked the Water Splitters, his speed increased.

1,400 feet, 1,500 feet!

“Stop!” Blackwater Palace Lord’s expression turned ferocious.

With his full strength, Meng Chuan was finally half a kilometer away from Blackwater Palace Lord. The two Water Splitters—held by the floating water—stopped.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan widened the half-kilometer gap without any obstruction. With a flash, he was a kilometer away. Meng Chuan landed on the roof of a restaurant and looked at Blackwater Palace Lord from a distance. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief. I survived!

His Power of Essence Soul reserves had been depleted by 70 percent. He only had 30 percent left! He had the portrait of his wife—that he painted after their wedding—to thank for his increased Power of Essence Soul reserves. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to last for this long.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176 - Revealing Form
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 176: Revealing Form

Qiyue, if I hadn’t drawn that portrait for you and strengthened my Essence Soul, I wouldn’t have been able to escape Blackwater Palace Lord’s domain. I would have died in his hands. You are truly my lucky star. After Meng Chuan escaped, he missed his wife—who was far away in North River Pass. I wonder how Qiyue is now. At least with Marquis Heavenstar’s protection, she’s very safe.

Marquis Heavenstar was extremely powerful. He had learned just how strong Marquis Godfiends could be from the intelligence he received. After exchanging a few blows with Blackwater Palace Lord, he understood the difference in strength at a deeper level.

Even if the Power of Essence Soul is powerful, I would have been killed by Blackwater Palace Lord from the very beginning if I didn’t have the Diamond Body. It’s already tough for me to face Blackwater Palace Lord with my present strength. I won’t be the match of any fourth Firmament demon monarch or Marquis Godfiend in a one-on-one fight.

In the three major cultivation systems, the Skydemon system was the weakest.

The weakest Marquis Godfiend—the Marquis Godfiend threshold—was as strong as the weakest fourth Firmament demon monarch! The two appeared to be equal, but Marquis Godfiends had Darkstar domains. They naturally held the advantage in all aspects.

As for Skydemons? The weakest fourth Firmament Skydemon had strength that was close to the weakest Marquis Godfiend. They were clearly much weaker! They didn’t have the Darkstar domain or divine powers. They were truly weak. In order for Skydemons to better infiltrate the human world and live longer, the demons focused on concealment and escaping means when creating the Skydemon system.

This was also the reason why it was the weakest among the three cultivation systems.

For instance, Blackwater Palace Lord had attained Greater Mastery of the Realm of Dao and possessed the strength of a Marquis Godfiend.

According to the intelligence, out of the 11 fourth Firmament Skydemons, three were close to a Marquis Godfiend’s strength. Five were at the Marquis Godfiend threshold. Two had the strength of ordinary Marquis Godfiends. Only one had the strength of a top Marquis Godfiend.

Of course, I’m not his match alone. Meng Chuan understood this point. The weakest fourth Firmament Skydemon has the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend when using a forbidden spell. As for me, I can’t even deliver ten strikes with all my might. I won’t last long.

That’s why when I encounter a fourth Firmament existence, there’s only one thing for me to do in a one-on-one situation—escape! If I flee far enough, the enemy won’t reach me. As Meng Chuan reflected on the battle, he continued standing on the restaurant’s roof out in the open.

...

A kilometer away, Blackwater Palace Lord turned livid.

With the huge gap between them and with Meng Chuan’s terrifying speed, he had no intention of pursuing Meng Chuan any longer.

Damn it. I sneak attacked him, but he—a Great Solar Godfiend—still managed to escape? Blackwater Palace Lord felt aggrieved. I actually failed to kill a Great Solar Godfiend who had only left Archean Mountain for a few years. If I had known this would happen, I would’ve used a forbidden spell to kill him from the beginning.

Blackwater Palace Lord felt somewhat regretful. However, there wasn’t any room for regret. Back then, he had full confidence in sneak attacking a Great Solar Godfiend as a fourth Firmament Skydemon. Immediately using a forbidden spell for such an ambush would be crazy.

For example, only after Meng Chuan had spent a lot of time dealing with Demon Monarch Cat did he finally choose to use the Power of Essence Soul. In the beginning, he was very confident. Would he immediately unleash a forbidden spell? How many times could he do this on the long path of cultivation if he were to use forbidden spells so casually? He would damage his body again and again, and his body would suffer from the side effects. It would limit his cultivation path, and even his lifespan would greatly shorten.

It was very reasonable for him not to use a forbidden spell.

This Meng Chuan sure is smug and arrogant. He’s actually standing there without leaving. Blackwater Palace Lord gritted his teeth in anger. There was nothing he could do.

...

Meng Chuan stood on the restaurant’s roof and could see the five-kilometer stretch that he had recently traversed.

Blackwater Palace Lord had pursued him for over five kilometers! Along the way, due to controlling the water—even the water from the river—the five-kilometer stretch was nothing but a mess. Fortunately, the tunnels the mortals hid in were rather deep underground. However, after they came out, all buildings within the five-kilometer stretch had to be rebuilt.

Senior Brothers Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang are only 1.5 kilometers away from me. They are almost here. Meng Chuan was delighted.

...

Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang had been trying their best to meet up with Meng Chuan. When Meng Chuan was being pursued, he fled in their direction. He also sought help through the token!

Now the two parties were very close—1.5 kilometers away from one another.

“Junior Brother Meng is requesting backup. We have to be faster.”

“With Junior Brother Meng’s speed, who can force him to seek help? A fourth Firmament Skydemon or demon monarch?”

“He’s only asking us for help. Clearly, he’s certain that the three of us can deal with the danger.”

If he knew that they couldn’t handle the threat, he would seek help from Archean Mountain directly! Many of those who had been invaded by the demons sought reinforcements from Archean Mountain. Such requests were also divided into levels. Archean Mountain sent more powerful Godfiends according to the danger level. Otherwise, if the Godfiend sent wasn’t strong enough, they would be going to their deaths.

Whoosh. Whoosh.

The duo traversed through the rain at full speed.

1.5 kilometers, 1 kilometer... The distance between them was constantly shortened.

...

Soon. Meng Chuan felt them getting closer. He had no confidence in dealing with Blackwater Palace Lord alone. Even if they couldn’t defeat him, they believed that they could stall him.

Blackwater Palace Lord is too powerful. If I allow him to stay in the city, more Godfiends will die. We have to hold him back.

Blackwater Palace Lord looked at Meng Chuan—who was one kilometer away. He rejected several plans he came up with. Meng Chuan was definitely very cautious now. There was no way he could capture him.

Humph. Blackwater Palace Lord turned to leave.

Meng Chuan deliberately laughed when he saw this. “Blackwater Palace Lord, why are you giving up so quickly? I’m only a Great Solar Godfiend. You are a fourth Firmament Skydemon. Or are Skydemons too weak?”

Blackwater Palace Lord glanced at Meng Chuan and indifferently said, “Meng Chuan, I hope you’ll still be this lucky next time.”

After saying that, the surrounding void slightly distorted as he vanished completely. At the instant he turned invisible, Meng Chuan saw Blackwater Palace Lord heading far away. Clearly, he was leaving.

“We’re here.” Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang rushed to Meng Chuan’s side.

“We have to hold him back. We can’t let him escape!” Meng Chuan grabbed each senior brother’s arm and immediately used his movement technique.

Boom!

By carrying the two of them, Meng Chuan was only at 40 percent of his normal speed. However, he was still rather fast among Marquis Godfiends. In just two flashes, Meng Chuan and company had already arrived at where Blackwater Palace Lord had vanished. Although they couldn’t see where he was, Meng Chuan only needed to reach his original spot.

Meng Chuan had already sent a voice transmission.

The white-haired Zhang Yunfeng naturally unleashed his full strength.

A vast white domain covered a radius of one kilometer from where Zhang Yunfeng stood!

A bald, black-robed man appeared half a kilometer away from Zhang Yunfeng. He looked at the countless white threads enveloping his surroundings in surprise before spotting Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang. Three Great Solar Godfiends?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177 - Confrontation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blackwater Palace Lord looked at the three Great Solar Godfiends in the distance and found them amusing. He couldn’t help but let out a low laugh. He laughed self-deprecatingly and said, “Our Skydemon Sect has been hiding all this time, preventing us fourth Firmament Skydemons from showcasing our strength. Has this given you the illusion that the three of you can block me in a head-on clash?”

The distant trio remained cautious.

“It’s Blackwater Palace Lord,” said Zhang Yunfeng via voice transmission. “We can try.”

“More Godfiends have died in battle in Jiang State Capital’s eastern district than all the other city districts combined. So there’s a fourth Firmament Skydemon hidden here.” The muscular Yang Fang’s eyes were filled with battle intent. He was the only non-Marquis Godfiend from Archean Mountain that had mastered a Great Strength Fiend Body, and he was at the Realm of Intent. Over the past few years, no one at the Great Solar realm could compete with him in strength. Now, he was itching to fight a fourth Firmament Skydemon. “Senior Brother Zhang, let me fight him head-on! I’m not afraid of him in a head-on battle.”

“Be careful. After all, he has attained Greater Mastery of the Realm of Dao,” said Meng Chuan. “His moves are extremely exquisite. He managed to crack my saber art in a single exchange.”

While the three of them were conversing, the distant Blackwater Palace Lord moved.

Whoosh.

Blackwater Palace Lord transformed into a blur as he charged at the trio. As the leader of one of Skydemon Sect’s seven lineages, how could he flee when facing three Great Solar Godfiends! He had to kill them!

“He’s coming.” Zhang Yunfeng immediately gave the order. “I’ll suppress his strength with all my might. Junior Brother Meng, act according to plan. Junior Brother Yang, take action!”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan and Yang Fang nodded.

Yang Fang’s eyes narrowed as he watched Blackwater Palace Lord—who had transformed into a blur. He lifted the two axes on his back with his Quintessential Essence and caught one with each hand! The axe’s blade was rather large, and the two axes were like huge shields when he held them in front of himself.

“Senior Brother Zhang, Junior Brother Meng, watch me.” Yang Fang’s fighting spirit surged as he took a step forward and stomped the ground. He transformed into a blur as he charged towards Blackwater Palace Lord.

Blackwater Palace Lord and Yang Fang reached each other in the blink of an eye.

Whoosh.

The surging energy in Yang Fang’s body gathered in his right hand. His right hand had already raised the large axe high as he cleaved down!

This strike produced a sanguine light! This move perfectly fused strength and technique. Even a mountain would be split apart by Yang Fang’s axe.

However, Blackwater Palace Lord confidently thought nothing of it. It was also because Yang Fang had converged his strength too seamlessly. Blackwater Palace Lord held a Water Splitter in each hand as he casually crossed the blades to block the axe.

Right at this moment—

In the distance, Zhang Yunfeng—who was skilled with domains—unleashed his domain’s full strength. As the only Great Solar Godfiend in the trio whose technique realm matched Blackwater Palace Lord’s, his domain’s strength was nothing to scoff at. He only revealed 50 percent of his strength in the beginning to trick the opponent.

At this moment, he used 100 percent of his strength, causing the domain’s suppressive powers to rise sharply!

Not good. Blackwater Palace Lord felt the pressure in the domain rapidly increase. Without time to think any further, Yang Fang’s axe struck Blackwater Palace Lord’s two Water Splitters. The immense impact caused Blackwater Palace’s body to sink into the ground. One hundred feet around Blackwater Palace Lord, the ground had sunken ten feet deep after the collision.

“Die!” Yang Fang became even more ferocious and violent. After cleaving down with his right axe, he followed up with the axe in his left hand.

Swoosh.

A blurry figure flashed, and a Water Splitter blocked the axe. Blackwater Palace Lord nimbly retracted his strength and immediately retreated far away.

Blackwater Palace Lord wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and smiled at Yang Fang before looking at Zhang Yunfeng and Meng Chuan. “You are indeed cunning. Many Marquis Godfiends’ domains aren’t as strong as yours. Your domain has greatly affected me,” said Blackwater Palace Lord when he looked at Zhang Yunfeng. Following that, his gaze landed on Yang Fang. “The strength of the Great Strength Fiend Body is also greater than I expected. There’s also Meng Chuan... You are the best at running. Why don’t you try attacking me? The domain currently suppresses me.”

Meng Chuan stood far away and ignored him.

In a life-and-death battle, he had to be rational and calm! He knew how to play to his strengths and avoid his shortcomings. Although the domain had suppressed Blackwater Palace Lord, if he were to engage in close combat, Blackwater Palace Lord would probably use a forbidden spell and attack him with all his might. It would be dangerous for him.

“How timid. Other than him, none of you dare approach me.” Blackwater looked at Yang Fang. “Great Strength Fiend Body, do you think you can defeat me?”

As he spoke, a long snake’s tail grew from his coccyx.

Swoosh.

Blackwater quickly charged towards Yang Fang. When he charged forward, he had his long tail aiding him. He could use his tail to borrow strength, so his movement techniques were much faster and more unpredictable. However, the domain greatly suppressed his strength. Otherwise, his movements would be even more unpredictable.

“Good timing.” Yang Fang was not afraid at all. He enjoyed head-on clashes since he had the Great Strength Fiend Body.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Yang Fang used two axes with both hands. The two axes worked together in an exquisite manner as he rushed forward.

However, Blackwater Palace Lord didn’t fight him head-on. Weapons like Water Splitter weren’t meant for head-on clashes. He was agile and constantly attacking, causing Yang Fang’s heart to tighten. However, his two axes were large enough, providing him with sufficient defense in a rather large area. It caused Blackwater Palace Lord’s constant attacks to fail.

Darn it. It’s all because of that old man, Zhang Yunfeng. His domain is too powerful; I can only unleash 60 percent of my strength. My strength and speed have decreased, making me incapable of defeating this Great Strength Fiend Body Godfiend. Blackwater Palace Lord was infuriated. If it were a one-on-one fight, I would have killed the Great Strength Fiend Body expert in ten moves.

Yang Fang’s heart tightened. He was extremely cautious. Having exchanged blows, he could sense how terrifying the other party was. After Zhang Yunfeng’s domain weakened the other party, Yang Fang held a huge advantage in strength, but it wasn’t a crushing advantage! Blackwater Palace Lord was stronger than him in other aspects.

In terms of movement techniques? In terms of technique’s unpredictability? In terms of attacking speed? Yang Fang could not compare to Blackwater Palace Lord in many aspects.

Thankfully, I have Senior Brother Zhang.

Zhang Yunfeng cultivated the Indestructible Divine Body. It was the best with domains among the twelve transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. His domain was so powerful that it could weaken Marquis Godfiends. The suppression on Blackwater Palace Lord was even greater. Therefore, Archean Mountain had made him lead commander in defending the city.

I have to kill this Zhang Yunfeng. He poses the greatest threat to me. Blackwater Palace Lord’s long tail and legs exerted strength. His demonic powers erupted as he transformed into a blurry phantom and charged towards Zhang Yunfeng.

Zhang Yunfeng was very old.

Blackwater Palace Lord couldn’t be bothered hunting him because Zhang Yunfeng would die from age soon! Furthermore, it was impossible for him to become a Marquis Godfiend. However, Zhang Yunfeng had become the biggest obstacle in his assault on Jiang State Capital!

“Prepare to die.” Blackwater Palace Lord charged at Zhang Yunfeng. He believed that as long as he got close, it would be easy for him to kill a domain expert. At the very least, it was very easy for Blackwater Palace Lord!

Swoosh.

A bolt of lightning flew past Blackwater Palace Lord, leaving him dumbfounded. In the blink of an eye, he arrived beside Zhang Yunfeng and Blackwater Palace Lord. It was none other than Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan grabbed Zhang Yunfeng’s arm and transformed into a bolt of lightning again. This time, his speed was slightly reduced—only 70 percent of his normal speed. However, this speed... was still the speed of a Regis Godfiend!

Whoosh.

Blackwater Palace Lord watched in a daze. Meng Chuan rushed to Zhang Yunfeng’s side and brought him to Yang Fang.

“Do you think you can injure Senior Brother Zhang while I’m here?” Meng Chuan smiled at Blackwater Palace Lord.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178 - Surrounded
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blackwater Palace Lord stared at the distant youth in tattered clothing and cracked inner armor. “Very good. Very good.” Blackwater Palace Lord burned with anger. He originally thought that Zhang Yunfeng was the greatest threat, but now, he felt the threat Meng Chuan posed was even greater! With Meng Chuan around, the Godfiends would have the upper hand. They could fight and escape as they wished, even trapping him was up to them. He had no solution against this.

“Just hold him back,” said Zhang Yunfeng via voice transmission. “With Junior Brother Meng around, he won’t be able to harm me or escape my domain.”

“In that case, he can’t threaten other Godfiends either.” Yang Fang nodded as well.

“You three Great Solar Godfiends want to trap me?” Blackwater Palace Lord’s mighty voice resounded. “Alright, I’ll satisfy you.”

Blackwater Palace Lord stood where he was. However, his snake tail—that was over 100 feet long—lashed out with terrifying might.

Boom!

The earth beneath tore apart, revealing a massive ravine that was hundreds of feet long. This ravine was 70 to 80 feet deep, revealing a tunnel beneath it! The hundred-plus mortals hidden within the tunnel had died from the impact. Blood stained the tunnel and chamber.

“Continue trapping me.” Blackwater Palace Lord’s long snake tail lashed out again as it struck another area. Similarly, a ravine spanning hundreds of feet cracked open, revealing a tunnel and chamber deep within. The mortals in the chamber died as well. Jiang State Capital’s population was rather dense. Typically, dozens of families would have large tunnels. The tunnels were hidden very well. It was difficult for lesser demons to find them, while demon monarchs had to search for them. As for Blackwater Palace Lord, he could easily sense the mortals’ auras through his Essence Soul domain.

Ordinary demon monarchs typically needed a few seconds to break into a tunnel. However, a casual strike from a fourth Firmament Skydemon could tear the earth apart and kill all the mortals inside.

In the blink of an eye, the long snake tail lashed out twice, destroying the two nearest tunnels.

“I’ll kill area by area. I’ll kill 1000, 10,000, or even 100,000.” Blackwater Palace Lord stared at the three Great Solar Godfiends coldly. “Continue trapping me.”

Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang were burning with rage when they saw this. To have mortals slaughtered in front of them meant that they were useless Godfiends!

“Damn it.” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng’s eyes turned red. As for Yang Fang—who was the most irritable—he angrily shouted, ” Skydemon, die!” He wielded his two huge axes and charged forward as a stream of light.

“Haha...” Blackwater Palace Lord moved hundreds of feet away. His long tail struck the ground once again. The ground cracked open, and nearly a hundred mortals died.

“Come and fight me!” Yang Fang roared as his aura suddenly increased. His speed increased dramatically as he overtook Blackwater Palace Lord—who was suppressed by the domain.

“A forbidden Godfiend spell?” Blackwater Palace Lord didn’t dodge. He held one Water Splitter in each hand and faced Yang Fang.

Boom! Boom!

The moment the two clashed, Blackwater Palace Lord staggered backward. With a shake of his snake tail, he immediately changed directions, dodging Yang Fang’s terrifying strike.

“Come on!” Yang Fang was extremely mad. He was fast, and his attacking speed was even faster. Blackwater Palace Lord didn’t dare parry his strikes. He was completely suppressed!

This isn’t good. His speed and movement techniques have improved. Furthermore, his strength is greater than before. Blackwater Palace Lord’s expression changed. When Yang Fang used a forbidden Godfiend spell, Blackwater Palace Lord was completely suppressed by Yang Fang and Zhang Yunfeng’s domain.

From afar, Senior Brother Zhang Yunfeng controlled the situation. When he saw this, he immediately sent a voice transmission. “Junior Brother Yang, Junior Brother Meng, we have a chance of killing this Blackwater Palace Lord. Heed my command.”

When Yang Fang attacked again with his axe⁠—

Boom!

Blackwater Palace Lord felt the pressure inside Zhang Yunfeng’s domain increase dramatically. The pressure within the domain was simply terrifying. Under the overwhelming pressure, Blackwater Palace Lord’s strength plummeted once again, reducing his strength a mere 30 percent of his original strength.

“Kill!” Zhang Yunfeng roared ferociously. His aura expanded as his skin turned red. He also used a forbidden Godfiend spell, causing the domain’s pressure to increase even further.

Not good. The instant the pressure within the domain grew, Blackwater Palace Lord was caught off-guard. Yang Fang—who also cast a forbidden Godfiend spell—had already cleaved down with his axe. This strike was meant to kill Blackwater Palace Lord!

Blackwater Palace Lord sensed incoming death. He didn’t even have time to use a forbidden spell. At the critical moment of life and death, he flicked his snake tail—which transformed into a phantom—and swept towards the axe.

Rip!

Blood splattered everywhere.

The gigantic snake tail flew up. Blackwater Palace Lord’s face turned pale. Over half of his tail had been severed, causing the remnants of his snake tail to twitch.

Boom! Blackwater Palace Lord used a forbidden spell, causing his aura to expand rapidly.

Time to leave! After casting the forbidden spell, Blackwater Palace Lord ignored everything and headed for a particular direction.

“Escaping?” Yang Fang bellowed as he chased. Zhang Yunfeng was also chasing after him.

However, after using a forbidden spell, Blackwater Palace Lord’s strength had increased tremendously. Even though the domain was terrifying, he could still unleash 80 to 90 percent of his usual speed. Such speed was even greater than Yang Fang’s and Zhang Yunfeng’s speed. It was simply thanks to the upgrade in every aspect after reaching the fourth Firmament.

As for Yang Fang and Zhang Yunfeng, they were powerful in a particular aspect and had sacrificed speed for their specialization.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Blackwater Palace Lord suddenly realized that lightning saber beams were cleaving at him.

“Meng Chuan, you can’t threaten me at all!” Blackwater Palace Lord felt contempt. He didn’t wish to attack as he ran because this would affect his speed. He decided to use his protective demonic powers to resist the strikes! This was because he felt like the saber beams were too weak to be a threat to him.

When the saber beams struck Blackwater Palace Lord, it failed to injure him. However, bouts of destructive Yin-Yang force surged into his body. Blackwater Palace Lord’s tail had been cleaved off, so when the destructive Yin-Yang force quaked Blackwater Palace Lord’s body, blood gushed out from the severed tail. This explosion within his body caused Blackwater Palace Lord to slow down significantly.

Yang Fang quickly caught up.

“Die.” Yang Fang followed Meng Chuan’s attack with an axe cleave.

Boom! Boom!

Blackwater Palace Lord—who had cast a forbidden spell—only had 80 to 90 percent of his strength when under Zhang Yunfeng’s domain. As for Yang Fang, his strength had increased far beyond normalcy.

Although the clash wasn’t like before—severing the tail with a single strike—he was still completely suppressed.

“Continue this pummeling! Die! Die!” Yang Fang went mad.

A Great Strength Fiend Body expert is too strong. I can’t last for too long. It’s all because of this domain. This domain has suppressed over half my strength. Blackwater Palace Lord turned anxious.

Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang were two of Archean Mountain’s most powerful Great Solar Godfiends. When they cooperated, they achieved excellent results since their strengths complemented one another! At that moment, they disregarded their lives and used forbidden Godfiend spells, causing Blackwater Palace Lord to face a dire situation.

Blackwater Palace Lord barely managed to block five strikes. With great difficulty, he managed to escape from Yang Fang’s assault and continued fleeing.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whosh!

Dozens of saber beams flew towards Blackwater Palace Lord.

Upon seeing the incoming saber beams, Blackwater’s heart sank. He couldn’t help but bellow angrily, “Meng Chuan, if you have the guts, fight me in close combat!” This time, he didn’t use his body to resist the saber beams. Instead, he infused his demonic powers into his Water Splitters to block the saber beams. However, doing this slowed him down. This gave Yang Fang a chance to catch up.

If I don’t resolve Meng Chuan, I won’t be able to escape. Blackwater Palace Lord understood this point. Even if he could block Meng Chuan’s saber beams, Meng Chuan could carry Yang Fang to him with his movement technique.

But how was he to deal with Meng Chuan? He couldn’t think of a solution. Blackwater Palace Lord realized that the three Great Solar Godfiend might really defeat him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179 - Peak Saber Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan could have easily caught up to Blackwater Palace Lord even while carrying Yang Fang, so why was he attacking again and again?

Almost. Just a little more. At this moment, Meng Chuan had an intense impulse. The core to his Saber Soul was demon-slaying! Upon seeing hope of killing a fourth Firmament Skydemon, Meng Chuan was extremely excited.

Killing a fourth Firmament Skydemon? This pushed Meng Chuan’s fighting spirit to the limits. His will made him strike out with his saber, causing his technique realm to rise.

Saber Soul was an amalgamation of two factors: saber techniques and one’s will. Willpower was the Saber Soul’s core, and it commandeered the saber technique. Condensed into one, they became the Saber Soul.

A strong will could naturally strengthen his saber art.

Slay! Slay! Slay! Even if it’s a fourth Firmament Skydemon, he won’t be spared as well! Meng Chuan once again struck out with his saber. He continued using the Heart Saber Stance. He delivered multiple strikes, each strike slightly improving as his saber art transformed.

His saber art became more direct! More straightforward!

His killing intent intensified!

Slay! Meng Chuan looked at Blackwater Palace Lord—who had a bloody wound cleaved open by Yang Fang’s axes. He took the opportunity to retreat before striking again.

When he delivered the seventeenth strike, Meng Chuan entered a state of enlightenment.

Boom! When the saber beam formed, it was even more condensed than his previous ones. His killing intent turned even colder.

Peak Saber Soul!

Two years after Meng Chuan left Archean Mountain—with a Black Metal Sutra’s intent guidance—he finally achieved a peak Saber Soul while encircling a fourth Firmament Skydemon.

This was considered a very high technique realm among Great Solar Godfiends. After all, any higher and it would be the Saber Dao realm. Meng Chuan had long condensed an Essence Soul. Once he achieved Saber Dao, he would become a Marquis Godfiend.

Lightning runes appeared on Meng Chuan’s back.

As a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body expert, lightning was a core power. He had imprinted Lightning Runes on his body. When lightning passed through the Lightning Runes, its strength would increase exponentially. For example, the first Lightning Rune could increase the power of lightning by three-fold. The second Lightning Rune could increase the power of lightning by ten-fold. The more lightning runes one had, the more powerful the lightning became.

Lightning Runes were split into five levels. Under normal circumstances, the first four levels corresponded with the Great Solar realm, Darkstar realm, Incessant realm, and Creation realm. The fifth level was regarded as theoretical, but Supremacy Thundergod—who created the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body formula—had reached the fifth level.

Second-level Lightning Runes required one to be at the Realm of Dao and have a first-level Essence Soul. Only then could the Lightning Runes be imprinted on one’s body.

When Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul reached the Kinesis stage, he had attempted to imprint second-level Lightning Runes. Back then, he had only attained Greater Mastery of Saber Soul, so he failed.

Whoosh.

As he had made an attempt in the past, Meng Chuan instinctively felt that he should be able to imprint second-level Lightning Runes on his body after attaining a perfected Saber Soul. His Saber Soul and the Power of the Essence Soul controlled the Quintessential Essence carefully. Within each acupoint in his body, he imprinted a complicated second-level Lightning Rune.

The Lightning Runes on his back—visible to the naked eye—became more complex and mysterious. It was if they were split into many layers. In reality, it was the runes inside his body.

It’s done. Meng Chuan was delighted.

Lightning Runes were a type of Godfiend rune. Quite a few Archean Mountain Godfiends studied Godfiend runes. For example, many Godfiend bodies—like the Phoenix Divine Body—could form divine runes as they cultivated. Generations of Godfiends studied this phenomenon and acquired much knowledge. The Lightning Runes were created by Supremacy Thundergod; they weren’t formed naturally.

It took a very long time to describe, but in seconds, a second-level Lightning Rune appeared on his back.

...

This Meng Chuan has been blocking me the entire time. Blackwater Palace Lord’s tail had been severed, and he had hideous wounds on his chest and shoulder. However, the wounds had stopped bleeding.

He shook off Yang Fang again and continued fleeing in the same direction!

Senior Brother Yang and Senior Brother Zhang are too old. They have been using forbidden Godfiend spells all this while, and it’s too heavy a burden on their bodies. Meng Chuan could tell that Yang Fang was in better shape since he was still a few decades away from his maximum lifespan. As for Zhang Yunfeng, he was too old. When using the forbidden Godfiend spell, his blood boiled, and his skin turned red. It worried Meng Chuan.

Previously, he wasn’t strong enough. Now that he had reached the peak of Saber Soul, the strength of his moves had been enhanced. After imprinting a second-level Lightning Rune, his movement speed increased once more.

This boosted Meng Chuan’s confidence.

“Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Brother Yang, I have a mystic technique that increases my strength for 30 moves! I can cooperate with Senior Brother Yang to attack this Skydemon,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission. “We must kill him within 30 moves.”

“Junior Brother Meng, don’t take the risk.” Yang Fang immediately sent a voice transmission anxiously. “We can risk our lives, but you are still young. Your strength is still a little weak. You can’t fight him head-on.”

“Let’s join forces.” Meng Chuan attacked. First, dozens of saber beams struck Blackwater Palace Lord, slowing him down. Senior Brother Yang Fang also rushed over. He tried to stop Meng Chuan with a look. “Junior Brother Meng, retreat.”

“Attack.” Meng Chuan did not retreat.

With Senior Brother Yang Fang’s help, there was indeed hope for him to kill Blackwater Palace Lord. However, it was only a chance. It was also possible that he would fail. Even if they were to kill Blackwater Palace Lord through attrition, it would probably take a very long time. He had no idea how many mortals Blackwater Palace Lord would end up killing before dying.

It was even possible that Zhang Yunfeng’s body wouldn’t be able to last until Blackwater Palace Lord died.

Now that he was powerful enough, he naturally had to take action.

Boom!

Meng Chuan’s aura expanded rapidly as he used a forbidden Godfiend spell. At the same time, he fused his Great Solar Quintessential Essence with the Power of Essence Soul.

Swallow Dragon Roar Stance!

Meng Chuan attacked.

Meng Chuan is fighting me in close combat? When he saw the lightning figure approach him, Blackwater Palace Lord was delighted instead of being alarmed. Only by killing Meng Chuan would he be able to escape this predicament.

However, he was astonished to discover eight figures appearing around him. They were extremely fast and terrifying. Swirling saber beams flew towards Blackwater Palace Lord.

Why is he faster than before? Blackwater Palace Lord panicked.

Thanks to Zhang Yunfeng’s forbidden spell, Blackwater Palace Lord was slower than usual in the domain. As for Meng Chuan? He only fused the Power of the Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence. This was a relatively low expenditure, allowing him to attack 30 times with such strength. However, each strike’s strength was no less than the maximum he could unleash previously. His attacks were more exquisite now. Second-level Lightning Runes caused the lightning around his body to flash, increasing his speed even more.

Without fusing the Power of Essence Soul or a forbidden spell, he could traverse about two kilometers in a single flash compared to his previous 1.5 kilometers per flash. His movement technique had also become more agile and faster. With this, Blackwater Palace Lord was unable to touch him.

Soon, Meng Chuan’s saber appeared in front of him. The strike caused the void to distort, reducing the 100 feet distance to just a stone’s throw.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Blackwater Palace Lord immediately brandished his Water Splitters to block the attack.

“Die.” Yang Fang’s even more terrifying axe arrived!

Blackwater Palace Lord instinctively blocked Yang Fang’s axe. Meng Chuan’s saber could injure him, but Yang Fang’s axe could kill him!

When he managed to block the axe with great difficulty, a saber beam had already penetrated his abdomen. He had let it hit him there on purpose! This was because if he had been stabbed in the head or heart, it would be even more troublesome.

Pfft. Dragon Roar Stance’s penetrative power was astonishing! The might of Meng Chuan’s strike was weak, but Blackwater Palace Lord only had 30% of his normal strength. Should he block or should he rely on his body to withstand the strike? Especially when it was a penetrative attack?

The saber beam pierced through Blackwater Palace Lord’s abdomen, causing a bloody hole to form. However, Blackwater Palace Lord manipulated his flesh and forcefully closed his wound, though this caused his face to turn paler.

He would rather withstand the saber beam than be struck by Yang Fang’s axe.

“Well done!” Yang Fang was overjoyed when he saw this.

“Surround him and kill him!” Zhang Yunfeng was extremely excited despite struggling to maintain his forbidden spell.

“Attack.” Meng Chuan didn’t stop.

When he joined forces with Yang Fang, Yang Fang attacked head-on while Meng Chuan used his terrifying speed to attack Blackwater Palace Lord. When his attacks moved at a certain speed, it was virtually impossible to block them.

If the domain wasn’t suppressing Blackwater Palace Lord, he would’ve counterattacked. However, Blackwater Palace Lord was indeed completely suppressed.

Pfft. Pfft.

He executed Dragon Roar Stance repeatedly, leaving bloody holes in Blackwater Palace Lord’s body. Blackwater Palace Lord tried his best to direct the attacks to non-vital spots, but his injuries were aggravated by such movements.

This Skydemon is really tenacious. He still isn’t dead? Meng Chuan slashed Blackwater Palace Lord’s chest. He successfully cut off the other party’s arm, sending his severed arm flying.

This darn Meng Chuan! Blackwater Palace Lord was filled with grief and indignation. However, he could not resist Yang Fang with just one arm.

Boom!

Blackwater Palace Lord’s eyes were filled with determination. He suddenly opened his mouth and spat out a black demon core. At the same time, he transformed into seven black streams of water as he frantically flew into the distance.

He wants to self-destruct his demon core. Lightning flashed across Meng Chuan’s body as he instantly grabbed Yang Fang. With a whoosh, he traveled 2000 feet to the side. Only then did the demon core explode! Blackwater Palace Lord didn’t ignite his demon core too early, afraid that he would end up killing himself.

As a Skydemon, his physical body was his primary source of strength. Although the cost of losing a demon core was huge, he could still live.

Blackwater Palace Lord only wanted to live!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180 - Turned to Dust
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just as he moved 2,000 feet to the side, Meng Chuan saw the black demon core explode.

Boom!

The demon core contained the cultivation of a fourth Firmament Skydemon. The moment it exploded, everything within 1000 feet was reduced to dust. Thankfully, Zhang Yunfeng’s domain suppressed the explosion as much as possible. Otherwise, the destructive power would be much greater.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Seven black streams of water frantically fled in all directions. Although they were slightly affected by the explosion, the impact at the explosion’s periphery was very small. The demon core’s explosion was most intense in the center.

The demon core forced them to hide far away. I even produced embodiments to aid in my retreat. Meng Chuan won’t be able to find my true body immediately. I might be able to escape. Blackwater hid in a black stream of water as he frantically fled.

You want to flee? With a thought, the white-haired elder, Zhang Yunfeng, summoned nine sword beams in the white domain. The nine sword beams pursued the seven black streams of water. Zhang Yunfeng was extremely confident. My Nine Absolute Sword Formation isn’t very powerful, but it can still destroy your embodiments.

Although he was mainly skilled in domains, he had figured out the Nine Absolute Sword Formation via his domain. The swords were condensed from Quintessential Essence. The Nine Absolutes Sword Formation also had strength close to that of a Marquis Godfiend.

What? Blackwater was alarmed.

The sword beams pursued the black streams of water. In the blink of an eye, six black streams of water dissipated. Only the black stream that hid Blackwater Palace Lord’s true body remained, slowly distorting to reveal his body.

What do I do? What do I do? Blackwater Palace Lord had detonated his demon core. His embodiments had been seen through. He reeled in anxiety. How could his speed compare to Meng Chuan’s speed?

“Skydemon, a year from today, it will be your death anniversary!” Meng Chuan quickly rushed over with Yang Fang.

Water Escape! In his panic, Blackwater Palace Lord had no other choice but to use the river to escape.

Swoosh.

He frantically rushed towards the nearest river.

Within Zhang Yunfeng’s domain, the chances of Water Escape being successful were slim, but it was Blackwater Palace Lord’s only option.

“Be careful. Blackwater Palace Lord is Blackwater lineage’s most powerful expert. He’s best at escaping in water,” warned Meng Chuan immediately via voice transmission.

“Don’t worry.” Zhang Yunfeng was confident. “I won’t make such a mistake.”

The nearest river was about 500 feet wide. It was a relatively wide river in the city.

Before Meng Chuan and Yang Fang arrived in front of Blackwater Palace Lord, Blackwater Palace Lord charged! His body transformed into a black stream of water as he pounced towards the raging river.

Swoosh! The river in front of him suddenly parted. Blackwater Palace Lord failed to touch the water when he jumped towards the river.

Meng Chuan was the first to catch up. A saber beam had already swept over.

Blackwater Palace Lord glared at the parted river angrily. With his remaining hand holding a Water Splitter, he barely managed to fend off Meng Chuan’s saber beam. Without his demon core, his strength dropped drastically. He found it even more difficult to deal with Meng Chuan. At that moment, he barely managed to block two strikes before lunging at the river. He even allowed Meng Chuan’s saber to stab into his thigh as he transformed into water and successfully entered the river.

I’m in. Blackwater Palace Lord plunged into the river and felt a sliver of hope. Water Escape! Escape!

With the water escape technique, his speed increased several times. But suddenly, he was astonished to discover that this half-kilometer river floated up. Furthermore, the water had been divided into 18! Some divisions were only tens of feet long, whilst the longest was roughly 300 feet long. The divided river floated in mid-air as they were split apart by Zhang Yunfeng’s domain.

The black liquid formed by Blackwater Palace Lord was hidden within one of the portions. He couldn’t escape into the other portions.

“You still wish to escape in my domain?” Zhang Yunfeng rapidly approached him with confidence in his eyes.

He diced up the segment that contained Blackwater Palace Lord, forcing Blackwater Palace Lord to reveal himself.

“Die.” Yang Fang and Meng Chuan attacked again.

“No—” Blackwater revealed a look of despair. He had lost most of his strength after detonating his demon core. He was barely able to deal with Meng Chuan when suppressed by the domain. His lacking strength against Yang Fang didn’t need further exposition.

In two exchanges, he narrowly dodged two attacks.

Whoosh!

Blackwater Palace Lord failed to dodge the next axe swing. It swept across his waist and sliced through his body!

Blackwater Palace Lord’s upper and lower body separated.

“Freeze.” He immediately controlled his body, making his lower and upper body fly towards one another in a bid to reconnect. With his attainments in his body cultivation, he had tenacious vitality. Unless a vital point—like the head—was struck, he wouldn’t die so easily. “Fix.”

Zhang Yunfeng stood by the side, and with a thought, the vast white domain bound Blackwater Palace Lord’s lower and upper body, preventing them from reconnecting.

Pfft. A saber beam flashed from behind, crossing 100 feet. It pierced through the back of Blackwater Palace Lord’s head and exited from his glabella!

Blackwater Palace Lord’s eyes widened. At this moment, numerous scenes surfaced in his mind...

That night, it was raining heavily. He slaughtered his enemy’s entire family. He left corpses strewn on the ground as he laughed maniacally in the heavy rain. He eventually became a Skydemon during a competition between Skydemon Sect disciples.

Skydemons cultivated imperfect formulas. Blackwater Palace Lord forged his cultivation path through trial and error. He even forced his fellow disciples to carry out experiments, thus eliminating the incorrect methods. This allowed him to constantly grow stronger, leading to his rise as Blackwater lineage’s strongest expert.

Only when I’m alive will the world have meaning. When I’m dead! Who cares what happens!

Blackwater Palace Lord became a fourth Firmament Skydemon and one of the world’s truly powerful figures. At that moment, he yearned to stand under the sun and truly rule over countless citizens. He did not want to hide in the darkness all the time.

One day, the demons’ Imperial Lord sent the Demon Sacred Monument from beyond the heavens to the Skydemon Sect. The promise engraved on it allowed him to see hope.

Humanity would become one of the demons’ Hundred Races. Ten percent of the world’s territory would be designated to the Skydemon Sect and would rule over it forever. The Skydemon lineage would be the only cultivation system for humans. As the leader of one of the seven lineages, Blackwater Palace Lord would become one of the humans’ rulers.

He saw hope. He knew that this was his goal for the future.

Pfft.

The saber tore through Blackwater Palace Lord’s glabella.

Blackwater Palace Lord felt his body turn cold as his consciousness began to dissipate. His life finally came to an end. Following that, he felt his Essence Soul and flesh being devoured crazily. His consciousness sank into the endless darkness...

...

Mmm? When Demon Slayer pierced Blackwater Palace Lord’s head, he discovered that Demon Slayer was beginning to devour the Skydemon’s body crazily. Even his lower body was being devoured. Blood-colored waves constantly surged into Demon Slayer. Ever since he obtained Demon Slayer, apart from Demon Monarch Lion, Blackwater Palace Lord was the second person Demon Slayer took the initiative to absorb.

In just a few seconds, Blackwater Palace Lord was reduced to nothingness. He vanished from the world. All that was left were the Water Splitters and his other artifacts.

Meng Chuan, Yang Fang, and Zhang Yunfeng stood together. They stopped their forbidden Godfiend spells and watched Blackwater Palace Lord dissipate.

“He’s dead?” Yang Fang whispered softly. He still found it unbelievable despite killing Blackwater Palace Lord.

“He’s dead. My Demon Slayer completely devoured him,” said Meng Chuan.

“He’s been reduced to dust,” said Zhang Yunfeng.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181 - The Great Zhous Situation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 181: The Great Zhou’s Situation

The wrinkles on Zhang Yunfeng’s face deepened, looking like he had aged considerably. However, he smiled happily. “I have one foot in the coffin; yet, I managed to kill a fourth Firmament Skydemon! This is the strongest opponent I’ve ever killed in my entire life.”

“Me too!” Yang Fang carried his two large axes and smiled. “Previously, these fourth Firmament Skydemons were extremely cunning. It would be difficult to encounter them. They only dare to appear now because Marquis Godfiends are guarding the various medium-sized city passes. Furthermore, there’s Senior Brother Zhang and Junior Brother Meng! Only with the three of us working together did we manage to kill a fourth Firmament Skydemon.”

“If not for the two of you, I would be fleeing from him,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“Without Junior Brother Meng, he would have long fled,” said Yang Fang.

“Stop flattering each other! The three of us worked together to kill Blackwater Palace Lord.” Zhang Yunfeng smiled.

Mmm?

Meng Chuan and company suddenly looked up.

A man with a pair of Quintessential Essence wings on his back descended.

“Greetings, Senior Brothers.” A few Great Solar Godfiends had Quintessential Essence Wings. For example, Liu Qiyue’s Phoenix Divine Body was capable of producing one.

“Junior Brother Mo.” Zhang Yunfeng, Meng Chuan, and Yang Fang looked at him.

“During our pursuit of the demon monarchs and Skydemons in Jiang State Capital, we discovered a piece of intelligence. The leader of the invasion is a fourth Firmament Skydemon, Blackwater Palace Lord. Therefore, Dean Chang sent me over immediately. I saw Senior Brother Zhang’s domain envelop an area spanning several kilometers. The commotion caused the ground to quake violently. Were you dealing with Blackwater Palace Lord?”

Zhang Yunfeng said with a smile, “Yes, but the trouble has been resolved.”

“It’s been resolved? Where’s Blackwater Palace Lord? Has he escaped?” asked the winged man urgently.

“He didn’t escape. He’s right there.” Zhang Yunfeng pointed to a nearby spot where the Water Splitters and other items remained.

The winged man was puzzled.

“His weapons and other items are still here. As for his body, it has turned to dust.” Zhang Yunfeng smiled happily and asked, “By the way, how’s the situation in the city’s other regions?”

Meng Chuan and Yang Fang weren’t in a rush to help. With their tokens, they knew that no more Godfiends were dying in the city.

“The situation is pretty good,” explained the winged man immediately. “Senior Brother Meng killed a group of demon monarchs in the south very quickly. The danger in the east was also resolved by the three of you. The other Godfiends mainly dealt with the city’s northern and western regions. We have an advantage in overall strength. Our Great Solar Godfiends are also relatively stronger. Only a few Skydemons and demon monarchs escaped.”

“Most Godfiends were killed in the city’s eastern region,” whispered the winged man.

Zhang Yunfeng and Meng Chuan sighed secretly.

“It was unlikely they could escape when they encountered Blackwater Palace Lord.” Zhang Yunfeng shook his head.

Meng Chuan nodded as well. Even he had nearly lost his life after being ambushed by Blackwater Palace Lord. Let alone the ordinary Godfiends.

“Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Brother Yang, I’ll head elsewhere in the city to take a look,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ll patrol the area and quickly kill all the demons as soon as possible.”

“Junior Brother, be careful,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile.

“Young people are different. He can go back into the fight right after using forbidden Godfiend spells,” said Yang Fang with a smile.

Meng Chuan nodded as lightning curled around his body. He transformed into a blurry figure—that streaked across the sky—appearing more than two kilometers away. His speed increased dramatically after imprinting second-level Lightning Runes on his body.

He would have unparalleled speed if he became a Marquis Godfiend!

Time to see if we’ve missed anything. Meng Chuan continued roaming around the city. He hadn’t cast his forbidden Godfiend spell for very long. He had only used a forbidden spell after he attained his perfected Saber Soul. He hadn’t used a forbidden spell as long as Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang. Furthermore, he was young, and the body cultivation system made his lifeforce very vigorous. He only needed eight hours to recover fully. He had only suffered minor injuries during the battle with Blackwater Palace Lord.

...

The invasion of Jiang State Capital gradually came to an end. However, the flames of war continued raging in the rest of the world!

Archean Mountain.

Supremacy Qin Wu sat in a large hall. On the hall’s walls was a massive map of the human world. The map of the Great Zhou Dynasty was especially detailed, and lights blinked everywhere on the map.

Red, dark red, black...

The different colors represented different threat levels.

“Supremacy, Cloud State’s Red Phoenix Prefecture has requested for reinforcements again. The threat is that of a fourth Firmament. This is the ninth request for help in 15 minutes.” A group of people beside him carefully observed the map on the wall and gave timely reports from time to time.

“Make them give up,” said Supremacy Qin Wu coldly. “Make them give up immediately.”

“They aren’t willing to give up,” said an elder in a low voice. “They want to try resisting.”

Supremacy Qin Wu calmly said, “Tell them again that there’s no rescue! Make them give up!”

As he made his decision, Supremacy Qin Wu sighed inwardly. Cloud State is too remote, and Red Phoenix Prefecture is even more remote. It requires Regis Godfiends to travel over 3,000 kilometers to reach them. I cannot affect the entire world’s reinforcements for a single prefecture.

The demons and the Skydemon Sect hid in the dark. They could sneak attack on any city in the world. Archean Mountain had to guard all of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s states and prefectures. Even if they held the strength advantage in the human world, there wasn’t much difference after distributing their forces across the world.

“Supremacy, East Harbor Prefecture has asked for help again! The danger is at the fourth Firmament!” shouted another disciple immediately.

“King East River is rushing over. He’s about to arrive. Let them hold on,” instructed Supremacy Qin Wu.

For the sake of hundreds of city passes’ mortals, Marquis Godfiends needed to preside over medium-sized city passes. They didn’t have enough manpower. A small number of medium-sized city passes relied on defensive treasures to hold back the demons.

However, the Regis Godfiends were sent out in full force! Even Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi had descended the mountain! They guarded the Great Zhou Dynasty’s most important lands. For example, King East River was in charge of guarding the five states around Wu State!

However, the demons’ attack happened simultaneously. A Regis Godfiend was unable to split himself. He had to prioritize certain areas depending on the threat level and distance from Wu State. King East River was rather busy because the Wu, Jiang, and Huang State were the places the demons had focused their attacks on. The first city he reinforced was Wu State Capital. The second was East Harbor Prefecture. Although East Harbor Prefecture wasn’t a state capital, it had a population of over three million.

As for Jiang State Capital? Since they handled the threat themselves, King East River naturally helped those who couldn’t.

“Supremacy,” someone said anxiously. “Five Regis Godfiends are stationed in five regions of the Great Zhou Dynasty. But now, the demons are attacking six states... Some Regis Godfiends are unable to help. Should we redistribute the Regis Godfiends?”

“No!” Someone immediately retorted, “The demons are very cunning. It’s a common strategy to lure the tiger out the mountain. It was like this in the past. After Wu State Capital and Jiang State Capital were attacked, they immediately attacked several prefecture cities with high populations. The Regis Godfiends had been unable to deal with all of them. I’m worried that if we mobilize the Godfiends from other places, the demons would suddenly attack other regions.”

“Continue monitoring the situation in your various regions. If there’s anything new, report immediately,” instructed Supremacy Qin Wu coldly.

The pressure on Supremacy Qin Wu was immense as well. He knew very well that he had to send five Regis Godfiends to guard the most important regions! He had to prevent a major collapse of any one place.

If something unexpected happened after the situation stabilized, the cities still had their defensive treasures.

“Supremacy.” Someone reported excitedly, “The danger at Jiang State Capital has been resolved! The fourth Firmament threat has been killed!”

Everyone in the hall was astonished.

Killed?

“The fourth Firmament Skydemon or demon monarch has been killed?”

“The situation in Jiang State Capital is still alright. They managed to kill a fourth Firmament threat without using the defensive treasure?”

They were very shocked.

Supremacy Qin Wu was experienced. He had even seen a Great Solar Godfiend kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch in a one-on-one battle. However, his eyes lit up because he felt delighted. It was about time for some good news.

“Have Zhang Yunfeng and Meng Chuan reinforce Jiang State’s Changfeng Prefecture immediately!” Supremacy Qin ordered.

“Yes.” The disciple in charge of Jiang State immediately began sending the mobilization orders.

From Supremacy Qin Wu’s point of view, he understood the Great Zhou Dynasty’s overall situation. From an absolutely harsh perspective, letting the people from hundreds of city passes migrate by themselves minimized the Godfiend casualties. However, Supremacy Qin Wu also knew that if that were the case, it would negatively impact many Godfiends’ hearts. The Godfiends had sacrificed themselves to defend the mortals for generations! This had long become Godfiends’ custom.

The torch of protecting humanity was passed down from one generation of Godfiends to another! If they gave up a population of an entire state without a fight, they would no longer be Godfiends. Those who fought against the heavens and earth for humanity were Godfiends!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182 - Rescuing Changfeng Prefecture
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jiang State’s Changfeng Prefecture City had 1.2 million people. It was a rather large prefecture city, and the Godfiends here were rather strong.

But currently, beacon smoke rose from Changfeng Prefecture’s city walls as countless mortals hid in the tunnels.

“Hahaha, that’s all the strength a Godfiend has?” A massive snake demon—about 50 to 60 feet tall despite being coiled up—looked down at the surroundings. Black fog surrounded the snake demon. A radius of half a kilometer was covered in black fog. Two other demon monarchs hid within the black fog. A rhinoceros demon monarch even grabbed a human Godfiend’s corpse and swallowed it.

This caused the Godfiends outside the black fog to widen their eyes in anger.

“Leave the three demon monarchs to us,” said a man with two short spears on his back.

“Senior Brother Fan, the other demon monarchs that attacked Changfeng Manor were killed by us. There are only three left! Being the leader, the snake demon’s domain is very powerful. It also has demonic divine powers. As for the other two demon monarchs, they are also elite demon monarchs. When they work together, they are even stronger. Nine of our Changfeng Prefecture Godfiends died in battle, with most of them succumbing at the trio’s hands.”

“The snake demon’s divine power is a poisonous fog. Anyone who gets hit with it will die. No Godfiend has managed to withstand it.” The five remaining Godfiends in Changfeng Prefecture warned the man with two short spears about the dangers.

“Don’t worry.” The three Godfiends that had rushed over were extremely confident. For them to be sent as reinforcements, they were obviously very powerful. Their teamwork was even more impressive.

“Kill!”

“Kill them.”

“Attack.”

The three Godfiends charged forward at the same time. One used their domain to attack the black fog.

“Senior Brother Fan, this snake demon’s domain is very mighty. My domain can’t be formed,” said a Godfiend with a sword in one hand.

“Same old. Pick them off one by one.” Senior Brother Fan held a short spear in each hand.

The female Godfiend—who held a shield and saber—nodded.

After the three charged into the black fog, they moved towards the rhinoceros demon. The snake demon and mantis demon immediately moved towards the rhinoceros demon.

The snake demon monarch—who controlled the domain—moved forward at an extremely fast speed with his slender body. He was the first to arrive beside the rhinoceros demon.

“Kill the rhinoceros demon monarch first,” ordered Senior Brother Fan via voice transmission. Their plan remained unchanged. “Attack.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the female Godfiend—who was wielding a saber and shield—had a blurry red glow in her eyes. An invisible illusion enveloped the rhinoceros demon. This female Godfiend was the core of the three-man team. She had mastered a Red Dust Drawing illusion technique and was best at fighting one-on-one. Any demon monarch attacked by her in a one-on-one battle would instantly lose control and be slaughtered.

Therefore, this three-man team was very suitable for the strategy of picking off enemies one by one.

“Haha...” The rhinoceros demon laughed loudly as he brandished two massive hammers in a bid to strike.

Suddenly, he stood still dazedly. He currently saw an extremely beautiful scene. He was inside a luxurious palace. Countless lesser demons served large amounts of food. An endless flow of all kinds of food was available to him. He ate in extreme bliss.

“Die.” The short spear in Senior Brother Fan’s hand was as fast as lightning. He stabbed at the rhinoceros demon monarch’s head in a bid to pierce it. He knew very well that these elite demon monarchs had very strong vitality. Even if their hearts were pierced, these demon monarchs could still deliver a final counterattack before dying. However, they would instantly die if their heads were stabbed. They would be unable to put up any further resistance.

“Roar—” Upon seeing this, Demon Monarch Snake immediately spat out black fog.

However, Senior Brother Fan was extremely confident. With my speed, I can kill the rhinoceros demon monarch and avoid the poisonous fog.

But suddenly—

Pfft.

A phantom shot out from underground as fast as lightning, penetrating Senior Brother Fan’s head.

Senior Brother Fan’s eyes widened, but his consciousness had already dissipated. It’s a trap!

Just before he died, he realized that it had been a trap.

Whoosh.

Following that, the poisonous fog descended. Senior Brother Fan—who was unable to dodge—was enveloped by the poisonous fog. His body immediately melted, and only a pool of blood was left behind.

“Senior Brother Fan!” The female Godfiend and the sword-wielding Godfiend revealed looks of disbelief. Senior Brother Fan—who had already reached the Realm of Dao—was killed instantly?

Due to the black fog domain, they couldn’t see what was happening. They only saw the towering snake demon monarch spew out a poisonous fog, which then enveloped the surrounding area. Following that, Senior Brother Fan died! Through the token, they clearly knew that Senior Brother Fan was dead.

“Run!” Although they were furious, they didn’t hesitate to retreat.

Because neither of the two specialized in close combat—one was skilled with illusions while the other had to manipulate a domain while engaging in melee combat—they were inferior to Senior Brother Fan in terms of comprehensive combat strength. Since Senior Brother Fan had died instantly, they would be sending themselves to their deaths if they continued attacking.

...

“Not good.” Five Changfeng Prefecture Godfiends outside the domain heard cries after Senior Brother Fan and company rushed in. The two phrases, “Senior Brother Fan!” and “Run!” allowed the Godfiends outside to know that something was amiss.

Seconds later, the female Godfiend exited the black fog domain. Her companions had died in the domain; nobody else but her survived.

How can this be? How can it be... The female Godfiend was stunned.

“Hahaha!” Demon Monarch Mantis’s saber-leg pierced the sword-wielding Godfiend’s corpse. He raised it high and threw it down. The rhinoceros demon monarch opened his gaping mouth to more than ten feet wide and swallowed the Godfiend’s corpse in one mouthful.

“Senior Brother Qu!” The female Godfiend’s eyes turned red. “Senior Brother Fan!”

In the blink of an eye, Senior Brother Qu and Senior Brother Fan had died. This made her angry and heartbroken, but she couldn’t do anything.

“How did Senior Brother Fan die?” asked the five Changfeng Prefecture Godfiends.

“I couldn’t see what happened in the domain. With Senior Brother Fan’s strength, he should be able to dodge the poisonous fog. But once the poisonous fog appeared, Senior Brother Fan died.” The female Godfiend shook her head gently. “How could this be?”

“The demons’ divine powers are unpredictable.”

“Legend has it that the demons’ divine powers vary in strength. The stronger ones are comparable to the might of a fourth Firmament demon monarch.”

The Godfiends were panicking.

How strong was Senior Brother Fan? He could match the five of them combined; yet, he had died inside.

“Haha, Godfiends, what other tricks do you have left? Feel free to use them.” Demon Monarch Snake and company used their domains, forcing the Godfiends to retreat. They did not dare stray close to the domains.

“They are still slaughtering civilians in the domain.”

“These three demon monarchs!”

The Godfiends were extremely infuriated. There were civilians hidden in the tunnels that were being discovered and slaughtered constantly. But reason told them that charging into the domain was suicidal.

...

Jiang State Capital, Archean Mountain’s Jiang State branch.

Dean Chang, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang were resting here when they suddenly saw a bolt of lightning fly over. Instantly, it arrived in front of them.

It was Meng Chuan.

“Junior Brother Meng.” Dean Chang, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang stood up.

Dean Chang saw Meng Chuan’s protective inner armor. His inner armor was covered in cracks and had caved in slightly, not to mention his tattered robes.

“I patrolled the area and killed another demon monarch and Skydemon. There shouldn’t be any demon monarchs or Skydemons left in the city,” said Meng Chuan. “Even if there’s one, it should be escaping.”

“Junior Brother Meng, it’s been hard on you. Your inner armor has been damaged. I’ll get you a new set,” said Dean Chang with a smile. “We only have standard inner armor here. They were only meant for Great Solar Godfiend-level combat at best.”

“Thank you, Senior Brother Chang,” said Meng Chuan.

Those who were able to become the dean of a state capital were typically older and powerful Godfiends.

“We don’t have much inner armor suitable for a Great Solar Godfiend. Only three sets suit your body type. They are black, red, and blue. Which do you want, Junior Brother Meng?” Dean Chang asked.

“Black,” said Meng Chuan.

Soon, a black robe and a black inner armor arrived.

After changing his inner armor, Meng Chuan finally no longer looked like a beggar.

Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and company sat down and relaxed.

“How were the losses this time?” Meng Chuan asked.

“The city’s eastern region suffered the greatest losses. A total of 18 Godfiends died in battle,” said Dean Chang with a sigh. “6 Great Solar Godfiends and 12 Indestructible Godfiends. Five were Archean Mountain disciples.”

Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang felt their hearts ache when they heard that.

Thirteen outer sect Godfiends and five Archean Mountain Godfiends had died in battle. It was mainly because of the fourth Firmament Skydemon! Without him, the losses would not have been so great.

“You have already done very well. I don’t even dare think about killing a Fourth firmament Skydemon,” said Dean Chang.

Meng Chuan and company fell silent. They knew every Godfiend. As the three most powerful experts in Jiang State Capital, they had intelligence on every Godfiend in the city. Now, 18 of them had died. This was a huge loss.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng sensed something as the tokens they carried with them turned hot. They took it out to have a look.

“Changfeng Prefecture is in danger. Archean Mountain wants us to go over.” Meng Chuan immediately stood up.

“Let’s go.” Zhang Yunfeng stood up as well.

“Senior Brother Zhang, your body...” Yang Fang was extremely worried.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183 - A Trap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yang Fang felt his body age significantly after casting the forbidden Godfiend spell. He had probably lost several years of his lifespan. As for Zhang Yunfeng, he was already very old. The side-effects for using a forbidden Godfiend spell was even greater. One could see Zhang Yunfeng grow older visibly.

“Haha, I cultivate the Indestructible Divine Body. I’m the best when it comes to healing,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile. “Before I die, I can maintain my peak strength. Even if I don’t take action now, I can only live for two to three years. I should do more while I’m still alive. When it comes to killing demon monarchs, I can match 10 to 20 Great Solar Godfiends.”

Two to three more years? Meng Chuan’s heart trembled when he heard that. Meng Chuan was young, so even if he didn’t train with the body cultivation system, he would completely recover in a few months after using forbidden Godfiend spells. Since he had attained the Diamond Body, he would recover from the side-effects within several hours.

However, Zhang Yunfeng was too old. Every time he used a forbidden Godfiend spell, his lifespan would shorten. In order to kill Blackwater Palace Lord, he had maintained his forbidden Godfiend spell for far too long.

“Let’s go. Fewer Godfiends might die if I make the trip,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile.

“Alright.” After seeing Zhang Yunfeng’s resolute gaze, Meng Chuan didn’t persuade him any further. “Let’s go.”

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The two instantly transformed into lightning and flew north.

Yang Fang and Dean Chang watched them leave.

“Humanity has a large group of Godfiends like Senior Brother Zhang who are willing to sacrifice their lives,” said Dean Chang. “I believe that humans... will definitely win the war against the demons!”

Yang Fang nodded. “For sure.”

Yang Fang stayed behind in Jiang State Capital. After all, seven million people lived here. They had to maintain sufficient strength to defend the city. In fact, the demons wouldn’t dare attack Jiang State Capital after losing a fourth Firmament Skydemon. Before the humans completely abandoned the middle-sized city passes, demons would have limited strength in the human world.

...

Meng Chuan quickly rushed off with Zhang Yunfeng. A domain enveloped the pair, reducing Meng Chuan’s burden.

Swoosh.

He transformed into a bolt of lightning and streaked across the sky. When he used Swallow Stance in midair, he crossed a raging river that was 2.5 kilometers wide.

Even while carrying Zhang Yunfeng around, he could still leap 1.5 kilometers in a single flash.

“What speed.” Zhang Yunfeng admired Meng Chuan’s speed as he was brought along. He was astounded. “Junior Brother Meng, you can move at such astonishing speed even while carrying me. During battles with demons, you will be more important than many Godfiends.”

Meng Chuan smiled and said, “We humans have 12 types of transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. The Lightning Devastator Fiend body is famous for its speed. When it comes to killing enemies head-on, the Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body and Samsara Divine Body are much better than me.”

In terms of explosive power, Phoenix Divine Body experts had the greatest. The Phoenix’s Nirvana technique allowed a Phoenix Divine Body expert to burn their lifeforce, producing inconceivable strength. But when it came to overall strength, the Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body and Samsara Divine Body were stronger than all other Godfiend bodies.

“Don’t be modest. I heard that the Black Metal Sutra that you cultivate is a swift saber art. With your speed, you will be invincible when you cultivate it to the extreme,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile. “Senior Guo Ke—who created the Heart Saber back then—was invincible in that era despite only being a Regis Godfiend. Even Creation Supremacies weren’t his match.”

“I haven’t been cultivating for long, and my saber arts are still nascent,” said Meng Chuan. It was only during the battle with Blackwater Palace Lord that he had reached the peak of Saber Soul. He was still one step away from reaching the Saber Dao realm.

The two chatted as they rushed towards Changfeng Prefecture.

Oh? Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng suddenly gazed into the distance. Outside a prefecture city, they could see Godfiends chasing after demon monarchs.

“You won’t escape!” Five Godfiends crossed the city walls and continued to pursue the demon monarchs with all their might. The three demon monarchs fled together, but they weren’t panicking. They cooperated with each other, making it difficult for the Godfiends to kill them.

“We have already given up on the prefecture city, but you are still chasing after us?” shouted a rat demon monarch.

“Continue chasing after us! We have companions that are going to rendezvous with us. We will capture all of you Godfiends in a while,” roared Demon Monarch Bear.

A flower demon was stuck to Demon Monarch Bear’s body as it released pollen—which diffused in all directions.

“You want to flee after killing tens of thousands of humans?” The five Godfiends were filled with rage, unwilling to let the demon monarchs escape.

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning descended from the sky. It landed directly beside Demon Monarch Rat.

“This is—!” Demon Monarch Rat was shocked as he watched the lightning descend. He saw two figures amidst the lightning—a black-robed youth and a white-haired elder.

“Senior Brother Meng, Senior Brother Zhang!” The five Godfiends—who were in pursuit of the three demon monarchs—were delighted. They naturally recognized the famous Senior Brother Meng Chuan as well as Senior Brother Zhang Yunfeng.

Swoosh.

A saber beam swept past Demon Monarch Rat’s neck, sending his head flying. He was dead.

A vast white domain enveloped Demon Monarch Bear and the flower demon. Countless white threads penetrated Demon Monarch Bear and the flower demon’s bodies, killing them instantly.

“Let’s go,” said Zhang Yunfeng.

Meng Chuan nodded. The duo transformed into lightning again and headed towards Changfeng Prefecture as fast as they could.

“Thank you, Senior Brothers.” The five Godfiends were overjoyed. Under normal circumstances, it would be a blessing if they could kill one or two demon monarchs. Furthermore, they didn’t dare go too far. They needed to guard the city. Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng had rendered great assistance by killing the three demon monarchs.

...

Changfeng Prefecture.

As Demon Monarch Snake stayed coiled, black fog permeated the area as it invaded the tunnels. Everyone in the tunnels howled in despair before falling silent.

This caused the six distant Godfiends to feel incomparable grief and indignation. They watched the demon monarchs slaughter the mortal humans helplessly, unable to do anything to stop them.

“How is this Demon Monarch Snake so strong?”

“Even a Great Solar Godfiend can’t withstand its divine powers.”

These Godfiends were extremely anxious. Changfeng Prefecture City had a population of 1.2 million. They couldn’t give up so easily.

Within the black fog domain.

“Your Majesty,” spoke Demon Monarch Snake respectfully via voice transmission. “Are we just going to continue slaughtering mortals like this?”

“Continue the massacre. With your domain, you will take an hour to slaughter all the people in the city. It’s still early. The humans will definitely send more powerful Godfiends to reinforce the city.” A figure surfaced from underground and appeared beside Demon Monarch Snake. He was only ten feet tall, and his body was covered in a black carapace. He had two curved horns on his head and a long scorpion tail.

“Yes,” replied Demon Monarch Snake respectfully. Demon Monarch Snake was only a third Firmament elite demon monarch that was skilled at domains!

The so-called Poison Fog divine power was actually an ordinary poisonous fog. No, the main purpose of the poisonous fog was for concealment! The poisonous fog concealed the true killer of the many powerful Godfiends—a fourth Firmament demon monarch—Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu.

“Marquis Godfiends are guarding the medium-sized city passes. This is a rare opportunity to slaughter Great Solar Godfiends and below. If we miss this chance, Marquis Godfiends will guard the entire world after this. It would be impossible to kill Godfiends like this when that happens.” Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu had an imposing appearance and was considered quite attractive among the demons. After all, he was a fourth Firmament demon monarch and a member of the demons’ Zhuang family.

The Zhuang family represented the Scorpion Demon Sage’s bloodline.

“We have to seize this rare opportunity and kill them all,” said Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu with a smile. “Blackwater Palace Lord has attacked Jiang State Capital and has diverted attention. As for me, I’ve been waiting quietly in Changfeng Prefecture. All reinforcements shall be killed. The Godfiends that come to reinforce the city are definitely elites.”

“How wise you are, Your Majesty,” praised Demon Monarch Snake.

Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu nodded slightly and suddenly stared into the distance. “More Godfiends are here!”

From afar, a bolt of lightning streaked across the sky. Two figures could be seen amidst the lightning.

“They are strong Godfiends.” Zhuang Fu’s eyes lit up. The more credit he earned, the more rewards he would receive from the demons. The internal competition in the Zhuang family was very intense. Although the human world was also dangerous, it was easier to earn credit here.

...

The lightning streaked across the sky and landed in Changfeng Prefecture. The duo landed next to the six Godfiends.

Upon seeing the black-robed youth and white-haired elder, the six Godfiends immediately greeted, “Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Brother Meng.”

In just five minutes, Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng arrived at Changfeng Prefecture—which stood 400 kilometers away from Jiang State Capital. Along the way, they had killed five demon monarchs and one Skydemon.

“What’s going on?” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng weren’t in a hurry to take action. Instead, they inquired about the situation whilst observing the three demon monarchs inside the black fog. The coiled-up snake demon monarch was the most eye-catching.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184 - Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“There are only three demon monarchs left in Changfeng Prefecture, but many have died to their hands.”

“That Demon Monarch Snake has divine powers. It can spit out poisonous fog. Even Senior Brother Fan Congqi was instantly killed.”

“No Godfiend could withstand a single strike from Demon Monarch Snake.” The Godfiends immediately informed Zhang Yunfeng and Meng Chuan about the enemies. They were afraid of their two famous senior brothers—Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng—being defeated.

“No Godfiend can withstand a single strike?” Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng exchanged glances. “Senior Brother Zhang, there’s something amiss. Although Senior Brother Fan Congqi only cultivated a high-grade Godfiend body, he has also reached the Realm of Dao. Even if we join forces, we won’t be able to kill him in one strike.”

“Is this snake demon’s poisonous fog really that powerful, or is there something else going on here?” Zhang Yunfeng carefully inspected the black fog.

The black fog covered a radius of half a kilometer around the snake demon. It made it very difficult for outsiders to see what was within.

Suddenly, the screams of mortals—coming from inside the black fog—caused Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng’s expressions to change.

“I’ll take action first.” Zhang Yunfeng’s domain instantly enveloped the area. With him as the center, the kilometer-wide white domain trapped the three demon monarchs.

Boom!

The black fog was incomparably tough, but it collapsed under the white domain.

Not good. Demon Monarch Snake was alarmed. The reason why Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu had chosen him was because of how powerful his domain was. It was extremely difficult for Great Solar Godfiends to collapse his domain. Only by relying on his domain could he completely cover up Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu’s assassinations and existence.

But now, his domain had actually collapsed?

The white domain enveloped the three demon monarchs. Demon Monarch Snake, Demon Monarch Rhinoceros, and Demon Monarch Mantis were trapped within the white domain; their bodies turned extremely heavy—as if they were squeezed from every direction.

Pfft. The slightly weaker Demon Monarch Mantis couldn’t help but cough out blood due to the domain’s pressure.

“It’s Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng.” Demon Monarch Snake wriggled his body, but he struggled to move. “Zhang Yunfeng specializes in domains. This domain is too powerful.”

“I don’t even have 10% of my strength left.” Demon Monarch Rhinoceros felt the immense pressure as he stood still. He could barely take a step, but this speed was too slow.

“This domain can crush me to death.” Demon Monarch Mantis grew even more anxious. “How can a Great Solar Godfiend have such a powerful domain?”

The intelligence they had on Great Solar Godfiends mentioned little of Zhang Yunfeng. They only knew that he cultivated the Indestructible Divine Body—which was best at domains. They also knew that he could affect fourth Firmament demon monarchs’ strength.

That was all the information they had. Only after experiencing Zhang Yunfeng’s domain personally would one realize how terrifying this domain was.

In fact, this domain halved the strength of a fourth Firmament Skydemon, Blackwater Palace Lord! Even third Firmament elite demon monarchs would be crushed to death if their physical bodies were too weak.

The demon monarch that killed Junior Brother Fan instantly shouldn’t be this weak. With a thought, Zhang Yunfeng condensed nine sword beams within his domain, forming the Nine Absolutes Sword Formation.

The nine sword beams first attacked Demon Monarch Mantis. Having already spat out blood, Demon Monarch Mantis forcefully brandished his saber legs, but the sword beams were too ethereal and unpredictable. They attacked from all directions, forming an array formation. It was very difficult to block them.

“No—” Demon Monarch Mantis wanted to request for help but was unable to do so in time. The sword beams instantly sliced through his body, killing him on the spot. Zhang Yunfeng didn’t show any mercy. This horrified the nearby Demon Monarch Rhinoceros and Demon Monarch Snake.

“Your Majesty, save me!” Demon Monarch Rhinoceros reeled in anxiety.

“Your Majesty, if you don’t do something, we’ll be finished.” Demon Monarch Snake was also anxious, but he didn’t dare expose Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu’s existence. If he exposed Zhuang Fu’s existence and caused their plan to fail, Zhuang Fu would definitely not spare them.

...

Deep underground.

As part of Scorpion Demon Sage’s Zhuang family, Zhuang Fu was very talented when it came to burrowing underground.

What a powerful domain! Zhuang Fu carefully probed the outside world. I can’t use the snake demon’s domain to ambush them. Zhuang Fu moved underground and rapidly approached Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng? A delighted look flashed across Zhuang Fu’s face. Very good. Although Zhang Yunfeng is old, he is very strong. After the humans abandon the small- and medium-sized city passes, a large number of demon monarchs will enter the human world. Zhang Yunfeng can massacre many demon monarchs with his strength. Killing him earlier will be a huge contribution.

As for Meng Chuan, he has a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—one that appears once every few centuries. He’s already this powerful at such a young age. He has a high chance of becoming a Marquis Godfiend. Killing him would result in more credit than killing Zhang Yunfeng.

After killing the two of them, Archean Mountain will also sense that something is amiss. I need to change locations if I want to continue ambushing Godfiends.

Zhuang Fu was very pleased. Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng were more important than dozens of average Great Solar Godfiends.

Whoosh.

He rapidly approached Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng. However, traveling underground was slower than traveling aboveground.

Whoosh. After the Nine Absolute sword beams killed Demon Monarch Mantis, they continued flying towards Demon Monarch Rhinoceros.

“Have mercy!” Demon Monarch Rhinoceros’s voice was deep as he begged for mercy. He knew that if Demon Monarch Mantis could be instantly killed, he would also be easily killed.

“I’m willing to submit and bow.” Demon Monarch Rhinoceros wanted to stall for time, giving Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu time for the ambush.

Submit? Zhang Yunfeng sensed Demon Monarch Rhinoceros begging inside his domain. He was only a third Firmament demon monarch and wasn’t capable of flight. He didn’t have divine powers, so he was of zero value.

The nine sword beams did not stop as they flew towards Demon Monarch Rhinoceros.

“Your Majesty! Help me!” Demon Monarch Rhinoceros took the initiative to cry out when facing death. He kept requesting help through his identity token, but Zhuang Fu didn’t come at all. Demon Monarch Rhinoceros burned with anxiety!

As for keeping Zhuang Fu’s existence a secret? Why would he bother keeping the greater demon monarch’s existence a secret when he was about to die?

If you don’t show yourself, I’ll force you to appear! Therefore, Demon Monarch Rhinoceros frantically shouted, “Your Majesty, save me!”

This cry really allowed him to live a little longer.

The nine sword beams came to a halt.

Zhang Yunfeng was the first to hear Demon Monarch Rhinoceros’s cries through the domain. Meng Chuan heard it a little later; this was because the voice needed to travel half a kilometer before reaching him.

“Your Majesty? Help?” Zhang Yunfeng’s expression changed as he hurriedly sent a voice transmission to Meng Chuan: “Run!!!”

Run? Seeing Senior Brother Zhang’s anxious expression, Meng Chuan didn’t even think before acting. He instinctively grabbed Zhang Yunfeng and leaped away in a bolt of lightning.

After he jumped up, a phantom drilled out from underground and stabbed at Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng. However, being extremely fast, the duo had already moved far away.

Damn it. Zhuang Fu gritted his teeth in anger as he unburrowed himself. He glared venomously at Demon Monarch Rhinoceros in the distance. His speed when traveling underground was slower than moving aboveground, which was why he barely reached the duo before Demon Monarch Rhinoceros exposed him.

He was just short of killing the two Godfiends! He was short by a little!

The distant Demon Monarch Rhinoceros didn’t care. Any later and he would have died. As for failing to assassinate the Godfiends? It wasn’t as important as his life.

“Let’s leave quickly. These two Godfiends are extremely powerful,” said Demon Monarch Rhinoceros via voice transmission.

“Yes.” Demon Monarch Snake was afraid as well.

After escaping, I’ll pledge allegiance to others. The humans will abandon all small and medium-sized city passes soon. A large number of demon monarchs will enter the human world. As long as I avoid Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu, I’ll be able to live an abject life. The only thought in Demon Monarch Rhinoceros’s mind was about his survival.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft...

However, the nine swords that had been hovering in midair suddenly flew over.

Demon Monarch Rhinoceros was alarmed, but he was unable to block the nine exquisite sword beams. The sword beams quickly pierced his body, boring a gaping hole in his head. His massive body collapsed to the ground.

To Zhang Yunfeng, killing Demon Monarch Rhinoceros was a breeze.

The nine sword beams continued their attack as they flew towards Demon Monarch Snake.

Fool. Zhuang Fu looked at Demon Monarch Rhinoceros’s corpse and then at Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng—who were both standing on a damaged roof.

A fourth Firmament demon monarch. Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng looked at Zhuang Fu solemnly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185 - Divine Power!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Even from half a kilometer away, Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng could sense the greater demon monarch’s surging aura.

Zhuang Fu didn’t leak any aura while hiding underground. When he ambushed Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng with all his strength, his abrupt burst of aura alarmed them. This aura was much stronger than Blackwater Palace Lord’s. Its strength was very close to Marquis Heavenstar’s—who Meng Chuan had met. However, it was different from Marquis Heavenstar’s aura in mood. Marquis Heavenstar’s aura was more ethereal, while this fourth Firmament demon monarch’s aura was very thick.

A fourth Firmament demon monarch was on par with Marquis Godfiends in strength; they only lacked the Darkstar domain—which was only available to Marquis Godfiends and beyond. Although they didn’t have a Darkstar domain, they definitely had a divine power. They could even have multiple divine powers.

“Be careful of the demon monarch’s divine power,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission.

“Don’t worry.” Zhang Yunfeng was very cautious too. “My domain had already penetrated 100 feet underground. I never expected it to remain hiding underground.”

It was extremely difficult for a domain to extend underground. Under normal circumstances, domains could only penetrate 100 feet deep!

“It’s all thanks to that rhinoceros demon monarch,” said Meng Chuan. If not for the rhinoceros demon monarch’s cry, Zhuang Fu would have to be within 200 feet of him before he could discover his existence! Such distance was simply too close! Although his movement technique had improved tremendously, it would be impressive if he could protect himself, let alone protecting Zhang Yunfeng as well in a split second.

Since they had heard Demon Monarch Rhinoceros’s cry, they had ample time to avoid Zhuang Fu’s ambush.

Growl—

From afar, Demon Monarch Snake roared with grief and indignation. He was the most tenacious among the three elite demon monarchs, but under the domain’s suppression, he only had 10 to 20 percent of his strength left. He ended up dying after the Nine Absolute Sword Formation assaulted him.

The three third Firmament elite demon monarchs all died underneath Zhang Yunfeng’s sword formation. However, the truly terrifying Zhuang Fu stared at them, not concerned about the three demon monarchs’ deaths at all.

“Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng.” The powerful Zhuang Fu stared at the duo.

“Might I know which greater demon monarch you are?” asked Zhang Yunfeng.

Instead of answering his question, Zhang Fu scoffed and said, “You sure run fast.”

Swoosh.

Zhuang Fu transformed into a phantom as he rushed towards the six Godfiends—that had been silently retreating from the battlefield.

“Be careful.”

“Separate and flee.”

“Good luck, everyone!”

The six Godfiends immediately dispersed when they saw Zhuang Fu approaching. They each chose a different direction to flee in. When facing a fourth Firmament demon monarch, separating would provide one with the greatest chance of survival.

“Junior Brother Meng, let’s hold him back,” said Zhang Yunfeng immediately.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan didn’t hesitate as he carried Zhang Yunfeng to pursue after Zhuang Fu in the form of lightning. He maintained a 1000 foot gap from Zhuang Fu as Zhang Yunfeng constantly manipulated his domain to suppress Zhuang Fu, affecting the greater demon monarch’s speed.

Zhuang Fu slowed down slightly, but he was still far faster than Great Solar Godfiends.

A female Godfiend was fleeing at high speed.

He’s about to catch up. The female Godfiend sensed Zhuang Fu rapidly approaching from behind. She knew that struggling was futile. Senior Brother Fan, Senior Brother Qu, I’ll be joining you too.

Swoosh.

Just as the female Godfiend accepted her demise, a bolt of lightning flashed by the side. Her arm was grabbed before she rapidly streaked across the sky.

What? Zhuang Fu looked at where the female Godfiend had been in shock.

Meng Chuan rushed away with the female Godfiend and Zhang Yunfeng. Although his current speed was much slower than usual, he was still slightly faster than Zhuang Fu.

He’s still a little faster than me while carrying two people? Zhuang Fu was astonished, but the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. What a stupid Godfiend.

Due to Meng Chuan rescuing the female Godfiend, the distance between the trio and Zhuang Fu shrank to 800 feet the moment he grabbed hold of the female Godfiend.

“This is the moment!” Zhuang Fu instantly cast a forbidden spell, causing his speed to increase suddenly.

“Hold!” Zhang Yunfeng and Meng Chuan—who had both been paying attention to Zhuang Fu—cast forbidden Godfiend spells simultaneously. Meng Chuan’s speed increased as Zhang Yunfeng’s domain increased in strength.

“Go.” A cold glint flashed in Zhuang Fu’s eyes when he saw this. He immediately lashed out with his tail, sending the black poisonous stinger flying out.

Swish! The poisonous stinger tore through the air, moving faster than Meng Chuan.

“Leave quickly.” Seeing this, Meng Chuan immediately threw the female Godfiend away and fled with Zhang Yunfeng. He would be too slow if he carried the two of them, which would make their escape impossible.

After the female Godfiend was thrown out, she fled frantically in another direction.

Zhuang Fu completely ignored her. Instead, he continued chasing after the duo.

The black poisonous stinger pierced through Zhang Yunfeng’s domain with terrifying speed.

“Block!” Zhang Yunfeng—who had used a forbidden Godfiend spell—condensed nine sword beams to block the black poisonous stinger.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

The poisonous stinger pierced through every sword beam. The poisonous stinger was incomparably sharp, seemingly indestructible. It destroyed everything in its path.

“His poisonous stinger is too powerful. He’s much stronger than Blackwater Palace Lord,” said Zhang Yunfeng via voice transmission. “Don’t bother about me. Hurry up and escape!”

Flee. At this critical moment, Meng Chuan fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence. After the battle with Blackwater Palace Lord, he had greatly depleted his Power of Essence Soul reserves. Although he had recovered some of his reserves, he could deliver ten strikes at most if he had fused only the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence. If he were to fuse the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence, he could only execute a single move.

Swoosh!

The Power of Essence Soul fused with his body and Quintessential completely, and Meng Chuan’s speed suddenly increased as he carried Senior Brother Zhang away with him.

The poisonous stinger pierced through the layers of barriers behind him. The distance between the poison stinger and Meng Chuan had originally shrunk to 300 feet. But with Meng Chuan’s burst of speed, the gap didn’t shrink as fast as before! The gap shortened to 150 feet before the poisonous stinger suddenly stopped..

Meng Chuan opened up a distance of 750 meters from Zhuang Fu with Senior Brother Zhang. Under Meng Chuan’s explosive burst, he instantly distanced himself by a distance that far exceeded the range of Zhuang Fu’s poisonous stinger’s control range.

He’s still that fast while carrying a person? Zhuang Fu couldn’t believe it.

In that instant, Meng Chuan’s Power of Essence Soul fusion and forbidden Godfiend spell allowed him to flee at astonishing speeds.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan felt a stabbing pain in his head. He felt absolutely miserable after exhausting his Power of Essence Soul reserves completely. However, he heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Zhang Yunfeng beside him.

“You should have given up on me.” Zhang Yunfeng was somewhat shocked as he couldn’t help but say, “You are still young. You shouldn’t risk your life for an old man like me who’s about to die.”

“If I were really about to be caught, I’d have abandoned you,” said Meng Chuan. “However, if I can escape, I’ll naturally bring you along.”

“Haha...” Zhang Yunfeng laughed.

Meng Chuan laughed as well.

Both were naturally happy to be alive. The two smiled as they looked at the distant Zhuang Fu.

Zhuang Fu also stopped. The poisonous stinger streaked across the sky and flew back to his tail. In terms of strength, Zhuang Fu could crush Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng as long as he could touch them. However, Meng Chuan was too fast! Furthermore, the domain also greatly reduced the strength of his divine power—Poison Thrust. In the end, the duo managed to escape with their lives.

The divine power, Poison Thrust, was something almost all Zhuang family demon monarchs were adept at. The poisonous stinger could fly through the air and attack the opponent. It was incomparably sharp and poisonous. It was a terrifying divine power.

I can’t kill them! Zhuang Fu stared at the duo and didn’t hesitate to head elsewhere. He targeted the other Godfiends that were closest to him.

Pfft! Pfft!

Zhuang Fu shot his poisonous stingers towards two Godfiends.

However, Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng didn’t dare rescue them. This was because Meng Chuan was unable to unleash his full power, having depleted his Power of Essence Soul reserves.

Damn it. Meng Chuan could only watch the greater demon monarch killing the Godfiends. He was rather aggrieved. He didn’t even have the right to fight such a powerful greater demon monarch. All he could do was flee!

“You’ve already done enough.” Zhang Yunfeng had experienced plenty in his life, and he was very calm. “Several Godfiends and I survived because of you.”

The six Godfiends had fled separately.

Zhuang Fu was quite fast, but even with his impressive divine powers, he only managed to kill two Godfiends. He ceased chasing the other four Godfiends because it would be a waste of time.

Damn you, Meng Chuan! Standing outside the city, Zhuang Fu coldly glanced at the duo before transforming into a blur and disappearing into the clouds.

As for the duo, they stealthily returned to Changfeng Prefecture and hid. They waited for the Earth Net Godfiends to come and manage Changfeng Prefecture.

But before long, an oppressive aura enveloped the entire Changfeng Prefecture City.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng—who both hid in an ordinary compound hall so that Zhuang Fu wouldn’t find them if he returned—were alarmed when they sensed the oppressive aura envelop them.

A linen-clothed man appeared at the entrance of the hall.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng were delighted when they saw the person. They immediately stood up and greeted respectfully, “Uncle-Master East River.”

The person who had come was none other than King East River.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186 - Seven Months
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When King East River saw the two of them, he nodded slightly. He was very familiar with these two Great Solar Godfiends.

He was the one who personally recruited Meng Chuan into Archean Mountain. Meng Chuan was the most outstanding disciple in that batch! King East River felt as though he was seeing his own disciple.

As for Zhang Yunfeng, he was very close to his age. He entered Archean Mountain two years later than him. Back then, Zhang Yunfeng was very outstanding when he managed to master a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body. However, King East River was much more dazzling back then. He was from an ordinary family, and he had displayed stunning accomplishments while studying at a Dao Academy. Archean Mountain had accepted him as a disciple early. He had been even more dazzling than the present Xue Feng, Meng Chuan, and Liu Qiyue. He became a Godfiend at the age of 36 and became a Regis Godfiend at the age of 79. He had been a Regis Godfiend for over a hundred years, and his strength was unfathomable.

“Archean Mountain has received several requests for help. They say that Changfeng Prefecture has discovered a fourth Firmament threat,” said King East River. “I just investigated the entire Changfeng Prefecture. You are the only two Godfiends alive.”

“Sought reinforcements several times?” Zhang Yunfeng and Meng Chuan exchanged looks. The fleeing Godfiends had probably requested for help.

“Junior Brother Meng and I rushed to Changfeng Prefecture to help. On the surface, three demon monarchs were wreaking havoc, but in reality, it was a trap,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “A fourth Firmament demon monarch hid underground. Most of the Godfiends that came died. Thankfully, Junior Brother Meng was fast enough, so I also managed to survive. That was how the fourth Firmament demon monarch was exposed.”

“What about the fourth Firmament demon monarch?” asked King East River.

“About 150 seconds ago, that demon monarch flew into the sky and fled,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “He’s a scorpion demon. He has a divine power that allows him to release poison stingers that go as far as 750 meters.”

“150 seconds? I can still give chase.” King East River instantly phased away.

Zhang Yunfeng couldn’t help but say, “In 150 seconds, that demon monarch should be more than 50 kilometers away. Furthermore, we don’t even know which direction he fled in; yet, King East River is still giving chase.”

“Uncle-Master East River is even faster than me,” said Meng Chuan in amazement. “Just now, he scanned the entire Changfeng Prefecture with a thought; thus, he can naturally find the fourth Firmament demon monarch across a large area. Perhaps he might discover it. If he does, that demon monarch is dead.”

King East River spent 100 seconds searching a 100-kilometer-radius around Changfeng Prefecture.

He still couldn’t find Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu.

From the looks of it, he has gone underground. King East River looked down at the ground while in midair. His scanning methods were much less effective when probing underground. There was no way he could scan large areas at once.

Following that, King East River held a Patroller Token. The diagram on it was extremely complicated; it had the entire Great Zhou Dynasty’s map carved into it. He was guarding five states, three of which were: the Wu State, the Huang State, and the Jiang State!

Next place. King East River remained 1000 feet above the ground. With a whoosh, he disappeared into the horizon. By being closer to the ground, he could discover demon monarchs faster.

...

In the human world, Godfiends have the overall advantage. There are only seven large-scale city passes in the Great Zhou Dynasty. That means only one Creation Supremacy and eight Regis Godfiends are needed at those city passes. The other Regis Godfiends can go around hunting the demon monarchs. Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu hid more than half a kilometer underground. It was safest to be underground.

Although it’s a little slower, it’s safer. Zhuang Fu was very patient. Although he cultivated the Force of the Land and was good at escaping underground, his speed was still much slower than when he was on land.

I’ll move somewhere else and ambush the Godfiends. It’s a rare opportunity to hunt down Godfiends during the humans’ Great Relocation Plan. Zhuang Fu rapidly advanced underground.

As for why he had soared into the sky in front of Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng? That was just to trick the Godfiends.

...

Changfeng Prefecture soon had other Godfiends guarding it.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng returned to Jiang State Capital. The moment they returned, Meng Chuan immediately went to bed. Deep sleep was the fastest way to recover his Power of Essence Soul reserves. It was faster than meditative cultivation. After six hours, his token heated up, and Meng Chuan jolted awake.

Time to go. He met up with Zhang Yunfeng and did not hesitate as he immediately set off to rescue other cities again.

Fortunately, Meng Chuan’s Power of Essence Soul reserves had mostly been restored after six hours of sleep. He had the confidence to face the dangers.

...

The day Blackwater Palace Lord had attacked Jiang State Capital was 19th March. It was also when the demons and the Skydemon Sect jointly attacked cities across the world in the morning. Even small and middle-sized city passes were attacked for the entire morning! This forced the Marquis Godfiends to defend the city passes.

This was the most tragic day!

Five Regis Godfiends, including Archean Mountain Lord, were each in charge of several states. Supremacy Qin Wu guarded Archean Mountain and Archean City. Archean Mountain was very important. As the oldest sect, Archean Mountain had many secrets. It was not enough for a mere Regis Godfiend to preside over it. After all, the Skydemon Sect had two fifth Firmament Skydemons! It was unknown whether there were any fifth Firmament demon monarchs hidden in the human world.

Perhaps there were one or two of them.

Everything was unpredictable.

As the Great Zhou Dynasty’s headquarters, Archean Mountain could not panic even if half of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory was lost. If Archean Mountain was gone, everything it had built over the years would be raided. That would really spell doom!

Archean Mountain had encountered many crises in history. For example, when Black Sand Grotto-Heaven was at its strongest, Archean Mountain gave up all land in the outside world and turtled up at Archean Mountain. According to the sect’s rules, a Supremacy had to guard Archean Mountain at all times! If the sect did not have any Creation Supremacies for a period of time, at least three Regis Godfiends had to guard the mountain.

With a protected Archean Mountain, the sect would have the confidence to deal with all danger.

...

Time passed.

In the following days, the intensity of the attacks reduced greatly.

On 19th March, although many human Godfiends died in battle, the demons and Skydemon Sect suffered greater casualties!

On this day, six fourth firmament Skydemons died in battle! Great Solar Godfiends kill three as they fought to their deaths. Regis Godfiends killed another three. After this, the Skydemon Sect was unwilling to send any more fourth firmament Skydemons, believing that they had suffered enough losses.

On this day, three fourth Firmament demon monarchs died in battle as well. They had all died at the hands of Regis Godfiends. However, the cautious and crafty Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu survived. The remaining fourth Firmament demon monarchs also became more cautious. Although earning credit was nice, they had to be alive to enjoy it.

Thus, after 19th March, very few fourth Firmament threats appeared.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng were often mobilized to reinforce nearby cities. Since they were fast and could easily kill ordinary demon monarchs, Archean Mountain was happy to mobilize them.

In the next seven months, the duo had provided help to areas within 500 kilometers of Jiang State Capital and had only encountered a fourth Firmament demon monarch once! It was an extremely ferocious ape demon monarch. However, in terms of sneak attacks and assassination techniques, it was inferior to the sinister Zhuang Fu. When Demon Monarch Ape—who was only good at close combat—charged forward and struck with his pole, Meng Feng immediately unleashed the Power of Essence Soul and fled with Senior Brother Zhang!

The threat of a fourth Firmament ape demon monarch—who was only good at close combat—was lower than that of Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu.

Of course, the Demon Monarch Ape’s sneak attack was terrifying as well. It blasted a canyon—that was over half a kilometer long—and killed several hundreds of mortals. Following that, Demon Monarch Ape pursued Meng Chuan for a while. When he discovered that there he had no hope of catching up, he immediately fled. Fourth Firmament demon monarchs didn’t dare fight for too long because they were afraid that Regis Godfiends would arrive.

“Junior Brother Meng, Junior Brother Yang.”

On 6th October, a secret letter from Archean Mountain was sent to Zhang Yunfeng.

After Zhang Yunfeng read the letter, he handed it to Meng Chuan and Yang Fang with a complicated expression on his face. “The Great Relocation Plan is over.”

Meng Chuan immediately received the letter. Yang Fang put down his roasted meat and came over to take a look.

“The Great Relocation Plan is over.” Meng Chuan and Yang Fang were somewhat dazed.

“Next, we’ll be abandoning the small and medium-sized city passes completely,” Zhang Yunfeng said in dismay. “A large number of demon monarchs will swarm into our human world.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187 - Returning to Archean Mountain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Stunned still, Yang Fang didn’t touch his roasted meat.

“What will it be like when a large number of demon monarchs enter the human world?” Meng Chuan asked softly.

“I don’t know.” Zhang Yunfeng said, “I’ve never experienced such a thing before. All I know is that many mortals will die.”

“When the time comes, demon monarchs will be in all corners of the world. War can happen at any moment,” said Yang Fang. “The number of third Firmament demon monarchs will far exceed the number of Great Solar Godfiends. Of course, our advantage is that we have a large group of Marquis Godfiends. They can exterminate demon monarchs everywhere. Regis Godfiends will also be patrolling the world. Therefore, demon monarchs won’t gather on a large scale. They will definitely scatter and hide.”

“Archean Mountain will definitely come up with a strategy to deal with the demon monarchs,” said Zhang Yunfeng. “Black Sand Grotto-Heaven and Two World Island will also have plans.”

“Let’s just follow future arrangements,” said Meng Chuan. He felt as though the future was shrouded in fog, making it difficult to see clearly.

What did the future hold? In what direction was the human world heading in?

Meng Chuan had no idea. He only knew that he needed to become stronger. With Demon Slayer in hand, he would massacre demons in his wake!

...

After the Great Relocation Plan ended, Meng Chuan and company waited for half a month before a Marquis Godfiend—Marquis Swallow Mountain—took over Jiang State Capital.

“Have a pleasant journey.” Marquis Swallow Mountain, Dean Chang, and the other Godfiends came to send them off.

The three of them jumped onto the bird’s back. The bird spread its wings and soared into the sky, passing through clouds and disappearing from sight.

“I wonder when we will meet again.” Dean Chang sighed. “It’s really all thanks to Senior Brother Zhang and the others.”

“Even if I were to guard Jiang State Capital personally, I wouldn’t have done it any better.”

For the past seven months, Meng Chuan and company had contributed greatly to Jiang State Capital.

During the large-scale attack that fateful day, the demon monarchs charged into the city began massacring the population. They had suffered great losses back then—over 100,000 casualties. However, even if a Marquis Godfiend guarded Jiang State Capital, they would still be powerless to deal with the situation. In fact, a Marquis Godfiend wasn’t even as fast as Meng Chuan when it came to chasing demon monarchs! The trio’s achievement of slaying the fourth Firmament Skydemon, Blackwater Palace Lord, was very astonishing.

After that, Jiang State Capital didn’t encounter any more attacks.

...

The bird flew high into the clouds as Meng Chuan and company drank and chatted. With their new orders, they would be separated completely.

After all, with Marquis Godfiends guarding various areas, the three of them no longer needed to be together.

Although some fourth Firmament demon monarchs still lurked, Godfiends never paid much attention while riding birds. Firstly, the world was vast, so the probability of encountering one another was very low. Secondly, a fourth Firmament demon monarch didn’t have the guys to fly for too long. It was too easy for them to be discovered if they did so. Since the Marquis Godfiends no longer had to protect the small and medium-sized city passes, they would be finished the moment they were discovered.

“We’ve arrived at Archean Mountain.” Late into the night, the bird finally arrived at Archean Mountain.

Meng Chuan returned to his cave abode at Bright Scenic Peak and gently knocked on the door.

The door to the cave abode opened, and Steward Liu welcomed him personally.

“My lord.” Steward Liu was rather excited. “Recently, many Godfiends returned to Archean Mountain. I figured that you were coming back. Now, only two old servants clean the residence. I will have the other servants back here tomorrow morning.”

“Oh, is Qiyue back?” inquired Meng Chuan.

Steward Liu was taken aback as he shook his head. “No!”

“Oh? The Great Relocation Plan is over, but she hasn’t returned?” Meng Chuan frowned slightly before walking into his cave abode and instructing, “Prepare some hot water for me. I want to take a bath.”

“Yes.” Steward Liu was extremely happy. He and two old servants handled the upkeep of the cave abode since Meng Chuan had descended the mountain. Meng Chuan’s return delighted them.

...

The next morning, Meng Chuan arrived at Dao Exchange Peak.

Dao Exchange Peak was a place for Godfiends to gather. Now that a large group of Godfiends had returned, Dao Exchange Peak was even more lively.

“Senior Brother Meng!”

“Senior Brother Meng is here!”

The moment Meng Chuan arrived at Dao Exchange Peak, he realized that it was extremely lively. Several hundred Godfiends gathered here, having a great time socializing. When they saw Meng Chuan, many came to welcome him immediately.

“Senior Brother Meng has greatly boosted the morale of our Archean Mountain. Only three fourth Firmament Skydemons were killed across the three great sects. Senior Brother Meng, Senior Zhang Yunfeng, and Senior Brother Yang Fang joined forces to kill one. Impressive.” A bearded Godfiend laughed loudly. Almost all the Godfiends present were older than Meng Chuan! After all, the younger disciples—who had yet to leave the mountain—were still cultivating arduously. They only came to Dao Exchange Peak three times a month!

All the Godfiends currently at Dao Exchange Peak had just returned from outside. They were rather old, and it was rare for people below the age of fifty to be present. However, Godfiends respected the strong. Meng Chuan’s joint feat of killing a fourth Firmament Skydemon had proven his strength.

“Our Archean Mountain’s Great Solar Godfiends killed two fourth Firmament Skydemons. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Great Solar Godfiends managed to kill only one fourth Firmament Skydemon. We crushed them.”

“Black Sand Grotto-Heaven has always been competing with our Archean Mountain. They really lost to us this time.” Several older Godfiends chatted jovially.

Among the three great sects, Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven were on par with each other, so they naturally competed with each other. This was a friendly competition. As for Two World Island? There was no need to compare. Two World Island was much weaker than the two sects.

“Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Sister Yang.” Meng Chuan saw his two old friends from North River Pass.

“Junior Brother Meng.” Zhang Yunhu and Yang Xingwu were also quite happy.

The three of them sat down.

“Junior Brother Meng, you really contributed big this time,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile. “It’s impressive that you can kill a fourth Firmament Skydemon.”

“Don’t flatter me. I was only supporting our Senior Brothers. It was mainly Senior Brother Zhang Yunfeng and Senior Brother Yang Fang that did all the work,” said Meng Chuan immediately. “Oh, by the way, any updates on North River Pass?”

“It’s doing good.” Zhang Yunhu smiled and said, “I have deep feelings for North River Pass. On the way back to Archean Mountain, Xingwu and I took a detour to the North River Pass and saw Marquis Heavenstar, Junior Brother Fan, Junior Sister Liu, and the others.”

“How are Qiyue and the others?” pressed Meng Chuan. Zhang Yunhu had his own bird, so he could go wherever he wanted. Meng Chuan planned on buying one on this trip back to Archean Mountain.

Yang Xingwu smiled and said, “It looks like Junior Brother Meng is worried about his wife. Don’t worry. With Marquis Heavenstar around, it’s very safe. The city’s mortal population has already left. Even Marquis Heavenstar and the others are secretly hiding in the shadows.”

“Hiding in the shadows?” Meng Chuan was stunned.

“That’s right. They are pretending as though they have completely abandoned the city,” said Zhang Yunhu with a smile. “Demon monarchs will enter on a large scale. Every time they come, Marquis Heavenstar and company will kill them all! They are deliberately letting them in before killing them.”

Yang Xingwu said, “According to Marquis Heavenstar, they killed quite a number of demon monarchs in the beginning. Later on, the demons discovered that we were secretly ambushing them. Therefore, they are very cautious now.”

“Don’t worry. Junior Sister Liu will return to Archean Mountain soon,” said Zhang Yunhu. “Archean Mountain will assign us new missions again.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

“Senior Brother Meng.” A voice suddenly sounded. “Senior Brother Meng, your wife is here!”

Meng Chuan jolted to his feet and looked into the distance. Liu Qiyue—who was carrying her bow and quiver on her back—had already appeared at the distant entrance. Clearly, she had not returned to her cave abode and had headed straight for Dao Exchange Peak.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue immediately saw Meng Chuan.

“Qiyue.” Seeing his wife appear in front of him, Meng Chuan couldn’t help but feel relieved. He immediately walked over.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188 - Earl Conferment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The couple stared at each other, speechless.

Meng Chuan realized that Qiyue’s aura had become even sharper. She had yet to suppress the baneful aura—that formed as a result from staying on the battlefield for a long time. Liu Qiyue had likely killed many demons in the last few months.

“Are you all right?” Meng Chuan finally asked.

“There’s no danger with Master around,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “We deliberately acted as though we had completely withdrawn from North River Pass until the end. When the demons entered on a large scale, we constantly killed them with Master. Master killed the powerful demon monarchs. We killed the weak demon monarchs. By the way, what about you? I heard that you, Senior Brother Zhang Yunfeng, and Senior Yang Fang, killed a fourth Firmament Skydemon.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. “That day was most intense. Many Godfiends died in battle, but the demons suffered great losses too. The subsequent battles’ danger eased significantly.”

As the two chatted, Senior Brother Zhang Yunhu and Senior Sister Yang Xingwu walked over.

Liu Qiyue greeted them. “Senior Brother Zhang, Senior Sister Yang.”

Yang Xingwu smiled and said, “The moment Junior Brother Meng arrived at Dao Exchange Peak, he asked us about you. The two of you are so affectionate.”

Liu Qiyue smiled brightly as she listened.

“Where’s Junior Brother Fan Cheng?” asked Zhang Yunhu.

“He went back to his cave abode first. He will probably take some time to come over,” Liu Qiyue explained. She suddenly saw a figure in the distance. Surprised, she led Meng Chuan over and said, “Senior Brother Zhang, please excuse us. Ah Chuan, follow me.”

“Oh?” Meng Chuan followed Liu Qiyue into the distance. Hundreds of Godfiends gathered in small cliques. There were plenty of people gathered at Dao Exchange Peak.

“Qian Yu?” Meng Chuan also noticed who it was.

Qian Yu was chatting with other Godfiends. He no longer looked disheartened. His hair was a little white, making him appear much more haggard. However, with Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul, he could sense that Qian Yu’s aura was much stronger than before. He could be considered powerful among Great Solar Godfiends.

“Senior Brother Qian.” Liu Qiyue brought Meng Chuan over. They had both been worried about Qian Yu back then. However, they never saw him again after they left the mountain.

“Junior Sister Liu.” When Qian Yu saw her, he couldn’t help but smile. “Brother-in-law, you didn’t invite me when you got married.”

Liu Qiyue immediately explained, “Ah Chuan and I got married at North River Pass. All our fellow disciples have matters to tend to, so we didn’t invite anyone.”

Qian Yu nodded with a smile before looking at Meng Chuan. His eyes lit up. “Brother-in-law, you’re really impressive. It’s only been three years since you left the mountain, but you’ve already accumulated five million credits! You will probably be conferred the title of earl, am I right? The number of demon monarchs and Skydemons that died to your hands is much more than what we’ve killed.”

Now, Qian Yu was most impressed with his fellow disciples that killed many demon monarchs and Skydemons.

Meng Chuan was the most stunning person among them! Not only did he kill a large number of demon monarchs and Skydemons, but he had also killed a fourth Firmament Skydemon after cooperating with two senior brothers.

“We were lucky,” said Meng Chuan. “I only managed to accumulate five million credits by stealing some of Senior Brother Zhang Yunfeng and Senior Brother Yang Fang’s hard work.”

“Junior Brother Meng, I think it was the two of us who stole your hard work.” Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang walked over with a smile. Zhang Yunfeng smiled. “Without you, we would have lost our lives. Without us, you would’ve shaken off the fourth Firmament Skydemon and demon monarchs easily.”

The credit they gained for killing Blackwater Palace Lord was immense. Blackwater Palace Lord’s bounty was set at ten million credits! Meng Chuan and company split the credits evenly. This allowed Meng Chuan to have over five million accumulated credits. He was qualified for earlship.

“The battle was harrowing,” said Meng Chuan. “The three of us worked together and barely managed to kill Blackwater Palace Lord.”

“Yes, it was indeed harrowing.” Yang Fang and Zhang Yunfeng nodded.

The trio succeeded by giving their all when they met Blackwater Palace Lord.

As for Greater Demon Monarch Zhuang Fu? Even if the trio joined forces, it was useless. The difference in strength was too great.

“Junior Brother Qian, you seem to have switched to the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage?” Zhang Yunfeng looked at Qian Yu and asked in surprise.

“Yes.” Qian Yu nodded. “My dantian was destroyed, and I lost most of my strength. Thus, I begged Master, and Master gave me this path. Our human’s Body Tempering Godfiend lineage has only been established for a few centuries after all. There are too many imperfections, but we still need Godfiends to try it out personally. Only with enough experience can the formula become complete. To begin with, I was a Great Solar Godfiend, so it’s quite rare for someone like me to switch to the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage. Master aided me in my Body Tempering cultivation. There was a 50% chance of failure—which would result in me being completely crippled or even dying. But I succeeded! My overall strength is much greater than before.”

“Congratulations,” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue said.

“It’s just that it seems to have drained quite a bit of your lifespan,” said Zhang Yunfeng.

“Master will have a higher chance of success in future attempts,” said Qian Yu with a smile. “Also, it’s already not bad that we succeeded. It’s not a big deal losing 50 years of lifespan. At the very least, I’m stronger than the demon monarchs when fighting them head-on.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

His father cultivated the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage, but there were too many flaws in its formula. Archean Mountain Inner sect disciples were forbidden from cultivating it. Outer sect disciples could choose the Body Tempering Lineage, but very few chose this path.

The physical body cultivation system he obtained from Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven was complete. Just the first realm required a first-level Essence Soul. Furthermore, he needed Cosmos Crystals to gain basic mastery. The tiny crystal he obtained back then was a Cosmos Crystal. This was something that only existed in the cultivation system’s original homeworld. The human world didn’t produce any Cosmos Crystals. Therefore, Meng Chuan’s physical body cultivation would stop at the Blood Droplet realm.

The humans’ Body Tempering lineage didn’t need Cosmos Crystals. However, Qian Yu’s current strength represented the limits of the Body Tempering lineage. It was also because he was originally a Great Solar Godfiend; otherwise, it would be difficult for him to master it.

...

Meng Chuan and his wife chatted with many familiar friends on Dao Exchange Peak. Following that, they returned to their cave abodes. In the afternoon, the couple headed to Fluttering Snow Peak to visit Yan Jin.

Whoosh~

Snow fluttered everywhere.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue came to the lonely cave abode. Fluttering Snow Peak was too remote and lonely, and up until now, only Yan Jin had chosen to stay here.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

The door opened.

A servant glanced outside and immediately greeted respectfully, “Lord Meng Chuan, Lady Liu Qiyue.” He recognized the two. Ever since the duo left the mountain, no one had visited Yan Jin. Yan Jin didn’t interact with his fellow disciples and cultivated alone.

“Tell Yan Jin that we are visiting,” said Meng Chuan.

“My lords, please wait a moment.” The servant smiled and nodded, then walked into the cave abode.

...

In an ice chamber in the cave abode.

The chamber was carved out of a huge block of ice. This was a massive chamber Yan Jin had excavated himself.

He sat in the lotus position, emitting an infinite chill. Despite the terrifying chill, a flame burned brightly in his body.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Yan Jin opened his eyes, his gaze—cold and emotionless. Having cultivated alone for a long time, he had completely forgotten about his emotions. All he knew was cultivation. His temperament gradually resembled the creator of the Icefire Seven Absolutes Black Metal Sutra. Only then did he truly achieve Lesser Mastery. He had already reached the Fire Soul realm and Ice Soul realm. He was now trying to fuse them into the Icefire Soul. Once he succeeded in fusing them, he would reach the Great Solar realm. He would then be able to leave the mountain.

It was astonishing that he had achieved such accomplishments in the past 14 years on the mountain. After all, not everyone was Xue Feng, Meng Chuan, and Liu Qiyue.

“What is it?” asked Yan Jin. The coldness in his voice caused the servant’s heart to tighten.

“My lord, Lord Meng Chuan and Lady Liu Qiyue are here,” said the servant respectfully.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are back? Yan Jin was stunned, the coldness in his eyes melting a little. He immediately stood up and walked out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189 - Blood Red Cliff Convocation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue saw Yan Jin, they were both shocked.

Yan Jin’s aura was cold, one that kept others from approaching him. Compared to when Meng Chuan left the mountain three years ago, Yan Jin’s aura was much colder. Even Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue found it somewhat uncomfortable.

“You came. Come on in,” said Yan Jin.

The two entered and entered a hall. The three of them sat down.

“Yan Jin, look at you. You look like an ice block,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Don’t go astray with your cultivation.”

Yan Jin looked at Meng Chuan without saying a word.

“Hahaha.” Meng Chuan immediately changed the topic after being stared at. “Right, Qiyue and I are already married. It happened about a year ago.”

“Congratulations.” Yan Jin looked at the two of them.

“It’s a pity you haven’t left the mountain.” Meng Chuan sighed.

“Quickly, have a child,” Yan Jin said.

Meng Chuan was taken aback, but Liu Qiyue smiled brightly and said, “I’ve discussed it with Ah Chuan. When we settle down in a safer environment, the two of us will have a child.”

“Teach your children well after you give birth,” said Yan Jin.

“Don’t worry. I’ll teach him well.” Meng Chuan reassured Yan Jin. I’ll teach him saber arts personally.” He then asked, “Yan Jin, why are you so terse now?”

Yan Jin ignored his question. He had already tried his best to say as much as he could.

“Yan Jin, after we have a child, why don’t you be our child’s godfather,” Liu Qiyue said with a smile.

“Alright.” Yan Jin nodded, his eyes turning gentler. He had recalled the past.

“How’s your cultivation?” asked Meng Chuan. Yan Jin was too obstinate in his cultivation. In reality, Yan Jin was very talented. Despite having an Essence Soul and high cultivation efficiency, Yan Jin was not slower than him before they came to Archean Mountain. In fact, Yan Jin was a few months younger than him.

“It will take months to a few years before I can leave the mountain,” said Yan Jin.

“Are you aware of what happened off the mountain in the past year?” asked Meng Chuan.

“I know.” Yan Jin nodded. “It’s a pity that I can’t go down the mountain to kill demons.” Since he had mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body and a Black Metal Sutra, his Nine Mystical Caves test was naturally much harder.

...

Meng Chuan and Yan Jin chatted with each other. Although Yan Jin had become a man of few words, he tried his best to speak more. He hadn’t said as much in the past three years than what he said to the couple today.

After chatting for about two hours, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue left.

Yan Jin sent them out the door.

As the couple departed amidst the snow, Yan Jin watched silently for a long time before returning to his cave abode.

That night, another person came to visit Yan Jin.

“Seventh Brother, Seventh Brother.” Xue Feng wanted to hug Yan Jin excitedly, but Yan Jin took a step back.

“What is it?”

“I kept having missions and was unable to return.” Xue Feng smiled as he looked at Yan Jin. “Only after so many Godfiends were sent back could I finally come back to visit you. Why have you become so silent? Your cultivation has made you turn cold. Back then, I told you not to cultivate the Icefire Seven Absolutes. The creator of this Black Metal Sutra was emotionless.”

“I’m doing good,” Yan Jin said.

“Alright then, there is quite a number in history that managed to cultivate the Icefire Seven Absolutes to a certain level of profundity. Furthermore, this Black Metal Sutra mentions that although one is to be emotionless, one needs to have extreme emotion...” Xue Feng said.

Yan Jin listened to his fifth brother’s chatter silently. Only his fifth brother treated him well when he was young.

“Fifth Brother, how have you been all these years?” Yan Jin finally asked.

“Same old? Killing demons and cultivating,” said Xue Feng with a smile. “What I’m most vexed about is the Essence Soul. I haven’t been able to condense an Essence Soul. If I can condense an Essence Soul, I will be conferred the title of marquis! Many powerful Regis Godfiends in history were conferred the title of marquis in their thirties. I’m already 37.”

Yan Jin stared at him. In terms of cultivation progress, Yan Jin was much slower than him.

Xue Feng smiled awkwardly and immediately said, “Right, I brought you some gifts.” With that said, he took out a gift from his bag.

Yan Jin watched silently from the side. He could sense Xue Feng’s care and concern for him. If Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were friends that had fought in life-and-death battles together, then Xue Feng was the elder brother who cared and was concerned about him.

Yan Jin silently enjoyed this feeling. After mastering Icefire Seven Absolutes’ basic Iceheart, he nearly became emotionless. This made his yearning for emotion grow stronger.

...

The next day, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue headed to Blood Red Cliff.

Over 10,000 Godfiend projections appeared beside Blood Red Cliff. Many Godfiends came, and everyone watched quietly.

“What?” Meng Chuan suddenly saw a certain projection and couldn’t help but be shocked. “Junior Brother Ning?”

“Junior Brother Ning Yibo died in battle?” Liu Qiyue was also shocked. The two of them had chatted with a lot of people yesterday at Dao Exchange Peak, but they didn’t hear news of him dying in battle.

They scanned the many projections carefully. Most disciples knew each other. Out of their batch of disciples, only Ning Yibo had died in battle.

Ning Yibo—the chivalrous young man—was amiable and well-liked among his cohort. To see his projection suddenly appear, Meng Chuan couldn’t believe it.

In the projection, Ning Yibo was dressed in a silver robe and carried a sword on his back. His smile was radiant, filled with confidence for the future.

“Junior Brother Ning.” Meng Chuan’s heart ached. He looked at the projections of his fellow disciples who had died in battle and felt even more grief. The number of Godfiends who died in battle seemed like a statistic, but when it happened to a fellow disciple who shared alcohol and music with him, the grief they felt was much stronger.

“Let’s go in and take a look,” Liu Qiyue said softly.

Meng Chuan nodded.

The couple entered Blood Red Cliff’s cave. Gems were embedded into the cave walls, and the gems’ faint glow illuminated the stone walls that were carved with names.

The two walked all the way to the end. They saw the latest names and the words “Ning Yibo.”

“Our Great Zhou Dynasty lost a total of 325 Godfiends during the Great Relocation. Among them, 51 were Archean Mountain inner sect disciples.” A Godfiend spoke in a low voice. “This is equivalent to the combined losses of the past two to three years.”

Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

It was for the sake of the people that had lived in the small and medium-sized city passes. Across the world, the total casualties numbered nearly ten million. Over 800 Godfiends had died in battle. Over a hundred inner sect disciples from the three major sects had died in battle! How many disciples were recruited every year? The losses were indeed painful.

Someone even wondered—was it worth it?

However, the human race’s upper echelons were determined to carry out this plan.

“Too many Godfiends have been lost this year. If this continues for years, Archean Mountain won’t be able to take the loss.”

“It’s only this year. In the future, it will be much better. At the very least, the number of new Godfiends needs to be more than the Godfiends that die in battle. This will allow us to continue fighting the demons for a long time.” Disciples whispered to each other.

After mourning for a long period of time, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue quietly left.

...

It was rare for a large number of Godfiends to return to Archean Mountain. They would immediately leave the mountain once they received their deployment orders. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue came back rather late, so they had yet to receive their orders.

Meng Chuan had plenty of credit. He first went to exchange for the treasures he needed and accepted the intent legacy of the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body’s second volume.

To accept an intent legacy, one had to condense an Essence Soul. Condensing an Essence Soul at the age of 32? Although it would be considered outstanding, it was no longer eye-catching. After all, many Godfiends had become Marquis Godfiends in their thirties.

Now, I’m at the peak of the Saber Soul realm. If I improve further, I’ll achieve Saber Dao. Receiving a complete legacy will give me a greater chance of breaking through to the Darkstar realm. Meng Chuan handed the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body book to Elder Yi.

“Meng Chuan, you’ve received more than five million credits now. What title do you want the Imperial Court to give you?” asked Elder Yi with a smile. When Meng Chuan took the initiative to show his Essence Soul, his attitude became even better. It meant that Meng Chuan had already met one of the major requirements for becoming a Marquis Godfiend. After all, the sword genius, Xue Feng, was only an Essence Soul short of becoming a Marquis Godfiend.

“Title?” Meng Chuan hesitated.

“Usually, unless you have a special request, most marquis and king conferments will be the same as your earl title,” said Elder Yi. “Of course, if you can become a Creation Supremacy, the Imperial Court won’t have the right to confer you a title.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. “I’ll use my hometown’s name—Eastcalm.”

His father had always wanted him to be the pride of his family and the pride of his hometown!

Eastcalm Prefecture was considered an ordinary prefecture in Wu State. In this generation, he was considered the strongest in Eastcalm Prefecture.

“Earl Eastcalm? Marquis Eastcalm?” Elder Yi nodded slightly. “That sounds good.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190 - Settling in Gu Mountain Prefecture (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“The Imperial Court will send messengers to your hometown and the Meng family’s residence to announce the conferment of the noble title and bestow a seal,” said Elder Yi with a smile. “You can return to your hometown and personally receive the conferment. You can also choose to skip it. Just let the clan leader receive it on your behalf. Many Godfiends leave it to their clan leaders.”

“I’ll have it received on my behalf.” Meng Chuan nodded.

He would return to his hometown to take a look, but he wasn’t stupid enough to wait there. Who knew when the Imperial Court’s messenger team would arrive? Furthermore, the so-called conferment of earlship, marquisate, or kingship was not taken seriously by Godfiends. This was because Godfiends were powerful because of their individual strength!

Once one became a Darkstar Godfiend, the Imperial Court would take the initiative to confer the title of marquis to them. Once one became an Incessant Godfiend, the Imperial Court would take the initiative to confer kingship. A noble title was ultimately a byproduct of strength. Everyone respected Marquis Godfiends and Regis Godfiends because of their strength!

...

On the fifth day after returning to Archean Mountain, Meng Chuan went to a banquet with his wife.

Zhang Yunfeng stood inside a hall, raised his cup, and looked at the other guests with a smile. “I’ve been fighting demons all my life. I’ve also used forbidden Godfiend spells countless times. I’ve even managed to live to a ripe old age of 189. It’s all thanks to this Indestructible Divine Body. Haha, it’s the best for treating injuries on one’s own body.”

The Godfiends all laughed. Indeed, in this era, it was very difficult for a Great Solar Godfiend to live to 189 years of age.

“I still have about a year left to live. I don’t have any missions left,” said Zhang Yunfeng with a smile. “I’ll head down the mountain tomorrow and take a good look at the world. I’ll enjoy whatever food the world has to offer and enjoy its scenery. I’ll kill demons in passing as well. When I’m about to die, I’ll return to my hometown. When that happens, I won’t be troubling all my old friends any further.”

Meng Chuan, Yang Fang, and the other Godfiends had mixed feelings.

Zhang Yunfeng was close to the end of his lifespan, so Archean Mountain didn’t give Zhang Yunfeng any missions during their deployments.

“To be honest, I haven’t had a chance to explore the world properly in my life. I’m really looking forward to it,” Zhang Yunfeng said with a sigh before raising his cup. “Most of those who came today are here because we forged a friendship through experiencing life-and-death battles together. Today’s dinner is a farewell party. After that, we will be scattered across the world. Here, let’s toast.”

All the Godfiends raised their cups and drank.

Meng Chuan and Zhang Yunfeng had worked together for over half a year, and they had become good friends due to protecting each other. As for the Godfiends present, some had a deeper relationship with Zhang Yunfeng.

When the banquet ended, Zhang Yunfeng said loudly, “There’s no banquet that lasts forever. Let’s part ways here. An old man like me can now slack off and eat the delicacies of the world. As for the matter of fighting the demons, I’ll depend on everybody here.”

“Senior Brother Zhang, don’t worry. We will not be soft when killing demons.”

“Senior Brother Zhang, don’t worry. We will definitely win the war with the demons.”

One Godfiend after another made promises.

After everything came to an end, the Godfiends finally dispersed. Before dawn the next day, Zhang Yunfeng went down the mountain alone and began to admire the mountains and rivers. There were many places he had never seen before.

...

The Godfiends on Archean Mountain were sent down the mountain in batches.

In the evening, Meng Chuan was painting in the study while Liu Qiyue practiced her calligraphy.

“My lord, Elder Yi is here.” Steward Liu’s voice came from outside the study.

Elder Yi? Meng Chuan’s heart skipped a beat. He stopped painting and exchanged glances with his wife, Liu Qiyue.

“Our transfer orders should be here,” Liu Qiyue said.

Meng Chuan nodded and immediately went to the cave abode’s entrance with his wife to welcome Elder Yi.

Elder Yi walked over the snow and smiled. “Are you painting and practicing calligraphy? I can smell the fragrance of ink.”

“It’s just a random scrawl. Elder, please.” Meng Chuan and his wife welcomed the Elder and led him into the hall.

Inside the hall, maidservants prepared tea.

The three of them sat down, and the maidservant naturally left. Only the three of them were left in the hall.

“Your transfer orders are here,” said Elder Yi with a smile.

The duo jolted to attention.

Elder Yi took out two squarish white jade tokens. The front of each token had the words “Patrol,” and he handed them to Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

“Patrol?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue received the token. Looking at it, they saw the same map carved on it. The map was roughly the area around Wu State and Qian State.

“Now that all small and medium-sized city passes have been abandoned, the number of Godfiends needed at the seven major city passes has been greatly reduced,” said Elder Yi. “Most of our Archean Mountain Godfiends have become a part of Earth Net. They will be distributed in a way that they form a huge net that spans the world! We can kill gathered demons at any time.

“Furthermore, military conscription has been modified. Mortals will have to serve in the military for three years when they reach the age of 20. They do not need to fight on the battlefield during those three years. Instead, they will be responsible for patrolling the world,” said Elder Yi. “We shall mobilize countless soldiers across the world, making this net impregnable and inescapable. Every village fort in the world will become an important intelligence node.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

This net was indeed very secure. With countless mortal soldiers as the eyes and the forts as intelligence nodes, the cities would become the center. Large groups of Godfiends could be deployed at any time.

“Earth Net can easily kill common ordinary demons and weaker demon monarchs,” said Elder Yi. “If we encounter powerful demon monarchs and bigger threats, we will have to send Patrollers to deal with the issue.

“Patrollers will mostly be Marquis and Regis Godfiends, but a few peak Great Solar Godfiends will take on the duties as well. After all, many demons will enter our human world. Even Marquis Godfiends and Regis Godfiends won’t be able to deal with everything by themselves.

“The two of you are a team. You will advance and retreat together.” Elder Yi looked at the two and said with a smile, “The area you are in charge of is Wu State’s Gu Mountain Prefecture and the area 500 kilometers around it. If your help is needed, your Patroller tokens will alert you.”

“Understood.” The two nodded.

“The two of you will usually live in Gu Mountain Prefecture. As for which compound you will live in? You can choose it yourselves. Remember, don’t let the outside world know about your hidden Godfiend identities,” said Elder Yi. “From now on, most of our Archean Mountain Godfiends will go incognito across the world. If we reveal their true identities, demon monarchs might attempt to assassinate our Godfiends.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue understood the need for secrecy.

“Disguise yourself as mortals and live in seclusion in Gu Mountain Prefecture. You will lead normal lives like mortals,” said Elder Yi. “If you receive a mission, you are to complete them immediately. Of course, I don’t think there will be many missions assigned to either of you. Powerful demon monarchs will be handled by Marquis Godfiends. The weaker ones will be settled by Earth Net directly. You will perhaps be mobilized a few times a year.

“Also, the fact that the two of you are living in Gu Mountain Prefecture is also a secret! In Archean Mountain, only Archean Mountain Lord, the Supremacy, and I know of your whereabouts. Don’t tell your family or your friends. Once your location is known, the demons and Skydemon Sect might learn of it after some investigation. They might even send a fourth Firmament demon monarch to Gu Mountain Prefecture to seek you out.

“Also, as Patrollers, there’s no need to handle any trivial matters. No Godfiend can order you. The two of you can only be commanded by Archean Mountain directly,” said Elder Yi.

...

Meanwhile, in Eastcalm Prefecture, the Imperial Court’s messengers arrived at the Meng family’s ancestral mansion. Meng Dajiang led his clansmen to welcome them.

The Imperial Court’s messengers publicly announced the conferment of a noble title! This shocked many people who watched from afar. This was because ever since the Great Zhou Dynasty was established, no one in Eastcalm Prefecture had ever been conferred a noble title!

“Earl Eastcalm, Meng Chuan?”

“Young Master Meng is impressive. Back then, I knew he was amazing. In just over ten years, he has been made an earl.”

“In a few years, he might be conferred the title of marquis.”

“Our Eastcalm Prefecture has also produced a powerful Godfiend.”

“I wonder if Young Master Meng Chuan can become a Regis Godfiend.”

The people of Eastcalm Prefecture felt honored and proud. As for the other Godfiend family clans in Eastcalm Prefecture, they were poignant. Fairy Meng had died from severe injuries, but Meng Chuan rose to prominence almost immediately. He had taken first place in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. How long had it been since he entered Archean Mountain before he was made an earl? Only a few Great Solar Godfiends could manage such feats. Furthermore, it usually took a long time to accumulate enough credit.

To be conferred earlship at such a young age? He’ll probably be conferred the title of marquis in the future!

Meng Chuan has been made an earl? Yun Fu’an sat in the study, looking considerably older. His father, Yun Wanhai, had died in battle. Yun Wanhai had left the Yun family his treasures and credit. They naturally had plenty of savings, but if they didn’t produce a new Godfiend, their clan would gradually decline.

Seeing Meng Chuan soar in prominence, Yun Fu’an truly felt regretful. He was a man who was good at dealing with people. He was good at praising the mighty and trampling the weak. Unfortunately, even if he were to slap himself, Meng Chuan—a Great Solar Godfiend—no longer had any relationship with the Yun family.

Isn’t it just a daughter? Why was I in such a rush to annul the engagement? Why was I so stupid? Yun Fu’an vented his emotions in the study.

He had missed his chance, one that would forever be missed.

...

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived at Gu Mountain Prefecture on a bird.

“From today onwards, this will be our home.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue stood in a compound. The two of them had personally chosen it at a broker. They had only chosen it after seeing several ones.

There was no term limit to their job as Patrollers. The couple would likely stay here for a long time.

“Good.” Liu Qiyue looked at the compound in satisfaction. A gray sparrow-like bird flew above the compound and landed on Liu Qiyue’s shoulder. It was a third Firmament demon monarch and cost the couple 1.5 million credits. Ever since the demons entered the human world en masse, birds became much cheaper on Archean Mountain. There was now a 50% decrease in price.

This bird could change its size. Usually, it would be the size of a palm. It also had a mystic technique given by Archean Mountain—which allowed it to restrain its aura within its body and disguise itself as a mortal bird.

“We’re only short of a child now.” Meng Chuan looked at the compound and smiled at his wife.

Liu Qiyue laughed as well.

It was time to have a child as they lived a peaceful life in seclusion.

Final Chapter of Volume—Undercurrents

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191 - Demon Monarch Congregation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By the East Lan River, in one of the many residences of Gu Mountain Prefecture City, there was an additional family. The neighbors knew that the household’s owner had Meng as their surname, and he was quite friendly.

Creak.

The door opened, and a guard said respectfully, “Madam.”

Liu Qiyue smiled and nodded as she walked into the compound. The compound wasn’t large, so the couple only hired two servants. One was an elderly man in his fifties—who had served on the battlefield only to have his Quintessential Energy crippled. He was still quite fit, so he was hired by Meng Chuan to watch over the house and clean it. The other was a middle-aged woman—who was in charge of washing clothes and cooking. The two servants were enough to manage all household matters.

These ordinary compounds usually had several servants. Some people—who were middle-class citizens—didn’t hire servants. They did the household chores themselves.

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue came to the study and pushed open the door. She could see Meng Chuan painting seriously.

Liu Qiyue didn’t say anything. Instead, she stood to the side and watched.

He was working on a long scroll—the rightmost part of the painting. With a glance, Liu Qiyue could tell that it was depicting North River Pass. The Godfiends led a large number of soldiers to guard the city pass and fend off the demons.

It’s drawn so well. Liu Qiyue was somewhat shocked. The heavily injured soldiers on the outer city wall fought the demons ferociously. This seemed to play out before her eyes.

Liu Qiyue had experienced many demon invasions at North River Pass. Every invasion led to a large number of soldiers dying or becoming crippled... Meng Chuan only drew a small portion of them, but he brought out the tragedy in those scenes.

She could tell that Meng Chuan had put a lot of effort into the painting. The eyes of a soldier were exquisitely drawn. He was extremely patient. He probably spent an hour painting that soldier—which he put more effort in.

“You’re back?” Meng Chuan smiled and lowered his brush.

“Not painting any longer?” Liu Qiyue asked in surprise. “It’s not finished yet.”

“I won’t finish that quickly,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “This painting will probably take a month or two to complete. There’s no rush.”

“Why did you suddenly paint the battles at North River Pass?” Liu Qiyue asked curiously, “I’ve never seen you painting so seriously for the past few years.”

Meng Chuan felt a little wistful. For the past three years, he had been fighting demons almost all the time.

“Having been down the mountain for the past three years, I’ve encountered a lot. There are things I wish to depict in paintings.” After saying that, Meng Chuan smiled and asked, “How do you feel after going out shopping around Gu Mountain Prefecture City?”

“Gu Mountain Prefecture City is quite similar to our Eastcalm Prefecture City. They are all prefecture cities of Wu State, and the weather is similar. At first glance, I thought I was in Eastcalm Prefecture,” Liu Qiyue said.

Meng Chuan nodded. “This place is only 300 kilometers away from Eastcalm, so it won’t take us long if we wish to return.”

With his speed, he could reach Eastcalm Prefecture City and rush back very quickly.

Liu Qiyue continued, “I went shopping in the city today. The entire city is now talking about military conscription. They are currently conscripting soldiers on a large scale.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Right now, serving in the military is much safer than before. Mandatory service now lasts three years, but many still serve in the military.”

“That’s right. From the age of 20 to 25, everyone needs to serve in the military,” said Liu Qiyue. “No matter how strong they are, they will have to serve in the military. It will naturally affect the city.”

“I remember there are some exceptions,” said Meng Chuan.

“Those who are only sons can delay their military service. They can start their military service any time within five years,” said Liu Qiyue. “Those who get married and have children can also delay their mandatory service for up to five years. There are other situations where one doesn’t need to serve the military, but they are rather special cases. Ninety-nine percent of the youth population will serve in the military. The only advantage is that military service isn’t as terrible as it used to be. Furthermore, they are serving in their own prefecture.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

The people from Gu Mountain Prefecture completed their mandatory service within Gu Mountain Prefecture. Archean Mountain had set the rules, and the goal of conscripting mortals was to create a massive net! Any demons that appeared would be discovered as soon as possible.

Thus, the locals naturally held the upper hand.

Those who served in the military would have annual leave too, so they could often head home for visits.

“Now, all small and medium-sized city passes in the world have been abandoned. The demons are flooding in. It may be calm in Gu Mountain Prefecture, but many other places are engaged in battle,” said Meng Chuan softly. “When Godfiends fight, they need to find the demon monarchs first. Mortals are the eyes of us Godfiends.”

Liu Qiyue nodded. “Yes. Birds are watching the small and medium-sized World Entrances from the sky. Once the demons enter, powerful Godfiends will be sent in pursuit. This is the first stage of the humans’ interception plan.”

“Those demon monarchs who survive might lurk in the darkness and probably attack many prefecture cities whenever they can,” said Meng Chuan with a frown.

...

The days in Gu Mountain Prefecture were peaceful. No demon monarchs came to stir up trouble. The changes in the military were completely enacted within a month, and Gu Mountain Prefecture City was restored to its normal operations. After all, the prefecture city could still maintain its former bustle even when youths—between the ages of 20 and 25—served in the military.

In the blink of an eye, it was a new year.

In an underground palace—about a hundred kilometers away from Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

“Come, have a drink.”

“Great wine.”

“Everyone, have a taste of this food. It’s made by the humans I abducted. Although these humans are weak, the food they make is very exquisite and delicious. It’s much better than our demons’ crude food,” said Demon Monarch White Fox, who was sitting in the seat of honor. The demon monarchs were rather obedient. After all, Demon Monarch White Fox was a descendant of a demon sage and had high status.

A wolf demon monarch held pieces of roasted meat and ate. He shook his head and praised, “It’s delicious. One piece of meat is sliced and roasted. They even used plenty of seasonings. Why doesn’t our Demon Realm have something similar?”

“Those lesser demons are clumsy. How are they capable of this?”

“Human clothing and buildings are all very exquisite.”

These demon monarchs were extremely intelligent and knew how to appreciate such exquisiteness.

After the meal was almost over, Demon Monarch White Fox finally got down to business. “It’s not easy for everyone to gather here alive after entering the human world.”

“Yes, yes, yes.”

“It really wasn’t easy!”

“The humans say that they have abandoned the small and middle-sized city passes, but in reality, they are watching them in secret. The demon monarchs that enter will be swiftly killed by them. Only half of us can survive after fleeing in all directions.”

“I came from Two World Island’s Great Yue Dynasty territory. The security there is a little weaker. They have even more World Entrances, and there are even fewer powerful Godfiends. After I entered a jungle, I traveled 500 kilometers north to enter the Great Zhou Dynasty.”

“This won’t do. For the past two weeks, Two World Island transferred 29 medium-sized city passes to Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. Their net has become much tighter. The Demon Realm can only send demon monarchs through the various entrances in the world.”

The demon monarchs discussed.

Demon Monarch White Fox smiled as her eyes glowed red. “We came here because we wanted to earn credit! Now, the Demon Realm has given orders for all demon monarchs to scatter across the world and attack the humans! All demon monarchs are to take action alone.”

The demon monarchs present listened carefully.

“Our branch is in charge of attacking Gu Mountain Prefecture,” said Demon Monarch White Fox. “All demon monarchs will take action alone. You can attack village forts or county cities as you please. Those who are bold enough can attack prefecture cities! I have to mention that there will definitely be powerful Godfiends guarding prefecture cities. County cities and village forts will be safer. You’ll earn credit from probing the human’s defenses. If you can kill a Godfiend, the credit will be even greater,” said Demon Monarch White Fox.

“I’ll give Gu Mountain Prefecture’s Chang Valley County a try.”

“I’m going to Gu Mountain Prefecture’s Guchou County.”

The demon monarchs decided their targets one by one.

Some even said, “All of you are going to county cities. I’ll attack the village forts and see if any Godfiends stop me.”

“I’ll attack Gu Mountain Prefecture City!” said an eight-armed demon monarch with a smile as he drank his alcohol. He immediately caused the other demon monarchs to look over.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192 - Eight-Armed Demon Monarch Chan Du
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The demon monarchs present were either towering, ferocious, or charming. They were all extraordinary as they were all third Firmament demon monarchs! After all, second Firmament demon monarchs were not qualified to attend Demon Monarch White Fox’s banquet.

Although the eight-armed demon monarch, Chan Du, was rather powerful, he wasn’t ranked in the top three among the group of third Firmament demon monarchs. Other demon monarchs were unwilling to attack a prefecture city because they knew that powerful Godfiends likely protected them!

“Demon Monarch Chan Du is very bold!” said Demon Monarch White Fox loudly as her eyes lit up.

“Demon Monarch Chan, I’m truly impressed.”

“I’ll leave the reconnaissance of the prefecture city to Demon Monarch Chan.”

The group of demon monarchs praised Chan Du. These demon monarchs were all very cunning. They knew very well how dangerous the human world was! Just the “slaughter” after one exited a World Entrance made them well aware of the fact. They were unwilling to touch the tough nut that was a prefecture city.

“Powerful Godfiends from Archean Mountain, the imperial capital, and state capitals are all guarding prefecture cities.” A green snake demoness laughed. “Demon Monarch Chan, you have to be careful when attacking the city.”

The eight-armed demon monarch immediately smiled and said, “Thank you for your concern, Demon Monarch Greenjade. Among the demon monarchs present, my strength is considered ordinary, but I’m the best at earth escape techniques. Even if the prefecture city has powerful Godfiends, I can still escape underground.”

“In terms of escaping through the earth, you are indeed the best amongst us.” The green snake demoness nodded in approval.

The group of powerful demon monarchs quickly made plans. Gu Mountain Prefecture’s prefecture and county cities would be attacked, and at least five demon monarchs would attack village forts.

“The day the attacks happen is February 1st.” Demon Monarch White Fox glanced at Demon Monarch Greenjade. Without any objections, Demon Monarch Greenjade agreed.

In terms of status and bloodline, Demon Monarch White Fox was supreme. In terms of strength, Demon Monarch Greenjade was the strongest demon monarch present.

...

Gu Mountain Prefecture spanned 235 kilometers from north to south and 155 kilometers from east to west. Eleven counties—with a population in the millions—laid within the prefecture.

After the demon monarchs entered the human world en masse, young soldiers were everywhere in Gu Mountain Prefecture due to military service. However, the entire prefecture was very peaceful since no demon monarchs were discovered.

Morning, February 1st. The weather was still cold. It looked like an ordinary day, but it would forever be remembered by the people of Gu Mountain Prefecture!

“The three of you split up and attack the village forts. Immediately retreat shortly after the attack begins.” Demon Monarch Wolf commanded three ordinary demon monarchs in a mountain cave.

“Yes.” The three ordinary demon monarchs answered respectfully before leaving the cave silently.

Demon Monarch Wolf transformed into a massive black-furred wolf—that was over 60 feet long. He left the mountain in a blur and ran to a distant county city in the vast wilderness. He stirred the Heaven and Earth powers to conceal himself. One couldn’t notice him moving at such high speeds without careful scrutiny.

...

Human county city.

A giant bird flew high in the sky as it looked down at the county city before swooping down.

After third Firmament demon monarchs had entered the human world en masse, avian demon monarchs became common.

After all, the avian lineage had a large population in the Demon Realm. The avian demon monarchs couldn’t just sit by the sidelines of the war just because humans captured them as mounts. The other demons wouldn’t agree either. After all, even demon sage descendants had to participate in the war on a large scale.

...

With so many third Firmament demon monarchs, can we wipe out all ordinary Godfiends of the human race? Demoness Greenjade transformed into a human woman. She traversed hundreds of feet with every step she took in the wilderness as she walked towards a distant human county city.

...

At that moment, all third Firmament demon monarchs at Gu Mountain Prefecture began heading towards their respective targets.

Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were eating breakfast at a tea house. The city in the morning was very lively as people busied themselves in their daily lives.

“The buns at Gu Mountain Prefecture can’t compare to our Eastcalm Prefecture.” Liu Qiyue spoke as she ate. “However, this ginger tea is not bad.”

“Breakfast beverages in Eastcalm Prefecture are like many places—they drink soy milk. Gu Mountain Prefecture is special; they drink ginger tea. I can’t adapt to having ginger tea so early in the morning. Meng Chuan ordered a pot of tea and ate breakfast.

“What’s wrong with ginger tea? It’s delicious and warm.” Liu Qiyue was quite satisfied.

They led a leisurely life in Gu Mountain Prefecture. The two tried to have children, but clearly, conceiving wasn’t that simple! Mortals could spend years trying to have children; likewise, Godfiends also needed some luck.

The couple was very satisfied with their peaceful lives. They even hoped for the world to remain this peaceful. However, the demons that coveted the human world wouldn’t give up so easily. Godfiends like them could only continue fighting.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s expressions suddenly changed as they looked east.

Ignoring the heat of their Demon Seeking Tokens, they could sense the burst of demonic aura in the east with their normal perception.

“Demon monarchs! I’ll head off first!” Meng Chuan instantly disappeared from the table.

Outside the prefecture city.

Before a bear demon reached the city, it was discovered by the patrolling soldiers outside the city. They shot arrows from afar. The bear demon stopped hiding as it released its demonic energy and charged towards the prefecture city at the fastest speed possible.

I’m discovered before I reach the city. His Majesty gave instructions to hit and run after entering the city. Now that I’m exposed, why don’t I kill some people at the city wall before running? thought Demon Monarch Bear as he ran.

This bear demon is truly stupid. He was discovered before he even entered the city. This monkey demon monarch was extremely agile. He silently crossed the city wall that was only 100 feet tall, but the soldiers on the city walls didn’t notice him. The monkey demon monarch landed on a tree’s crown and hid within the leaves. He glanced at the running Demon Monarch Bear outside the city and scoffed. He was prepared to begin the massacre.

Suddenly—

Bear Demon Monarch’s head flew up.

What? Demon Monarch Monkey widened his eyes. Who killed him? Why didn’t I see it?

Swoosh.

Following that, he saw a blurry figure—with a cold gaze—standing in front of him.

A monkey head flew up as well.

Meng Chuan first killed Demon Monarch Bear because he sensed his demonic aura first. When he passed by, he sensed the auras a kilometer around him. Although Demon Monarch Monkey had not released his demonic energy, he was still discovered by Meng Chuan.

Therefore, Meng Chuan converged his lightning and instantly killed the two second Firmament demon monarchs. His speed was so fast that even the demon monarchs didn’t see him.

Before the two second Firmament demon monarchs could attack, they were already dead.

Two second Firmament demon monarchs? Meng Chuan stood under a large tree and carefully sensed the area. Soon, Liu Qiyue arrived. “Ah Chuan, have you killed them?”

Meng Chuan frowned and said, “Only two demon monarchs were discovered. They are second Firmament demon monarchs. Why would such weak demon monarchs dare to storm a prefecture city?”

Liu Qiyue nodded as well. “Now that medium-sized city passes are abandoned, many third Firmament demon monarchs should be entering. It’s indeed a little strange for two weak demon monarchs to charge a prefecture city.”

...

In a mountainous forest about 2.5 kilometers east from Gu Mountain Prefecture, the eight-armed demon monarch, Chan Du, stood there with a dark expression. He looked at the distant Gu Mountain Prefecture and saw Demon Monarch Bear’s head flying, but he couldn’t see what happened to Demon Monarch Monkey—who had entered the city.

The bear demon is dead, but I didn’t see how the Godfiend did it. There’s also the monkey demon... It entered the city. Why isn’t there any commotion? How did the Godfiends kill the bear demon? A domain? A sword beam? The eight-armed demon monarch, Chan Du, shook his head. I’m no match for the enemy, no matter what I do. I should retreat.

The eight-armed demon monarch, Chan Du, silently entered the ground and quickly fled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193 - Help
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Gu Mountain Prefecture City, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue carefully observed and sensed the area, but the prefecture city was completely peaceful. No more attacks happened.

“Just two weak demon monarchs? That’s it?”

The couple was somewhat puzzled. Unbeknownst to them, the scene of Demon Monarch Bear being instantly killed despite having a powerful body shocked the eight-armed demon monarch, Chan Du. This made the prefecture city the only place in the entire Gu Mountain Prefecture to not suffer a disaster.

Oh? Meng Chuan felt his token heat up, making him take out his Patroller Token. Two spots on the tokens glowed red. This alarmed him. Chang Valley County and Gaoyu County are requesting help!

“Why isn’t my Patroller token alerting me about the requests for help?” Liu Qiyue took out the Patroller token and was somewhat puzzled. “We are a team.”

Logically speaking, the two of them should be heading out together.

“There is danger inside Gu Mountain Prefecture. The threat level isn’t high. Archean Mountain probably thinks that I can deal with it alone,” said Meng Chuan. “Archean Mountain also wants you to stay in the prefecture city and protect it. Anyway, I’ll set off first.” Meng Chuan didn’t hesitate to leave. He transformed into a bolt of lightning and left the city quickly.

“Be careful.” Liu Qiyue barely had time to exhort him when she saw the lightning disappear into the horizon.

...

Meng Chuan rushed to Chang Valley County. His extreme speed allowed him to now traverse over 2 kilometers in a single flash. Ten seconds after he left the prefecture city, he saw two columns of smoke rising from afar.

Beacon smoke? There are demons! Meng Chuan—who was traveling at high speeds—was shocked and immediately rushed over.

In two flashes, he could see a village fort. Cries could be heard as beacon smoke rose from within the fort. A demon monarch—that was about 80 feet tall and covered in scales—casually swung his huge hammer and destroyed the fort tunnels’ various mechanisms. He crushed the dozens of villagers hiding inside, causing blood to seep out from the ruins.

When Meng Chuan arrived, over a thousand people had already died in the village fort. The casualties had already exceeded 20% of the village fort’s population.

The remaining people despaired as they watched the destruction.

“Demon Monarch, die!”

“Die!” Some held crossbows and fired at the demon monarch. After the crossbow bolts flew out, they were blocked by invisible demonic energy when they were still dozens of feet from the demon monarch.

Mortal weapons posed no threat to second Firmament demon monarchs, much less the third Firmament demon monarch before them.

“Hahaha...” The scaly demon monarch laughed loudly as he continued to slaughter the mortals casually. To him, this was akin to killing tiny bugs. There was no threat at all.

When Meng Chuan saw this, his eyes turned red. He knew that many demon monarchs would enter the human world after the humans had abandoned the small and medium-sized city passes. After this, it would be very common to see demon monarchs engaging in casual slaughter, but seeing it happen in person pained Meng Chuan.

Demon monarchs were supposed to be fought by Godfiends! However, there were no Godfiends stationed here to stop the demon monarch from slaughtering the mortals.

“Die!” Meng Chuan charged over as fast as he could.

Oh? The scaly demon monarch sensed something and turned his head, only to see a bolt of lightning arrive.

“What?” The scaly demon monarch jumped in fright. When the demon monarchs had planned the simultaneous attacks, he had chosen to attack a village fort. He had even sent two demon monarchs—that were under his command—to attack another fort and act as a diversion. So why did the Godfiend arrive here so quickly?

The scaly demon monarch immediately brandished his hammers to block the saber beam, but the saber beam was too fast!

By the time the demon monarch raised his hammer, the saber beam had already struck its body, slicing through his chest. The massive, scaly demon monarch split in two and fell onto the ruined buildings. Dark green blood flowed down the rubble, forming a pool of blood around it.

“It’s dead.”

“It’s dead.” The dozen or so people still alive were watching the battle outside the tunnels. When they saw the invincible demon monarch collapse, they couldn’t help but feel excited.

After the demon monarch died, the bolt of lightning disappeared and headed towards another village fort.

This other village fort was attacked by three demon monarchs that were sent by the scaly demon monarch. Their massacring speed was on par with the scaly demon monarch’s. Beacon smoke could also be seen rising from the village. The fort’s inhabitants were naturally unable to defend against the demon monarchs.

Swoosh!

Meng Chuan arced by the village fort and killed the three ordinary demon monarchs instantly.

Continue heading to Chang Valley County. Meng Chuan didn’t stop moving at all as he leaped towards his next rescue target.

When he was high in the sky, Meng Chuan turned to look at the two village forts—that still had beacon smoke rising from them. Both the forts were damaged greatly and had many casualties.

Is this the result of abandoning the small and medium-sized city passes? Meng Chuan felt an inexplicable sadness when he saw this. He knew that the three sects had made the right choice, but seeing the demons wantonly wreaking havoc made him angry.

I’ll dedicate my entire life to eradicating them. Meng Chuan’s eyes turned colder.

...

In terms of numbers, there were far fewer Great Solar Godfiends than third Firmament demon monarchs. Since humans focused on their elites, Godfiends—especially Archean Mountain Great Solar Godfiends—were, on average, stronger than third Firmament demon monarchs.

Places like Archean Mountain, the imperial capital, the state capitals, and many other places that had Godfiends, had begun dispatching Godfiends to prefecture and county cities. Now, very few Godfiends could be seen in the imperial capital, state capitals, and so on. This was because powerful Godfiends needed to guard the various prefectures and counties.

Apart from Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue—a relatively powerful team—Gu Mountain Prefecture had two other Godfiend teams. These two Godfiend teams lived incognito in the county cities.

What? There are actually four Godfiends hiding in this county city? A 60 foot long black-furred wolf leaped over the city walls and rushed into the county city, causing everyone in the county city to panic. As it began its slaughter, four Godfiends immediately rushed over and surrounded it.

“Demon monarch, you have a death wish!”

A thin youth’s eyes were cold as he cast his cyan thread domain. Countless cyan threads streaked across the sky, enveloped the area, and entangled the black-furred wolf. The black wolf reverted to human form to resist the threads. However, its strength and speed were greatly reduced. Its overall strength had been reduced by 30 percent.

A female Godfiend charged forward with a long spear in hand. A muscular Godfiend—wielding a shield and axe—charged as well. From afar, a skinny, frail-looking Godfiend cast an illusion on the demon monarch.

This Godfiend team consisted of two Great Solar Godfiends and two Indestructible Godfiends! When the four worked together, they could kill third Firmament elite demon monarchs.

“BREAK!” The wolf demon monarch tried to block the spear-wielding female Godfiend whilst being restrained by the domain, but it suddenly felt dizzy. It saw many scenes, and couldn’t help but become confused.

Pfft.

The spear pierced through the wolf demon monarch’s mouth and went through its head completely.

The female Godfiend coldly retracted her spear. The wolf demon monarch died on the spot after having its head impaled.

“I haven’t even attacked yet.” The shield and axe-wielding, brawny Godfiend couldn’t help but laugh. To put it simply, the other three Godfiends had been doing all the work. Only when the demon was suppressed by a domain, influenced by an illusion, and struck by the female Godfiend’s attack, did it instantly die. In terms of head-on collisions, the female Godfiend from Archean Mountain was far stronger than the wolf demon monarch.

“Look over there.” The female Godfiend’s expression changed as she pointed into the distance.

From afar, beacon smoke began to rise. Although it was more than five kilometers away, it was very clear.

“It’s a village fort.” The other three Godfiends’ faces changed.

“Let’s head over quickly.” Under the female Godfiend’s order, they immediately rushed towards the village fort. Their team had to advance and retreat together! They were not allowed to act alone.

Currently, the entire Gu Mountain Prefecture was under attack, but only Meng Chuan and two Godfiend squads were providing reinforcements to the region. There were just too few Godfiends.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194 - Demon Monarch Greenjade and Demon Monarch White Fox
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Virtually all Archean Mountain inner sect disciples became Great Solar Godfiends given enough time. However, Archean Mountain only had over 1000 Godfiends! The Great Zhou Dynasty had 23 states, which contained 430 prefectures in total.

Apart from Meng Chuan, Yang Fang, Xue Feng, and the other Great Solar Godfiends—that had as much strength as a weak Marquis Godfiend—only two Godfiend teams were assigned to each prefecture under normal circumstances.

Each team consisted of one Archean Mountain Great Solar Godfiend, one outer sect Great Solar Godfiend, and two Indestructible Godfiends that complimented their strengths perfectly.

The two Godfiend teams protected their assigned prefecture permanently. If they had insufficient strength, they could request for help! A rescue team would assist the Godfiend teams when help was requested. Meng Chuan and his wife were a fairly powerful rescue team.

If the threat were beyond Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue, a Marquis Godfiend would aid them personally.

...

From the lower to the upper echelons, this layered reinforcement system made the humans’ overall situation stable. However, one thing couldn’t be changed—the fact that Godfiends numbered less than demon monarchs!

Therefore, the Demon Realm had set a rule—all third Firmament demon monarchs in the human world were to attack cities individually! With many simultaneous attacks, the Godfiends would have too many problems to deal with. These simultaneous attacks also probed each prefecture’s combat forces, giving the demons vital information.

...

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan’s speed as a bolt of lightning was astonishing. He rushed everywhere at lightning speed, but he still felt powerlessness. This was because more and more places were requesting help. It had gone from three county cities requesting help to five! Furthermore, he saw smoke rising from various village forts as he was on the way to these county cities! Second Firmament demon monarchs scattered and attacked these village forts.

Meng Chuan could easily kill these weak demon monarchs, but the dead couldn’t be revived.

“Dad, Dad!”

“Mom!”

“Sister!”

In each village fort Meng Chuan had saved, crying could be heard. This village fort originally had a population of around 3000, but over half were dead! The fort castle had mostly been reduced to rubble. The people that hid in the deep tunnels only survived because Meng Chuan had saved them.

After they left the tunnels, they saw their ruined village and deceased relatives. What kind of despair did they feel after seeing such scenes?

All I can do is slay demons. Meng Chuan felt sad as well, but he could do nothing else. He rushed everywhere, killing the demons monarchs without mercy and left devastating scenes behind.

...

Third Firmament demon monarchs are dying in battle? An avian demon monarch held a token and used it to sense the other demon monarchs’ statuses. In just a short while, five third Firmament demon monarchs had already died in battle!

This left the demon monarch trembling.

I’ve killed thousands of mortals. I have to destroy the tunnels next, but I’ll be too slow. It’s about time for me to retreat. It immediately spread its wings and quickly soared into the sky. It had attacked the county city very suddenly as well. It had flown high above the city and carpet-bombed it with its demonic powers. It managed to kill many mortals as the city’s residents frantically fled towards the tunnels. The demon monarch killed thousands of humans after a single trip around the city.

...

“Six third Firmament demon monarchs are dead? Let’s go!”

...

“Retreat!”

...

“The Godfiends have killed six third Firmament demon monarchs! Gu Mountain Prefecture’s Godfiends are really strong. Quickly retreat!”

...

As Meng Chuan and the two Godfiend teams rapidly killed the third Firmament demon monarchs, it caused the remaining third Firmament demon monarchs to retreat.

Mmm?

A bolt of lightning descended from the sky and landed on the treetops of Gaoyu County. Meng Chuan scanned Gaoyu County City. Although parts of Gaoyu County City were now ruined and smoke continued to rise, the county city had already calmed down.

The demon monarchs have left? Meng Chuan frowned slightly. I only found demon monarchs when the attacks first started. However, the demon monarchs at two of the places I went to had already fled.

He was extremely fast, but the battles at several places had already ended by the time he got there. In the county cities—which had populations of roughly 100,000—the demon monarch had killed only a few thousand humans. None destroyed the tunnels to kill the hiding mortals; instead, they immediately retreated.

Next city. Meng Chuan quickly rushed to the next county city.

...

The demon monarchs in Gu Mountain Prefecture were led by Demon Monarch White Fox and Demon Monarch Greenjade since they were the strongest.

“Chase!” Godfiend Zhou Fu led his Godfiend team to pursue the green snake demoness.

The green demoness fled in panic.

“It wants to escape into the river.” The four-man Godfiend team was somewhat anxious. Snakes were naturally good at moving in the water. If this snake demoness entered the river, it would be difficult to kill it.

The green snake demoness had slaughtered many mortals in a county city, and the Godfiend team didn’t want her to escape.

Whoosh.

The green snake demoness finally arrived at the raging river water in harrowing fashion. Her body was submerged within the river, her tail faintly discernible. Her upper body appeared like a green-robed human woman. Her originally frightened look was gone. Instead, she looked at the Godfiend team with a faint smile as they pursued her. “Godfiends, do you really think I’m really afraid of you?”

Her snake tail gently swayed. The water in the boundless river surged into the air and surrounded a half-kilometer radius, trapping the Godfiend team.

Zhou Fu realized something was wrong after seeing the mystical movements. “This snake demoness hid its strength. Everyone, be careful!

“None of you will be able to escape today!” The snake demoness was extremely arrogant. Although she didn’t have a powerful background in the Demon Realm, her strength was far superior to Demon Monarch White Fox’s. This was the first time she had attacked in the human world, so she naturally wanted to kill a few Godfiends!

Back at the county city, when the Godfiend team attacked, the snake demoness immediately understood that she would only have a slight advantage in the county city’s environment. It would be impossible for her to kill the Godfiends there. Therefore, she feigned weakness and fled to the river. With the river’s aid, she had a chance of killing this Godfiend team.

“Activate forbidden spells and charge out,” Zhou Fu ordered.

The Godfiends didn’t hesitate to use forbidden Godfiend spells to charge out of the surrounding water with all their strength.

The snake demoness’s hair flailed as she brandished a black chain. The chains directed the water’s movements, sealing the area around the Godfiends.

“Senior Brother Zhou, we can’t escape!”

“This snake demoness’s domain is too powerful.”

“This snake demoness has probably reached the Realm of Dao.”

The Godfiends were imprisoned within the demoness’s domain. They couldn’t charge out, no matter what they did.

“Seek reinforcement!” Zhou Fu knew something was amiss and immediately gave orders via voice transmission. The four Godfiends used their identity tokens to request for help.

...

Demon Monarch White Fox was in a totally different situation. She wasn’t pursued by any Godfiends. She had taken human form and became a beautiful white-robed woman. Three white fur tails gently swayed as she leisurely strolled through the county city. The mortals hiding in the tunnels died silently as she walked past the approximate area.

She continued to stroll leisurely, causing people inside the tunnels to collapse to the ground.

“They are all hidden underground. Killing them would be troublesome,” muttered Demon Monarch White Fox softly. “Seven third Firmament demon monarchs have died. Almost half of the third Firmament demon monarchs in Gu Mountain Prefecture are dead. The other demon monarchs will probably be scared off. As for me, I haven’t even encountered a single Godfiend.”

A hint of grief could be seen on her beautiful face. She was the leader of the Gu Mountain Prefecture demon monarchs in name! If she were to retreat without even seeing a Godfiend, it would be very embarrassing.

Mmm? Demon Monarch White Fox suddenly sensed something and looked into the distance.

She could see a faint bolt of lightning in the distance.

It came closer and closer. The bolt of lightning was too fast! Within the lightning, one could see a black-robed youth with a saber by his waist. He had a solemn aura as he glared at Demon Monarch White Fox coldly.

Lightning? Meng Chuan? Demon Monarch White Fox immediately recognized the person. Her beautiful face paled. Although she wanted to kill a few Godfiends, she had long heard of Meng Chuan’s name. The demons had long collected intelligence on Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan and two other Archean Mountain Godfiends had jointly killed fourth Firmament Skydemon, Blackwater Palace Lord—who was stronger than them. Demon Monarch White Fox obviously knew about his strength.

I wanted a small fish, so why did a shark come? Demon Monarch White Fox panicked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195 - Bewitchment Divine Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I’m good at movement techniques and escaping, but I’ve encountered Meng Chuan... My speed is far inferior to his. Demon Monarch White Fox knew that she couldn’t escape from Meng Chuan. As a demon sage descendant, her escaping speed could match that of an ordinary Marquis Godfiend!

But Meng Chuan had a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. He represented the speed limits a Great Solar Godfiend could move! He was a Great Solar Godfiend that matched a Regis Godfiend’s speed. Among the demonic divine powers, only the legendary Rainbow Transformation could compare with his speed.

I won’t be able to escape. At that moment, Demon Monarch White Fox quickly thought of plans to escape.

Humph. When Meng Chuan saw Demon Monarch White Fox in front of him, he showed no mercy as usual.

“Stop!” shouted Demon Monarch White Fox immediately.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan looked at her. “As a demon monarch, what do you have to say?”

“Meng Chuan, I know you,” said Demon Monarch White Fox quickly. “I’m afraid I’m not your opponent. However, I’m a descendant of a demon sage. I have a divine power, and if I really risk my life, I’m strong enough to kill over 10,000 mortals even if I’m not able to do anything to you! You may be extremely fast, but my divine powers are impressive. I can instantly kill all mortal beings in a large area.

“If you kill me, it means killing more than 10,000 mortals. If you release me, I will leave obediently. You will also save over 10,000 mortals. These mortals have families. Is it worth sacrificing so many mortals for a demon monarch like me?” asked Demon Monarch White Fox with a smile.

Since she couldn’t escape, she had to rely on sophistry to convince Meng Chuan to let her go. Demon Monarch White Fox knew that Godfiends cared a lot about mortals.

It can instantly kill over 10,000 mortals in front of me? Meng Chuan frowned as he became even more cautious.

Mortals currently hid in tunnels, so killing over 10,000 mortals required some time. How fast were his attacks? However, if the enemy dared to claim that they could do so, there might be some truth to their words.

“Many demon monarchs have entered the human world. My presence or lack thereof wouldn’t affect the overall situation,” said Demon Monarch White Fox when her expression suddenly changed.

This was because Meng Chuan had suddenly moved! He did not say anything and attacked her directly!

Boom!

He cast a forbidden Godfiend spell and fused the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential essence and body!

Clearly, Demon Monarch White Fox’s so-called “persuasion” had made Meng Chuan very cautious. For the sake of over 10,000 mortals’ lives, he had decided to unleash all his might! He cast a forbidden spell and fused his Power of Essence Soul so that he could instantly kill Demon Monarch White Fox, preventing her from harming too many innocent lives.

As Meng Chuan attacked, a bolt of lightning struck the demon monarch first. This lightning bolt was much faster than Meng Chuan’s saber beam. It instantly struck Demon Monarch White Fox. She did not have time to react.

Bang!

The lightning bolt struck her.

Demon Monarch White Fox felt her body turn numb. Although the lightning was powerful, it had limited effect on a demon sage descendant.

He wants to kill me? Demon Monarch White Fox instinctively cast her divine power. Her original beautiful human head turned into a white-furred fox head. A red demonic mark was situated between the fox’s eyebrows. The demon monarch’s eyes glowed a strange demonic red, and it seemed like a world was in her eyes. The demon monarch wanted to consume Meng Chuan’s consciousness completely!

Divine power—Bewitchment!

The demon monarch hadn’t lied. If her divine power had been unleashed on a large-scale, she could control all living beings within half a kilometer, and force them to commit suicide! She could also make them kill each other until they died of severe injuries. One’s illusion strength had to exceed the bewitchment strength to save these mortals. Otherwise, there was no way one could save them.

Of course, she didn’t unleash her divine power on the mortals. Instead, she directed her divine power at the target in front of her—Meng Chuan!

This was because she wanted to live!

It’s said that Meng Chuan is powerful, but I still have a chance of killing him. As long as I kill him, I will be able to survive. Demon Monarch White Fox gave her all.

After she unleashed her divine power, she pounced towards Meng Chuan and swiped her sharp claws at Meng Chuan’s neck.

She was used to employing such tactics. Many demon monarchs stronger than her had been affected by the charm. As long as one was slightly affected, she would take the opportunity to kill her opponent.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan felt an illusion descend upon him in a bid to drag his consciousness into it. However, with the Power of Essence Soul fused with his Quintessential Essence and body, the bewitchment was completely resisted by him the moment it invaded his body! His second-level Essence Soul was not something that could be controlled by a bewitchment at this level.

Meng Chuan maintained his lucidity after being struck by the divine power!

Demon Monarch White Fox’s Bewitchment had allowed her to dominate most of her opponents, but when encountering a Great Solar Godfiend with a powerful Essence Soul like Meng Chuan, she would lose her life. Those with Essence Souls were best at resisting her divine power.

“What!?” Demon Monarch White Fox was astonished that her divine power was completely useless on Meng Chuan when she charged over.

Before she could react, a saber beam was already heading towards her.

It was too fast!

Demon Monarch White Fox was known for her agility. She brandished her claws as she cast a forbidden spell.

However, the saber beam sliced through her like an illusion.

“That’s—” When she saw her headless body flying, she understood that it had been beheaded. The demon monarch’s face was filled with disbelief as she fell to the ground with a thud.

She had just witnessed too many unbelievable things. Her divine power failed to affect Meng Chuan? She couldn’t block a single move?

Unbeknownst to her, she could’ve exchanged over ten blows with meng Chuan under normal circumstances. However, after casting a forbidden Godfiend spell and fusing the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence and body, his attacks were a lot stronger than usual.

Could it really have dragged more than 10,000 mortals down with it? Meng Chuan glanced at Demon Monarch White Fox’s corpse in puzzlement. Large amounts of blood surged into Demon Slayer from the corpse as it completely dried up. Finally, it turned to dust; not a single strand of fur was left behind. Only a small cloth sack and token remained.

With a wave of his hand, Meng Chuan sent the small cloth bag and token to his hand with his Quintessential Essence. Without its owner, the token was of no use. Meng Chuan glanced at the small cloth bag and found it somewhat special. However, he put it away since it wasn’t the time for checking his war spoils. He transformed into a bolt of lightning and rushed to the next city.

...

The water surged around the Godfiends as the snake demoness controlled the river. She lashed out at the four trapped Godfiends with her black chain repeatedly, forcing the Godfiends to cast forbidden Godfiends so they could block the attacks.

“Die!” The snake demoness watched calmly.

The river blotted out the sky as it surrounded the Godfiends. The Godfiends relied on their Quintessential Essence to force the water back. Suddenly, a green beam flashed from within the water.

Pfft.

The green beam pierced a Godfiend’s protective Quintessential Essence layer and went through a female Godfiend’s glabella. The female Godfiend fell to the ground.

“Junior Sister Chen.” The remaining three Godfiends turned frantic. However, they were already struggling to deal with the snake demoness’ black chain and domain. Although the green beam was slightly weaker than the black chain and domain, it was still as strong as a top-tier Great Solar Godfiend’s attack. Both Junior Sister Chen and Junior Brother Yang—the two Indestructible Godfiends—lost their lives to the sinister green beam.

Only Zhou Fu and the other Great Solar Godfiend were left to resist with great difficulty.

The green snake demoness had a confident look on her face before her expression changed. Demon Monarch White Fox is dead? She has a divine power, and her speed can match a fourth Firmament demon monarch, yet she failed to escape? Her strength is barely inferior to mine, but she still died. If I were to encounter her killer, I’m afraid I can’t escape as well.

Gu Mountain Prefecture isn’t that big. It won’t be long before her killer rushes here. I have to leave quickly.

The green snake demoness didn’t hesitate to leave the two Great Solar Godfiends—that were tough nuts to crack. She immediately transformed into a stream of water and merged with the river. With the aid of the river, she quickly fled the scene.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196 - The Greater Demon Monarch in Wu State
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two Great Solar Godfiends stood there in a daze. They watched helplessly as the green snake demoness retracted her black chain and domain. She then used the flowing water to vanish.

“The green snake demoness fled?” The two exchanged glances.

“Junior Sister, Junior Brother.”

The two stopped casting their forbidden Godfiend spells and hoisted up the two Godfiends’ corpses from the river with their Quintessential Essence. Junior Brother Yang and Junior Junior Sister Chen had fought with them for a short while, but now they were dead. This made the two Great Solar Godfiends extremely sad.

“What should we do now?” asked the armored man.

“Archean Mountain has given orders for Godfiend teams to stop reinforcing the cities once a Godfiend dies during a battle,” said Zhou Fu softly. “Without Junior Sister Chen and Junior Sister Yang, our team has lost half its strength. We can’t continue fighting the demon monarchs.”

Although they had only lost two Indestructible Godfiends, one was skilled with domains while the other was skilled with illusions. They provided great help to the entire team.

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning flashed across the horizon and reached the river.

The duo saw the black-robed youth standing on the water.

“Senior Brother Meng.” The duo stood by the riverbank and bowed respectfully.

“The demon monarch fled?” Meng Chuan’s expression changed when he saw the two dead Godfiends.

“It was a third Firmament snake demon monarch. I believe it has reached the Realm of Dao. It is very adept at controlling its water domain. The demon monarch is even stronger when around a large water source.” Zhou Fu immediately revealed everything he knew about the demon monarch. “The demon monarch fled via the river roughly 30 seconds before you arrived, Senior Brother Meng.”

“Thirty seconds?” Meng Chuan shook his head slightly. Even an average Great Solar Godfiend could flee dozens of kilometers in 30 seconds, much less the snake demoness—who was clearly quite formidable. They didn’t even know which direction she had fled in.

“If we had held her back for another 30 seconds, Senior Brother Meng would have killed her.” The armored man was somewhat indignant.

“We can’t stop her if she wants to escape.” Zhou Fu shook his head.

Meng Chuan frowned. Thirty seconds ago? That was when I killed the fox demon monarch. The snake demoness must’ve fled immediately once she learned of Demon Monarch White Fox’s death through the token.

“Bring these two juniors back,” said Meng Chuan with a sigh. “Leave the other places to me.”

With that said, he disappeared into the horizon.

“With Senior Brother Meng around, Gu Mountain Prefecture’s various cities will soon be safe,” said Zhou Fu. “We don’t have to worry.”

“Yes.”

The two Godfiends brought their companions’ corpses to the nearest county city and waited for Earth Net to make arrangements.

...

Meng Chuan searched through all the areas that needed help thoroughly. He even checked the cities that hadn’t requested for help. Whenever he spotted smoke, he would immediately head over and check on the situation.

Whoosh.

An hour later, Meng Chuan returned to his small compound in Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue had remained because she was in charge of guarding the prefecture city while he was outside the city.

“Was the prefecture city attacked?” Meng Chuan asked.

“No.” Liu Qiyue immediately asked, “How are the other places?”

After a moment of silence, Meng Chuan said, “The county cities were all attacked. Many village forts suffered attacks as well.”

“All the county cities were attacked?” Liu Qiyue was alarmed.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I also discovered two Godfiend teams in Gu Mountain Prefecture. One Godfiend team was in perfect shape, while the other Godfiend team lost two Indestructible Godfiends.”

“Two Godfiends died in battle?” Liu Qiyue felt terrible. However, this was a war. One had to shed blood if they wanted victory.

...

In fact, many places in the human world had been attacked by demons during this period of time. Flames of war erupted everywhere, and everyone was in a panic.

People in the village forts had never expected the village forts to become dangerous as well. In the past, demons occasionally attacked them, but it didn’t happen very often. Also, those attacks never really did too much damage to the village forts. However, they never expected demon monarchs to attack them. The lucky village forts lost 20 to 30 percent of their population before a Godfiend arrived. The unlucky ones were completely wiped out!

It was truly tragic.

In comparison, the cities were much safer. This was because Godfiends would rescue cities first! Since the cities were large, the number of casualties was relatively low. The larger the city, the safer it would be.

For example, the imperial capital, Archean City, Luo Tang City, Calm Sea City, and the state capitals were not attacked because powerful Godfiends guarded them! Therefore, families—that were somewhat capable—wanted to move to these bigger cities.

Some Godfiend family clans would arrange for a portion of their clansmen to move to large cities like the state capitals. This was also to ensure that the clan could survive. The weaker clans wanted to move to prefecture cities. Those slightly capable hoped to move to a county city.

This caused all the village forts’ population to decrease gradually. As the demons attacked repeatedly, the number of people in the village forts gradually decreased as they migrated to various cities. This raised the prices of houses in the cities greatly. Life in the city would become harder as more people migrated to cities on a large scale. The price of food rose since it was short in demand, and farms and plantations needed more manpower.

Some people even left the cities and began farming on a large scale. They lived out in the fields, lowering the chances of a demon monarch attacking them.

Farming would become a high-income industry in the future, but it was also one of the riskiest industries. The death rate was naturally high if one stayed outside the city for long periods of time.

However, as long as the income was high enough, some people would ultimately be willing to risk their lives to earn money.

...

Inside a dark, luxurious underground palace, a single-horned man sat on a throne as he looked down at a black fox demon monarch. Other demon monarchs stood beside the black fox demon monarch.

“Your Majesty, intelligence on Wu State’s force has been gathered,” said the black fox demon monarch obsequiously.

“Speak,”

“In the past month, various demon monarchs in Wu State followed your orders and probed the various cities,” said the black fox demon monarch. “These attacks led to 91 third Firmament demon monarch casualties. We killed three Great Solar Godfiends and 15 Indestructible Godfiends.”

“What a joke.” The single-horned man laughed coldly. “The Imperial Lord has said that losing ten demon monarchs for the death of a Godfiend at the same level means success. However, we lost 30 demon monarchs dying for each Great Solar Godfiend. This is a huge loss.”

“At least we have figured out which Godfiends are stationed in Wu State.” The black fox demon monarch handed over the intelligence in a fawning manner. “This records the Godfiends of each prefecture in detail.”

The single-horned man shook his head. “It can only serve as a reference. The Godfiends will definitely redistribute their forces.”

The black fox demon monarch smiled obsequiously and said, “We are the first batch of demon monarchs to enter the human world. More demon monarchs will enter in time. Our strength will only increase.”

“Yes.” The single-horned man flipped through the dossier and said indifferently, “Let’s wait until we have more demon monarchs. We can slowly fight the humans. We need patience if we want to annihilate the humans.”

He was the only fourth Firmament demon monarch in Wu State. Unlike third Firmament demon monarchs, there were very few fourth Firmament demon monarchs in the Demon Realm. This was because one needed to reach the Realm of Dao and have an Essence Soul at a relatively young age to enter the fourth Firmament realm. The demons’ perceptivity was generally lower than humans, so it was very hard for them to condense an Essence Soul.

For the humans, at least one Great Solar Godfiend could become a Marquis Godfiend out of a few dozen Great Solar Godfiends. For the demons, only one fourth Firmament demon monarch could be produced out of hundreds of third Firmament demon monarchs. Thus, there were very few fourth Firmament demon monarchs. In the entire Demon realm, there were less than 2000 fourth Firmament demon monarchs! The demons didn’t care if third Firmament demon monarchs died, but a fourth Firmament demon monarch? The demons placed great importance on them.

There were very few third Firmament demon monarchs with a chance of breaking through to the fourth Firmament. Too few were willing to come to the human world. The demons’ upper echelons exhausted all means before they managed to get 40 such demons to enter the human world. They never expected to lose 30 percent of them the moment they entered!

Only 27 such demons managed to sneak into the human world successfully! There were very few fourth Firmament demon monarchs in the human world! As a densely-populated state with a lot of food, Wu State was highly valued by the demons. This was why Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao was in charge of the area.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197 - Painting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 197: Painting

As he read the intelligence dossier, Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao frowned and said, “I have 15 demon sage descendants under my command. Each one has powerful divine powers. We actually lost two of them. The Demon Realm’s demon sages sent many of their descendants into the human world due to the Imperial Lord’s orders. Thus, no matter what, we have to ensure the safety of the demon sage descendants as best we can. The factions behind them will investigate if too many of them die.

“How did that white fox at Gu Mountain Prefecture and that old ox at Yufang Prefecture die? Which Godfiends killed them? Have you investigated?” asked Fu Jiao.

“Marquis Gong Xu killed that old ox at Yufang Prefecture,” replied the black fox demon monarch immediately. “The old ox charged into Yufang Prefecture to begin a massacre. However, Marquis Gong Xu appeared the moment he did so. Although that old ox had divine powers to protect himself, he was still slapped to death and reduced to meat paste by Marquis Gong Xu in a few strikes. Many people in Yufang Prefecture saw this scene, so investigations were quite easy.”

“Marquis Gong Xu?”

“The Wu State is a relatively prosperous state in the Great Zhou Dynasty. It produces many experts. There are now three Marquis Godfiends in Wu State, Marquis Southcloud, Marquis Gong Xu, and Marquis Thousand Shadow. These three might remain in their hometowns to protect it. One Marquis presides over the state capital while the other two Marquis Godfiends wander about. To encounter a Marquis Godfiend, blame it on the old ox’s bad luck.”

Three Marquis Godfiends guarded Wu State. The demons only had Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao that could compare in strength. Furthermore, there was the possibility of a Regis Godfiend appearing.

“What about the white fox at Gu Mountain Prefecture?” asked Fu Jiao again.

“We couldn’t find out.” The black fox demon monarch shook his head and said, “When the white fox attacked the county city, many mortals died silently. The remaining mortals were so frightened that they hid in the tunnels... No one saw how Demon Monarch White Fox was killed.”

“She still lost her life despite having a Bewitchment divine power?” asked Fu Jiao curiously. “Was she killed by a Marquis Godfiend or a powerful Great Solar Godfiend in Gu Mountain Prefecture?”

The demon monarchs didn’t dare make a sound. These demon monarchs weren’t very powerful because they were in charge of reconnaissance. Those who were truly skilled in combat were in charge of various prefectures.

“After we finish probing, have the demon monarchs form units and work together.” Fu Jiao flipped through the intelligence dossier and considered how to assign the demon monarchs. “At the very least, every demon sage descendant should have a powerful team attached to them. We can’t afford to lose them so easily.”

...

Humans and demons fought each other both openly and secretly. For example, after the initial clash, Archean Mountain changed the Godfiend teams in each prefecture. All Indestructible Godfiends left the teams to act as reconnaissance. The battling was left to Great Solar Godfiends and beyond.

On average, only one Godfiend team was assigned to a prefecture. Each team had four Great Solar Godfiends—two Archean Mountain inner sect disciples and two outer sect disciples. Their strengths complemented each other, greatly increasing their overall strength. One team could battle against 10 to 20 third Firmament demon monarchs in a head-on battle.

The Godfiends’ survival rate became higher, but the humans’ ability to reinforce county cities and village forts weakened drastically. This was because there was only a single team in a prefecture! If a few places were attacked at the same time, they had to rush from one city to another.

Thankfully, after losing a large number of third Firmament demon monarchs during the large-scale probe, the remaining demon monarchs became much more cautious, and their attacks lessened in frequency.

After all, a large-scale attack also led to many demon monarchs dying. There was still a limited number of third Firmament demon monarchs in the Demon Realm. They would be unable to keep up such large-scale attacks for long periods of time due to the many casualties.

...

Gu Mountain Prefecture.

Meng Chuan and his wife lived a “peaceful” life. To this day, they had yet to receive any requests for help that brought them out of the prefecture. Even when they were deployed, they were still within Gu Mountain Prefecture.

“Young Master,” a thin man shouted obsequiously.

Meng Chuan had just left his yard. He looked at him curiously. “What’s the matter?”

The thin man pointed at Meng Chuan’s residence and asked, “Young Master, is this your home?”

Meng Chuan frowned.

“I don’t have any bad intentions. I’m a real estate agent,” said the thin man with a smile immediately. “Your residence cost you a few hundred taels of silver, right? Are you planning on selling it now? You can now sell it for 3,000 taels of silver!”

Meng Chuan was somewhat surprised. When he and his wife settled down here, they had spent 800 taels of silver on the compound.

People were willing to spend a lot of money to buy homes. A compound worth 800 taels of silver wasn’t considered a huge compound, but it was quite good. Typically, it required a few servants to take care of it.

“The price has increased to 3,000 taels?” Meng Chuan was astonished. Such a price was considered very high for mortals.

“It can definitely be sold for 3,000 taels of silver,” said the thin man immediately. “If you aren’t in a hurry, you can even give an asking price of 4,000 thousand taels. How about it? If you nod, I’ll sell it for you. You can spend 1,000 taels of silver to buy a smaller courtyard. In that case, won’t you have a few thousand taels of silver at hand? In the past two weeks, the price of grain and meat has been increasing. The more money you have, the better.”

This agent kept trying to trick him.

“It’s fine. I don’t plan on selling.” Meng Chuan turned around and left.

“Hey, hey, hey...” The thin man shouted, but there was nothing he could do.

He continued loitering around their neighborhood. Whenever he saw an owner of a surrounding compound walk out—one that didn’t look like a servant—he would immediately go forward and say, “Master, someone has offered 3,000 taels for your compound...”

Meng Chuan sighed.

The demons’ large-scale attack had caused many people to migrate. This was especially true for Godfiend clans and wealthy merchants. People who were privy to the news knew that the larger a city was, the more expensive the land would be in the future. For example, the Meng family clan had moved over 10,000 clansmen to the prefecture city. Hundreds of clansmen were moved to the state capital, Luo Tang City, etc.

This was a large family clan that had existed for over 1000 years. They naturally aimed to avoid disaster by arranging for a small number of clansmen to go to the state capital and Luo Tang City. This was to ensure that their lineage wouldn’t be severed. They had to avoid the situation of an entire clan being wiped out after prefecture city was breached.

With Godfiend clans and wealthy merchants migrating to the cities, this caused the prices of land and buildings to rise constantly. For example, a compound like Meng Chuan could easily fit more houses. It wouldn’t be difficult for it to accommodate dozens of people! Those who could offer such prices naturally had extraordinary backgrounds.

...

Meng Chuan personally selected the paint he needed for his painting.

“Young Master, take care. Young Master, please come again.” The shop owner was very enthusiastic.

Even the price of paint has increased. Meng Chuan was extremely astonished. The prices of everything in Gu Mountain Prefecture were rising. The commoners with houses were better off. They could rent out a few rooms to ease the financial pressure. Those who rented houses in the city suffered. They might even be forced to leave the city! They couldn’t afford the rent or food.

Meng Chuan couldn’t do a thing either. This was happening everywhere in the human world!

Creak.

Meng Chuan brought his paint and other items back to his residence.

“Master.” The old gatekeeper warmly greeted him.

Meng Chuan returned to his study, finished grinding the paint before continuing to paint.

He had already finished painting the scene at North River Pass on a long canvas. Currently, he was painting Jiang State Capital—the battle between the Godfiends and demon monarchs. Some mortals died while others hid in tunnels. The scenes depicted were even more tragic. Blackwater Palace Lord killed one Godfiend after another...

When the sky darkened—

“Ah Chuan, it’s time for dinner.” Liu Qiyue came in and took a look at the painting. She smiled and said, “You are still working on this painting. How much have you painted?”

“It’s still early. There’s no rush.” Meng Chuan smiled.

Initially, he thought he could finish the painting in one or two months, but as he found himself emotionally invested, he realized that he had too many things that he wanted to paint. For example, the indignant look in the eyes of the dead Godfiends and the trembling despair of mortals—many of which were personally seen by him. He wanted to paint them.

This was a record—a record of the things that happened in this tumultuous era.

He realized that he might not even finish the painting in four months, but he wasn’t in a hurry. This was originally a matter of putting his emotion into it, so he would naturally finish it when he was satisfied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198 - Married Couple Working Together
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Dawn.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue did the same as usual. They used their movement techniques and left the prefecture city in seconds. They came to a mountainous area outside the city. Their influence on the Heaven and Earth powers prevented mortals from seeing them.

They had a temporary residence in the mountains—a wooden hut. Their residence in the city was too small. Liu Qiyue needed lots of space to hone her archery. As a Great Solar Godfiend sharpshooter, even the Dao Academy’s archery range was insufficient for her. The mountains outside the city had sufficient empty space for her practice.

Every morning, the couple exited the city, cultivated for six hours before going back for lunch. In the afternoon, they spent their free time engaging in leisure activities that involved playing the zither, chess, calligraphy, and painting.

The couple cherished their peaceful days.

Liu Qiyue took out a small cloth bag and pulled the string loose. The cloth bag’s opening expanded to the size of a face basin after the string was loosened. Liu Qiyue reached into it and took out a huge quiver—which had 50 arrows. These items were huge and long. However, she had taken it out from a small cloth bag; it was very magical.

“Ah Chuan, this cloth bag is truly magical.” Despite it only being a few days since she received this gift from her husband, Liu Qiyue still loved it a lot. “Usually, my greatest weakness lies with the quiver. If the quiver is too small, I carry too few arrows with me! If the quiver is too large, it affects my speed. Furthermore, a huge quiver still carries a limited number of arrows. However, I have 20 quivers inside this cloth bag! That totals 1000 arrows, which means I can freely shoot the demon monarchs without too much consequence. Otherwise, I will have to keep count when shooting the arrows, afraid that I will run out.”

Meng Chuan smiled. “That Demon Monarch White Fox specially delivered this treasure to you, Qiyue.”

Liu Qiyue smiled.

The tiny cloth bag he obtained from Demon Monarch White Fox hid a huge pocket space. It was about half the size of a house. There was still plenty of space even after putting 20 quivers inside.

Meng Chuan was still very surprised. This was because he had never seen such a treasure before. However, Godfiends likely had similar treasures. Archean Mountain’s Nine Mystical Caves seemed as vast as a small world even though it was inside a mountain belly. He had also seen the Supremacy retrieve items from the flip with a flip of the hand. Godfiends were equally brilliant when it came to controlling “space.”

However, it was clear that items with stable storage spaces were very rare and precious! There was nothing similar available for exchange at Archean Mountain.

To Meng Chuan, this was just a rare item as it did little to boost his strength. But it was of great help to a sharpshooter! With a large number of portable arrows, they could shoot arrows limitlessly! Meng Chuan naturally gave it to his wife, Liu Qiyue.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Arrows tore through the sky one after another like swimming dragons. Liu Qiyue was practicing her archery.

Under a large tree, Meng Chuan shook a tree with a mere thought. Immediately, many leaves swayed and fell to the ground. Meng Chuan also began training.

The saber struck out with lightning as he delivered a hundred strikes swiftly. The leaves were almost halved symmetrically.

My saber arts are only this fast because I cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. In terms of my technique realm, I’m still lacking. Meng Chuan shook his head slightly. If I were to double my saber speed with just my technique realm, I would have reached the Saber Dao realm.

What was the Saber Dao realm? It was the enlightenment of the Dao in regards to the saber! It was a Dao, a path that only belonged to him. Once at the Saber Dao realm, one could use their saber arts to seek answers from their inner self.

Again. With a thought, leaves fell from the tree again. Meng Chuan struck again.

Moments later, the tree became almost bald. Instead of making it completely bare of leaves, Meng Chuan switched to another tree and continued his saber practice. There were many trees in this mountain forest.

...

After more than two hours of cultivation—

“Oh?” The duo’s expressions changed slightly as they took out their Patroller tokens. The tokens glowed red.

“Someone needs help?” The two exchanged glances.

Liu Qiyue didn’t even waste time picking up the dozen arrows that were in the distance. She could always pick them up later. After all, it was an emergency. A few seconds meant the difference between life and death.

“Let’s go.” Meng Chuan held his wife’s arm.

Swoosh.

He immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning and streaked across the sky. Ever since he had successfully imprinted the second-level Lightning Rune, Meng Chuan’s speed had increased tremendously. Now, he could travel over 1.5 kilometers in a single flash whilst bringing his wife with him! At this speed, he was considered rather fast among Regis Godfiends. If he were to travel alone, he would have speed rivaling the fastest Regis Godfiends.

“This is the first time we are leaving Gu Mountain Prefecture for a rescue,” said Liu Qiyue via voice transmission as she protected her body with Quintessential Essence. “Right now, each prefecture only has one Godfiend team. Each team consists of four Great Solar Godfiends. Since a Godfiend team has requested backup, the danger they have encountered will not be easy to deal with.”

“Act according to plan,” said Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan was very calm since he had done similar things in the past. He had also acted as reinforcements with Zhang Yunfeng several times in the past.

Liu Qiyue was nervous. This was the first time she was on a rescue mission that was hundreds of kilometers away from her designated area.

Swoosh.

With a flash, he streaked across the sky and past a mountain. He unleashed the Swallow Stance in midair, traversing more than five kilometers before landing. He had crossed an entire mountain without even landing once. Wu State had very few mountains. The ones that did exist in Wu State were relatively small. Thousand-foot tall mountains were considered towering mountains here.

Compared to the north and other areas, the difference was enormous.

“Ah Chuan, your movement technique is really fast.” Liu Qiyue felt his astonishing speed as the scenery around her zoomed past her. Even though she had experienced it more than once, it still left her amazed.

“Once I become a Marquis Godfiend, my speed will be at the top of the world,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “As time passes, I’ll become faster and faster.”

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Meng Chuan and his wife crossed huge lakes. In Wu State, there were more lakes than mountains! It was very common to see lakes that were dozens of kilometers long. Some lakes exceeded 50 kilometers in length! The vast plains and numerous lakes made the area very suitable for farming.

“We’re here!” With a tap on the lake’s surface, Meng Chuan traveled three kilometers before arriving above a county city.

The duo immediately saw the battle occurring in the city.

Godfiend auras and demon monarch auras constantly erupted as the battle ensued.

Fog blanketed the city; most of the city was in ruins. People had been waiting anxiously in the tunnels. There were two parties that were engaged in battle. One party consisted of four Great Solar Godfiends—who were barely holding on despite working together. Two were heavily injured.

The other party consisted of six demon monarchs! The leader was a grey-furred cat demon monarch; he had a third eye between his eyebrows.

The three-eyed cat demon monarch closed in on the Godfiend team.

A silver-armored man wielded a shield and suddenly swung it to the side. However, the cat demon monarch’s third eye blinked, and the silver-armored man let out a low painful grunt. The three-eyed cat demon monarch steered clear of the shield and reached for his neck.

Swish! A purple-robed woman rapidly rushed over as a sword beam slashed at the cat demon monarch.

Under the cat demon monarch’s leadership, the six demon monarchs surrounded and attacked the four Godfiends. The four Godfiends had cast forbidden Godfiend spells and used all means available to them to hold on.

“Haha, this is the life-and-death relationship between you humans? For the sake of two injured companions, the two of you aren’t willing to escape. Are you going to live and die together?” With five other demon monarchs aiding him, Demon Monarch Cat held the absolute strength advantage.

“If we were to flee in different directions, it would be impressive if one of us manages to escape,” shouted the purple-robed woman. “If we join forces to deal with the threat, we might be able to hold out until reinforcements arrive. I urge you demon monarchs to leave quickly. Otherwise, you won’t be able to escape after powerful Godfiends arrive.”

“I’ll kill you before leaving. There’s plenty of ti—” Demon Monarch Cat suddenly looked into the distance. Lightning flashed across the sky as two figures appeared above the county city. “The Godfiends are here?”

The six demon monarchs shuddered in fear.

The Godfiends came so quickly?

Even a Marquis Godfiend wouldn’t be this fast unless they were guarding the prefecture.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199 - First Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liu Qiyue held an ancient bow and carried a quiver on her back. A pair of dazzling flaming wings spread out, causing her to float in the air. She was about a kilometer away from the battlefield.

A kilometer was sufficiently safe and suitable for Liu Qiyue to unleash her prowess.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Liu Qiyue coldly looked down and strung three flaming arrows. With the storage bag containing extra arrows, Liu Qiyue focused on the power of her arrows instead of conserving arrows.

When she strung her bow, Meng Chuan transformed into a bolt of lightning and swooped down.

Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan! Demon Monarch Cat’s expression changed. Archean Mountain only had about 1000 Great Solar Godfiends, and the truly terrifying ones numbered just over a hundred. Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Xue Feng, Yang Fang, Zhang Yunfeng, and so on were on the list! Liu Qiyue was one of the three most threatening Great Solar Godfiends because once she used Phoenix’s Nirvana, she had the combat strength of a Marquis Godfiend.

However, Phoenix’s Nirvana burned her lifespan, so she wouldn’t use the technique unless she was desperate.

“Senior Brother Meng.” The purple-robed woman, the silver-armored man, and the other Godfiends felt relieved. They could be saved now!

Swoosh.

With a flash of lightning, Meng Chuan rushed towards the demon monarchs.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Liu Qiyue had shot out three arrows as she stared at the demon monarchs with ice-cold eyes. The three flaming arrows were faster than Meng Chuan.

“Join forces and kill Meng Chuan,” shouted Demon Monarch Cat via voice transmission. “Otherwise, none of us will escape here alive! Trap him.”

A thin tree demon monarch stood still as tree roots, branches, and vines drilled out from the ground and swirled towards Meng Chuan.

The moment Meng Chuan closed in, a black baneful aura spread out from his body. Meng Chuan’s baneful aura appeared illusory, but it was extremely cold. The six demon monarchs’ bodies trembled when the baneful aura touched them. Only Demon Monarch Cat remained unaffected by it while the other five demon monarchs were weakened. The roots, branches, and vines froze, becoming much slower.

“Die.” Meng Chuan knew his strength well. Normally, he would be unable to kill these six demon monarchs easily. Thus, he didn’t hesitate to fuse the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence, boosting his strength to the threshold of a Marquis Godfiend. Meng Chuan split into eight identical figures as they attacked the six demon monarchs simultaneously.

The black baneful aura provided him cover as his terrifying saber beams flew towards the demon monarchs.

Not good. With the fusion of the Powerful of Essence Soul and Quintessential Essence, this strike made everyone—including Demon Monarch Cat—feel fear.

Pfft! Pfft!

Meng Chuan killed two demon monarchs the moment the saber beams struck them. Liu Qiyue shot dead one demon monarch and injured two other demon monarchs. Since they were busy dealing with Meng Chuan’s saber beams, Liu Qiyue’s arrows had miraculous results thanks to Meng Chuan’s baneful aura blocking the demon monarchs’ sight.

Only Demon Monarch Cat remained safe and sound.

Not good. Demon Monarch Cat was lucky to dodge the attacks. Without any false pretense of hope, he immediately fled from the scene.

Pfft. Pfft.

After fusing his Quintessential Essence with the Power of Essence Soul, Meng Chuan’s strength was close to that of a Marquis Godfiend. With his speed, he easily killed the injured demon monarchs.

What do I do? What do I do? I can’t be faster than Meng Chuan. The escaping Demon Monarch Cat suddenly realized that four arrows were heading towards him. The arrows were as fast as shooting stars. When they came close, they suddenly changed directions and blocked his path.

It forced Demon Monarch Cat to slow down, allowing Meng Chuan to catch up.

I can’t escape underground or fly. What do I do? Demon Monarch Cat was extremely anxious. Fleeing? There was no way he could compete with Meng Chuan’s speed.

“Die!” Meng Chuan slashed out with his saber.

The moment Demon Monarch Cat turned his head, the third eye at his glabella blinked, causing invisible waves to shoot towards Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence barrier around his body was useless as the invisible waves penetrated his head, affecting the insides of his head.

Oh? Meng Chuan felt a stabbing pain in his head. Great Solar Godfiends’ bodies had undergone a transformation when they first advanced into the Great Solar realm. Their bodies were naturally different from mortal bodies. Even the head—which was usually weak and easy to pierce—had become extremely tough. However, against Demon Monarch Cat’s invisible attack, the pain in their head would usually cause Great Solar Godfiends to lose control of their bodies.

However, Meng Chuan had attained the Diamond Body. Every single particle in his body had been cultivated. He had become extremely resilient and had a very tenacious lifeforce. Due to this, Demon Monarch Cat’s attack only caused a slight stabbing pain to Meng Chuan, but it couldn’t affect his strength.

Whoosh. Meng Chuan continued attacking without any delay, slashing out a saber beam.

“What?” Demon Monarch Cat was alarmed as his body twisted strangely, barely dodging the strike.

Liu Qiyue shot out three more flaming arrows from high above. The arrows flew down at high speed, much faster than Meng Chuan’s saber beams. At similar technique realm and cultivation realm, arrows were much faster than other weapons; thus, posing a greater threat.

After Demon Monarch Cat dodged Meng Chuan’s saber, he had to dodge three arrows.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan executed the Heart Saber Stance, sending a saber beam—which would result in the Yin-Yang blast—at Demon Monarch Cat.

The saber beam and the three arrows arrived virtually at the same time.

Demon Monarch Cat’s body strangely twisted as he dodged the saber beam and two arrows. However, one arrow pierced through his body. Demon Monarch Cat continued to escape frantically, but after being hit by an arrow, his speed had clearly decreased. He couldn’t withstand Meng Chuan’s next strike.

No! The saber sliced through his body amidst his indignant, frenzied escape.

Chi! Chi! Chi~ Lifeblood surged out from Demon Monarch Cat’s corpse into Demon Slayer. In seconds, his corpse was reduced to dust.

It managed to dodge two strikes in a row despite being so close to me? It was only because of Qiyue’s help that I managed to kill it with the third strike. Meng Chuan watched Demon Monarch Cat turn to dust in surprise. In terms of speed, it’s inferior to me, but the variations in its movements are much better than mine.

Demon Monarch Cat’s entire body was like a boneless blanket, agile and unpredictable.

Meng Chuan took the items left behind by Demon Monarch Cat. Since it had a divine power, it might be a demon sage descendant. Maybe it has some good treasures like Demon Monarch White Fox.

...

Liu Qiyue landed on the ground, and Meng Chuan came to her side.

“Senior Brother Meng, Senior Sister Liu.” The purple-robed woman and the other Godfiends were extremely grateful for their timely help. “If it weren’t for both of you, we would have died under Demon Monarch Cat’s claws.”

“With your strength, I believe you could still hold out for a little longer,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“That Demon Monarch Cat’s divine power was extremely difficult to deal with. Just one blink of its third eye makes one feel a throbbing headache. There’s no way to resist it,” said the silver-armored man with a smile. “As for Senior Brother Meng, you managed to pursue it without giving it a chance to fight back. It’s really impressive how you killed it with just a few strikes.”

“Demon Monarch Cat was indeed powerful. If not for Senior Brother Meng and Senior Sister Liu, the four of us wouldn’t have survived.” The purple-robed woman also smiled. She was naturally happy to have survived. Besides, the six demon monarchs were now dead.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue exchanged glances. Meng Chuan said, “The demon monarchs have been eliminated. I’ll leave the matters here to you.”

“Don’t worry, Senior Brother Meng.” said the four Godfiends immediately.

With that, Meng Chuan left with Liu Qiyue as a bolt of lightning and disappeared into the horizon.

“Senior Brother Meng and his wife are indeed powerful.” The purple-robed woman sighed in amazement. “One can shoot arrows from far away. Unless it’s an avian demon monarch, most demon monarchs won’t be able to touch Senior Sister Liu. The other fights in close combat. Senior Brother Meng and two other senior brothers once joined forces to kill a fourth Firmament Skydemon. Now, from the looks of it, he’s indeed extraordinary when it comes to melee combat. Even Demon Monarch Cat couldn’t withstand a few strikes.”

“He’s naturally capable if he can kill a fourth Firmament Skydemon with help.”

“Senior Sister Cheng, you also mastered a transcendent-grade Godfiend Body. In the future, you will also be comparable to Senior Brother Meng.”

“That’s right. If not for Senior Sister Cheng, the three of us would have been killed by Demon Monarch Cat a long time ago,” said another Godfiend.

The purple-robed woman was the captain of their team. She cultivated a transcendent-grade Godfiend body and had achieved peak Sword Soul. She was considered very powerful. Of course, Meng Chuan was stronger than her thanks to the Black Metal Sutra, Diamond Body, and Essence Soul.

...

It was an easy reinforcement.

The couple returned with a good mood.

“Our first rescue together outside our designated area went so smoothly,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “We saved the Godfiends and killed all the demon monarchs.”

“This is just the minority.” Meng Chuan explained, “According to my past experiences as a Patroller, a number of Godfiends would have already died by the time I arrived. Those four were pretty powerful. They only survived because they cooperated well enough.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded. She had less experience than Meng Chuan.

“However, our teamwork is indeed good,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. With his wife’s arrows, it was much easier for him to attack in close proximity. “Without your help, we mightn’t have killed all the demon monarchs if they had fled in all directions.”

Liu Qiyue smiled and said, “Apart from Demon Monarch Cat, the other demon monarchs weren’t that strong. I only shot a few arrows.”

“There will be plenty of opportunities in the future,” said Meng Chuan.

As the couple chatted, they continued heading towards Gu Mountain Prefecture.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200 - Passing By
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Willow River Fort was an ordinary village fort in Wu State and had over 6000 villagers living in it. The fort was squarish in shape, with many dwellings inside. It was like an extremely large ant nest with many mechanisms and tunnels hidden down below! It would be very difficult for ordinary demons to attack it. Even if they breached the fort, it would be equally difficult to breach the individual tunnels.

“Lord Qian.”

“Lord Qian, good morning.”

“Greetings, Lord Qian.”

Qian Mo came to the market in the middle of the fort. He could see the sky here; the sun shone brightly. Therefore, the villagers were usually happy to come to the market. Merchants and hawkers in the fort gathered here.

The villagers addressed him respectfully as “Lord Qian” because the villagers knew that the Imperial Court had arranged for soldiers to be stationed at the fort. Lord Qian was the leader of those soldiers, so even the village chief had to be extremely respectful towards him.

“Lord Qian.” Barefoot children stopped laughing and running to greet him.

“Hong, here are some meat buns for you.” Qian Mo handed three meat buns wrapped in lotus leaves to him. He had already eaten two meat buns.

The child was gluttonous, but he was somewhat embarrassed to receive the meat buns.

“Have some.” Qian Mo placed the meat buns in the child’s arms. He had given pointers to youths after living in the fort for a while now. He liked the very outstanding ones.

“Thank you, Lord Qian.” Hong thanked him happily.

“Move along.” Qian Mo waved his hand and continued to window shop.

Earth Net was everywhere across the world. Many conscripted soldiers patrolled several areas, and many village forts had become intelligence nodes. Qian Mo was an Indestructible Godfiend. He managed the intelligence network of several county cities and lived in Willow River Fort.

“Oh?” Qian Mo suddenly sensed a surge of demonic energy outside the fort. Furthermore, the demonic aura was heading straight for Willow River Fort. This caused his expression to change as he quickly rushed to the top of the fort.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Several bells sounded hurriedly.

In the fort, the relaxed villagers’ faces changed. They quickly rushed towards a nearby tunnel with their children.

Boom!

With a loud bang, a 20-foot-tall cyan-robed demon monarch appeared above the fort. A terrifying demonic aura emanated from it. His trotter suddenly descended, causing a roof to collapse with a loud thud as he stared down at the fort.

Whoosh. Whoosh.

Another two figures appeared above the fort. One a 50-foot-tall bear demon monarch, and the other a rat demon monarch—roughly the size of a human child.

Demon Monarch Bear’s body was covered with thick gray fur. He was nearly half the height of the entire fort. He dropped down to the fort. After it landed, he struck out in all directions. The huge fort trembled, and many places turned to rubble.

After destroying the buildings above, the demon monarchs could slaughter the mortals hidden in the tunnels below.

Demon Monarchs. Qian Mo restrained his aura and approached the top of the fort. He didn’t care about the collapse of many buildings around him. He easily withstood the collapse with his body without releasing his Quintessential Essence.

I’ll kill one with a sneak attack first. I’ll then have the confidence to kill the other two demon monarchs single-handedly. Qian Mo stared at the rat demon monarch. The cyan-robed demon monarch had hints of being the leader. The bear demon monarch had coarse skin and thick flesh, so it was clear that he would not be easily killed. The rat demon monarch’s body looked the weakest.

Swoosh.

When Demon Monarch Bear destroyed the massive fort, Qian Mo took the opportunity to charge out.

Oh? Demon Monarch Rat immediately turned his head and saw two saber beams flying at him. Demon Monarch Rat didn’t dare take the attack head-on. With swift movements, he dodged the saber beams like a ghost.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft...

After more than ten consecutive strikes, Qian Mo cast a forbidden Godfiend spell and continued to execute his killer moves. However, Demon Monarch Rat only focused on escaping and was only hit by one strike. A demon monarch’s body was ultimately resilient—no matter the race—and the strike only left a wound on its back. It didn’t injure the demon monarch much.

“There’s a Godfiend!” shouted Demon Monarch Rat.

“A Godfiend?” Alarmed, the cyan-robed demon monarch and the bear demon monarch rushed over.

This rat demon monarch’s movement technique is too exquisite. I managed to injure it, but I failed to kill it. Qian Mo immediately knew that something was amiss, but the cyan-robed demon monarch and bear demon monarch had already surrounded him.

“Die Godfiend!” Demon Monarch Bear’s voice boomed like thunder. He struck out with his gigantic bear paw, producing a wind that distorted the surrounding area.

Qian Mo’s figure flashed as he dodged the terrifying bear paw. However, the cyan-robed demon monarch and the rat demon monarch had already reached him. The cyan-robed demon monarch’s sharp claws swiped at Qian Mo’s head.

Qian Mo used his two sabers to fight three demon monarchs alone. After struggling in battle for a while, Qian Mo felt that something was still amiss. He wasn’t afraid of the three second Firmament demon monarchs in a one-on-one fight. However, when the three of them worked together, it became difficult for him to fight them.

The rat demon monarch moved like a ghost. The bear demon monarch was domineering as he savagely attacked. The cyan-robed demon monarch’s attacks were sinister and difficult to deal with. When the three demon monarchs worked together, he could no longer fend them off with his two sabers. He felt like he was dancing on the edge of a blade. A single mistake would lead to him being torn apart by the three demon monarchs.

Run! Qian Mo leaped away.

Mmm? The three demon monarchs wanted to stop Qian Mo, but they realized that he was extremely fast.

“This Godfiend is quite fast.” Demon Monarch Bear was the clumsiest. Although Demon Monarch Rat was agile, its speed was incomparable to Qian Mo. Only the cyan-robed demon monarch could catch up to him. However, Qian Mo could fight a one-on-one battle while fleeing. The cyan-robed demon monarch was unable to stop him.

“Let’s kill the mortals!” The cyan-robed demon monarch roared angrily. “Since the Godfiend has fled, kill all the mortals here.”

“Kill the mortals and force him out,” shouted Demon Monarch Rat.

Boom!

Demon Monarch Bear had already taken action. He destroyed the ground in no time. With his surging demonic energy, he easily discovered a nearby tunnel. His paws peeled the ceiling to the tunnel open and revealed the dozens of terrified villagers inside.

“Die.” Demon Monarch Bear immediately grabbed the dozen-plus villagers with his paws and jumped up. He then tore through a roof and flung the villagers away with a mighty swing. This killed all the villagers he had been holding. Blood splattered everywhere.

“Kill all the mortals here.” The cyan-robed demon monarch’s roar echoed throughout the fort.

About half a kilometer away, Qian Mo silently watched the villagers being thrown into the air by Demon Monarch Bear. He watched the three demon monarchs continue their destruction of the fort.

“I really can’t bear to see this any longer,” Qian Mo muttered to himself softly. He laughed self-deprecatingly and transformed into a blur as he headed for the village fort.

Humans were only humans because their emotions influenced them. Godfiends were also humans! Demon monarchs often slaughtered mortals to force Godfiends to appear. Some Godfiends knew that they couldn’t defeat the enemy, so they would sacrifice a large number of mortals to escape.

However, some Godfiends were willing to risk their lives for mortals!

“He’s here.” The three demon monarchs at Willow River Fort revealed ugly smiles.

Qian Mo’s eyes were filled with madness. Since he had decided to return to Willow River Fort, he wanted the 6000 villagers in Willow River Fort to survive. I’ve already requested for help from Archean Mountain. I hope that reinforcements will come in time!

“Continue slaughtering the mortals.” The cyan-robed demon monarch remained extremely calm as he sent a voice transmission. “Let this Godfiend go crazy and lose his calm. We’ll be able to kill him faster once he’s lost his calm.”

“Alright.” Demon Monarch Bear destroyed the resilient fort castle with his immense strength. With a wave of his paws, he stirred up demonic winds that tore huge rifts in the ground. These reached the deep tunnels directly.

Qian Mo—who had transformed into a blur—had already rushed into the fort. The three demon monarchs immediately surrounded him.

...

At this moment, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were traveling at lightning speed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201 - Archean Mountain Godfiend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although Qian Mo had sought help, he had only encountered three Second Firmament demon monarchs. At this threat level, his request for help would naturally not reach Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. In fact, even the prefecture’s only Godfiend team was not deployed. Instead, they sent out a third Firmament avian demon monarch—that was about 150 kilometers away. The avian demon monarch was fast enough to reach Willow River Fort, save Qian Mo, and kill the three Second Firmament demon monarchs.

Ever since the demons’ first large scale attack, the number of avian demon monarchs under the control of humans had greatly increased. However, it was not easy to control them completely. Because of this, humans mostly controlled the avian demon monarchs directly.

Avian demon monarchs were extremely fast. They could fly, provide help, monitor, and send letters... They could be used for many different things.

“That Demon Monarch Cat was a demon monarch with a divine power.” Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan were chatting idly along the way. “Speaking of which, Ah Chuan, you have killed quite a few demon monarchs with divine powers, right?”

“Yes, a few.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Demon monarchs with divine powers are very strong. For example, Demon Monarch White Fox was adept at bewitchment. Unless one condenses an Essence Soul or has an extremely strong will, they would be affected. They might be killed instantly. Demon Monarch Cat’s divine powers were similarly strange.”

Demon Monarch Cat’s divine powers targeted the head, so having a strong will was useless. There were only two ways to deal with such an attack. One method was to have an extremely powerful physical body. For example, Meng Chuan had attained the Diamond Body, so his head could withstand it completely. The divine power was useless against him.

The second method was to possess an Essence Soul. When the head was heavily injured and unable to control the body, one would have to rely on the Power of Essence Soul to control their body. The fusion of Essence Soul and one’s body provided one with quicker reaction speed. One’s control over their body was also much more refined. However, this consumed one’s Power of Essence Soul’s reserves rather quickly.

It was extremely difficult for typical Great Solar Godfiends to have a powerful physical body or an Essence Soul.

This was why Demon Monarch Cat was terrifying! Fortunately, the four Godfiends could help each other. If they were to fight one-on-one, none of them would be a match for Demon Monarch Cat.

“In this world, there are many demon monarchs with divine powers.” Meng Chuan shook his head gently. “The Godfiend teams across the world are at a disadvantage. Fortunately, there are Marquis Godfiends and rescue teams like us that can help the various areas. However, sometimes we might be too late by the time we arrive to help. Thus, this war is destined to be tragic.”

“Archean Mountain has over 100 peak Great Solar Godfiends. They can easily form dozens of rescue teams. Every prefecture will have two or three Marquis Godfiends as Patrollers,” said Liu Qiyue. “We have sufficient strength to deal with most threats that require our help. We have enough strength to kill those demon monarchs with divine powers. In the Demon Realm, there aren’t many demon monarchs with divine powers. Each one we kill is important.”

Meng Chuan only knew little of Archean Mountain’s plans, but their current situation wasn’t bad. However, the demons attacked everywhere, making deaths of innocent mortals inevitable. In fact, under the premise of ensuring the survival of humanity, Archean Mountain had already tried its best to protect mortals.

Mmm? Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s expression suddenly changed. From afar, they saw billowing smoke.

“A demon monarch attack?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue looked at each other. They shared the same thoughts, and they immediately headed straight towards the smoke.

They were extremely fast. Their surroundings blurred due to the lightning around them and the speed they moved at. They moved several times faster than the speed of sound.

Soon, they saw a half-destroyed fort castle. Within the ruins, one could vaguely make out a few human corpses. They could also see three demon monarchs attacking a Godfiend.

The Godfiend cast a forbidden Godfiend spell and used his two sabers to resist the three demon monarchs’ attacks, but he had a claw mark on his chest. The claw had nearly torn his body apart. Fortunately for him, he had retreated quickly, but it still injured his internal organs. He had tried his best to stop the bleeding.

“He can’t hold on any longer.” As Meng Chuan said that, he let go of his wife and rushed over to save the Godfiend.

...

Many tunnels in Willow River Fort had cracked open from the shockwaves. The mortals within those tunnels could see the battle outside through the cracks.

Lord Qian was fighting with three terrifying demon monarchs. The shockwaves were simply devastating.

“Lord Qian.” The child, Hong Chong, and the surrounding villagers watched everything through the cracks. Hong Chong had never imagined that Lord Qian was a powerful Godfiend!

However, Lord Qian was clearly at a disadvantage as the three demon monarchs attacked his blood-stained body.

“Lord Qian.” Hong Chong was extremely anxious. He hoped that Lord Qian—who often guided him in his cultivation and gave him meat buns—would survive.

“Lord Qian, you must win.” The villagers were also hoping for his victory. The villagers knew very well that they could only survive if Lord Qian won. Otherwise, the 6000 villagers hiding in the tunnels would all die.

Whoosh.

Suddenly, a figure appeared, and the three demon monarchs silently collapsed. It was a black-robed youth.

The villagers saw Lord Qian bow respectfully and excitedly talked to the black-clothed youth.

“The demon monarchs are all dead.”

“A more powerful Godfiend has arrived.”

The villagers could tell that the black-robed youth’s status was clearly higher than that of Lord Qian. The moment he arrived, the three demon monarchs died instantly.

...

“Greetings, Senior Brother Meng.” Qian Mo was extremely excited as he bowed respectfully. “If Senior Brother Meng hadn’t arrived, I would have died in another 15 seconds.”

Whoosh.

Liu Qiyue—who had fiery wings on her back—also descended and landed beside Meng Chuan.

“Greetings, Senior Sister Liu,” said Qian Mo immediately. Although he was only an ordinary Godfiend and not an Archean Mountain inner sect disciple, he knew about the famous Godfiends in the world, such as the Meng and Liu couple! They were two of the most outstanding Great Solar Godfiends. Meng Chuan had the accomplishment of killing a fourth firmament Skydemon after working with two fellow disciples.

It was a legendary achievement to kill an opponent at a higher cultivation realm. Even if it required the joint effort of three Great Solar Gofiends, it remained an inconceivable achievement.

“We were just passing by,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “When we passed by this place, we saw beacon smoke rising from afar. That’s why we came over to take a look and saved you.”

“It looks like I’m not fated to die today.” Qian Mo laughed. He was very happy to be alive and have the vast majority of people in Willow River Fort survive. Although most of Willow River Fort had been reduced to ruins, only a few hundred people had died because they had been hiding in the tunnels. This was much better than Qian Mo had expected.

There was another reason why only hundreds of people had died, and that was because the three demon monarchs were focused on fighting Qian Mo. They hadn’t been able to engage in a large-scale massacre because of this.

Liu Qiyue said, “From afar, I could see that you move quite fast. Why didn’t you escape? Why did you keep fighting these three demon monarchs?”

“In the beginning, I fled,” said Qian Mo in a self-deprecating manner. “However, the demon monarchs destroyed the fort and began massacring the mortals in the tunnels. I couldn’t help but return. I was hoping that I could hold back the demon monarchs until reinforcements could arrive. If I really couldn’t hold on any longer, I would’ve escaped with all my might. However, I never thought that the claw would cause such severe injuries to me. Since my organs got injured, it became very difficult for me to unleash my full strength. That was no way for me to escape.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were stunned.

He had initially escaped, but he returned?

“When demons attack a city,” Meng Chuan said softly, “it will be hard to find Godfiends quickly due to the size of a city. The demons slaughter mortals to force Godfiends to show themselves. Those three demon monarchs slaughtered mortals to force you to return, and you really returned.” Meng Chuan didn’t know what to say.

Doing so didn’t abide by Archean Mountain’s orders. However, Meng Chuan was impressed by such a person.

...

The couple wasn’t in a hurry to leave. Instead, they chose a rather intact hall in Willow River Fort and chatted with Qian Mo for an hour, just in case any third Firmament demon monarchs came to Willow River Fort as backup.

An hour later, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue left. Earth Net personnel also came and took the demon monarchs’ corpses away.

“Lord Qian, Hong Chong’s family is here.” The village chief brought Hong Chong over. Hong Chong’s parents watched nervously. They now knew that Lord Qian was a Godfiend.

“Now that my identity has been exposed, it’s time for me to leave Willow River Fort.” Qian Mo’s face was pale as he spoke with a smile on his face. “This child, Hong Chong, is extremely talented. He far exceeds his peers in the village fort. It’ll be a waste for him not to receive a good education. Therefore, I plan to move your family of three to the prefecture city. I will also arrange for Hong Chong to cultivate in a Dao Academy. I wonder if you are willing to go?”

Hong Chong’s parents exchanged glances, both filled with excitement.

Their son’s talent was appreciated by a Godfiend? He wanted to groom their son?

“Yes, we’re willing,” said Hong Chong’s parents immediately.

Hong Chong found it unbelievable that he was going to attend a Dao Academy in a prefecture city.

Upon seeing the battle between Lord Qian and the demon monarchs, as well as the scene of the three demon monarchs being killed without any resistance once the black-robed Godfiend descended, he yearned to become someone like Lord Qian, or even the black-robed Godfiend.

“Hong.” Qian Mo smiled as he looked at the child. “You are very talented, and it won’t be difficult for you to reach the Impervious realm. However, it will be very difficult for you to become a Godfiend. Demons are wreaking havoc in the human world. If you don’t become a Godfiend, you will ultimately be unable to fight a demon monarch. Cultivate diligently and work hard to enter Archean Mountain and become a Godfiend.”

“Enter Archean Mountain and become a Godfiend?” Hong Chong was stunned.

“You saw that black-robed Godfiend, right? He’s a thousand times stronger than me,” said Qian Mo with a smile. “He’s an Archean Mountain Godfiend.”

Hong Chong nodded. “Yes.”

Archean Mountain Godfiend?

Hong Chong kept it in mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202 - Demon Annihilation Guild
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After returning to Gu Mountain Prefecture, Meng Chuan and his wife continued their cultivation in the mountain forest. They only returned to their residence at noon as per normal.

“Master, Madam.” The gatekeeper opened the door warmly. The middle-aged woman in charge of cooking gave a fawning smile. Lunch had already been prepared.

It wasn’t easy to live in a large city! The woman now permanently lived at the compound. This reduced the financial pressure on her family. Furthermore, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue paid their two servants a handsome salary, so the woman naturally cherished this job. Meng Chuan and his wife had allowed the two servants to bring back any leftovers for their friends and family. Now, with the rise in prices of grain, vegetables, and meat in the prefecture city, many people couldn’t bear to eat things like rice and meat anymore. The leftovers they brought back delighted their families.

After lunch, Meng Chuan entered his study and began painting. Since the painting took him a long time, the scroll he originally used for the painting was no longer enough. He was already on his second scroll for this particular painting. His original plan was to have it all painted in a single long scroll. But, he now needed several long scrolls to finish his painting. As for how many scrolls he needed to complete the painting? Meng Chuan didn’t even know either. He followed his heart on such matters.

Qian Mo. Meng Chuan wanted to paint Qian Mo and other Godfiends that were like Qian Mo.

He picked up his brush and started painting.

In that hazy morning, in the ruins of the village fort, a large number of people suffered as they hid in the tunnels... They made up the background. The focus of this scene were three ferocious demon monarchs and a heavily injured Godfiend—who charged towards the demon monarchs!

The demon monarchs were very smug. Due to their plan, the Godfiend stopped escaping and returned. It was equivalent to sending himself to his death.

The heavily injured Godfiend wore a determined look. He wanted to forge a path of survival for the countless mortals in the fort.

Meng Chuan fell silent as he painted. He had seen more than one Godfiend do this before, and he had heard of even more instances. Some Godfiends managed to hold out until reinforcements arrived. Very few managed to turn the tables and kill the demon monarchs. Most ended up dying.

Therefore, Archean Mountain had set strict rules. A Godfiend team had to abide by these rules. The four Godfiends could supervise each other, so it was still alright.

In the early stages of humanity’s great plan, Godfiends often acted alone. They took responsibility for their actions. Many Godfiends sacrificed themselves due to a moment of hotheadedness.

For some, it was their first time encountering demon monarchs massacring mortals. Some were simply unable to tolerate the wanton slaughter of numerous mortals. Angry, they charged forward! Despite knowing they were at a disadvantage, they still charged forward!

There were indeed miracles, but most ended up dying in battle.

When one was at a disadvantage, one should retreat. One only acted when they held the advantage! This was in line with military strategy, but not all Godfiends were capable of doing so. Meng Chuan only wanted to commemorate these Godfiends in his painting. If the war ended in the future, people would learn of these hot-headed Godfiends from these paintings. They would learn that it was because of these hot-headed Godfiends that many mortals were saved.

For example, Qian Mo saved 6,000 mortals.

...

The couple continued to live such a life. They held their roles as Patrollers of Gu Mountain Prefecture for a long time. With Meng Chuan’s speed, he slaughtered so many demon monarchs in Gu Mountain Prefecture that he left their forces in a sorry state. Even Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao speculated that Gu Mountain Prefecture had a powerful Godfiend guarding it. It could even be a Marquis Godfiend! Almost all third Firmament demon monarchs in Gu Mountain Prefecture had left, leaving behind a large number of second Firmament demon monarchs—who often wreaked havoc under orders.

These second Firmament demon monarchs scattered throughout the prefecture and fled after attacking. Meng Chuan tried his best, but because he was alone, there were many times he wasn’t unable to reach in time.

As for reinforcing various cities in other prefectures? After Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue successfully reinforced the Godfiend team, Archean Mountain began giving them additional missions. They came about once a month. Archean Mountain was still very cautious when assigning missions to the couple. Firstly, it was because the couple was too young. Secondly, it was because they had great potential. Archean Mountain knew it was almost certain for the duo to become Marquis Godfiends. They didn’t want the couple to encounter any danger they couldn’t deal with while they were still weak.

In the next decade or so, perhaps the two would become Marquis Godfiends! When that happened, Meng Chuan’s speed would be the best in the world, and Liu Qiyue’s Phoenix’s Nirvana would be equally powerful. They would be of great help when that happened.

Even though the pressure on them was immense, even though they knew that Meng Chuan was extremely fast, they were still cautious when deploying them.

...

In a county city on the border of Wu State and Qian State.

Beacon smoke billowed into the sky as five demon monarch corpses lay on the ground. Beside them were a Godfiend team, Meng Chuan and his wife, and a lone Godfiend chatting.

“Senior Brother Meng, Senior Sister Liu, it’s all thanks to Brother Wang Yan’s help this time.” The four Godfiends in the Godfiend team were rather excited.

One of them said, “If it weren’t for Brother Wang Yan suddenly helping us, probably one or two of us would be dead when you came, Senior Brother Meng.”

“I happened to pass by this county city.” The independent Godfiend, Wang Yan, carried a sword on his back and said with a smile, “I saw Godfiends and demon monarchs engaged in battle. Besides, an old friend of mine was amongst them. I naturally had to take action in such a dire situation.”

“Thank you, Brother Wang,” said Meng Chuan.

“There’s no need for that.” The independent Godfiend was handsome; his mustache made him look sharp. He immediately smiled and said, “Although I helped out, I was still suppressed by the demon monarchs. It was all thanks to you and your wife. The moment you two appeared, the demon monarchs all died. That’s what I call ability.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were very fond of this independent Godfiend.

“Brother Wang, are you from the Demon Annihilation Guild?” inquired Meng Chuan.

“Yes,” said Wang Yan and laughed self-deprecatingly. “Back then, I participated in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination as well. Unfortunately, I wasn’t in the top twenty. I went to the battlefield to accumulate credit, but it was too difficult to accumulate the required credit for entering the Godfiend Blood Pool. Thus, I did some missions for the Demon Annihilation Guild on the side. In the end, I managed to accumulate enough with them and became a Godfiend through the Demon Annihilation Guild.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

The Godfiends knew about the existence of the Demon Annihilation Guild. It was an organization that focused purely on assassination. Their organization didn’t recklessly kill people either. From their name, one could tell that they only targeted demons. The Demon Annihilation Guild mainly assassinated members of the Skydemon Sect! It also sought out demons that lurked all over the world.

The Demon Annihilation Guild gave out missions on a regular basis. Upon mission completion, one would gain credit. They could use the credit to exchange for what they wanted. For example, opportunities to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool or natural treasures could be exchanged with credit!

Meng Chuan and company didn’t know who was behind the Demon Annihilation Guild, but he could confirm that it had something to do with the three great sects. This was because members of the Demon Annihilation Guild could use any of the three major sects’ Godfiend Blood Pools.

Human Godfiends were mainly divided into three groups. The first group was the three great sects’ inner sect disciples. They were carefully selected and provided with plenty of resources. They had a near-certainty chance of becoming Great Solar Godfiends.

The second group was the three great sects’ outer sect disciples. They exchanged accumulated credit for opportunities, so they naturally had to follow the orders of the three large sects.

The third group belonged to the Demon Annihilation Guild. They were independent of the three great sects. They hid in the shadows. They mainly assassinated Skydemon Sect members and searched for demons.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had a good impression of Demon Annihilation Guild’s Godfiends because their fathers were part of it. Liu Yebai and Meng Dajiang became Godfiends without Eastcalm Prefecture City’s Jadesun Palace knowing of it. There were no records of them on Archean Mountain’s public intelligence pool. It meant that Liu Yebai and Meng Dajiang were Godfiends of the third group—Demon Annihilation Guild’s Godfiends!

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had also asked their fathers, and their fathers admitted to it. There was no need to hide this from them.

“The Demon Annihilation Guild was mainly used to deal with the Skydemon Sect in the past.” Wang Yan sighed. “The Skydemon Sect hides in secret. Mortal Skydemon Sect disciples can be easily found and assassinated, but those Skydemons hide very carefully. Assassinations are very difficult. Therefore, it’s easy to accumulate credit in the beginning, but it’s difficult to earn credits after that.

“Now that the demons have invaded the human world en masse, it’s rather easy to accumulate credit by assassinating demon monarchs,” said Wang Yan with a smile. “I usually travel to various county cities and village forts. Whenever I discover a second Firmament demon monarch, I immediately ambush them and flee afterward. I can only hide when I encounter those third Firmament demon monarchs. Thankfully, as members of the Demon Annihilation Guild, we usually study ways to hide our aura.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

The Demon Annihilation Guild was indeed good at assassination. For example, if his father didn’t unleash his full strength, people would think he was a mortal. Even his grandaunt and the others couldn’t tell his true cultivation realm.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203 - C.203: Demon Monarch Fu Jiao
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Of course, because of his son and daughter-in-law, Archean Mountain trusted Meng Dajiang. Furthermore, he was the Meng family clan leader. He had high prestige in Eastcalm Prefecture, and after years of cultivating the Body Tempering lineage, he had become an Indestructible Godfiend. He had become Earth Net’s highest-ranking member in Eastcalm Prefecture. Liu Yebai joined forces with Meng Dajiang and was in charge of investigating the demon monarchs in Eastcalm Prefecture.

...

“Kill!” Liu Qiyue spread her flaming wings and shot out arrows. Meng Chuan used his movement technique to pursue his enemies and engage in close combat.

...

“We came late.” Meng Chuan and his wife stood in the ruins of a county city. They looked at the three corpses on the ground. Only one member of the Godfiend team had escaped; the other three died.

Although the duo moved very fast, they still needed five minutes to travel hundreds of kilometers. With such time on their hands, the demon monarchs could kill the Godfiends before the couple arrived.

...

“Another demon monarch.”

Smoke from a fire beacon billowed into the sky.

As Gu Mountain Prefecture’s Patroller, Meng Chuan immediately rushed over.

...

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, the couple had spent eight months in Gu Mountain Prefecture. Meng Chuan experienced more in these past eight months than when he was at North River Pass and Jiang State Capital. Meng Chuan had also met all sorts of Godfiends.

Not every Godfiend was willing to sacrifice themselves for mortals. Not every Godfiend was extremely valiant. Some were selfish and afraid of death.

When Earth Net’s Indestructible Godfiends patrolled, they would typically request Archean Mountain reinforcements when they encountered second Firmament demon monarchs attacking a village fort. They would silently distance themselves from it, unwilling to save the mortals. Indestructible Godfiends were completely capable of dealing with second Firmament demon monarchs. However, because of possibly dying in battle, an Indestructible Godfiend had secretly distanced himself from the scene. Meng Chuan—who had been passing by—saw this very clearly.

When some Godfiend teams were in a dire situation, their teammates would desperately fight as they supported one another. There was an instance of a Godfiend fleeing while his companions held back the demon monarchs. His three companions died, but he managed to survive.

Meng Chuan and his wife learned about this when they rushed over to kill the demon monarchs. It was when the demon monarchs were taunting them did they realize that the only Godfiend to survive from his team had abandoned his companions. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue captured the two demon monarchs alive and had Earth Net send them to Archean Mountain for interrogation. Facing Archean Mountain’s skill in illusions, the Godfiend was unable to lie and was publicly executed!

If he had continued to fight with his three teammates, their team might’ve survived until the couple arrived. The Godfiend team could have survived. However, since he had fled, it led to his three teammates dying and to his execution.

During his execution, he shouted, “I only wanted to live. All I wanted was to stay alive. Why are you executing me!?”

When Meng Chuan learned of his fate, he wasn’t happy or angry, but sad. If the Godfiend continued living and entered a new Godfiend team, he would only harm his new teammates with his attitude.

Due to the sect’s rules, he had to be executed.

“Fool.”

“He caused the deaths of three Godfiends; yet, he wasn’t willing to admit his fault.”

Meng Chuan drew this scene on a long scroll—the Godfiend who fled with a conniving smile. His three teammates fought with all their might as he secretly escaped alone...

Meng Chuan despised him; therefore, the despicable Godfiend seemed like a clown in the painting. There were more than one of such “ugly” Godfiends in Meng Chuan’s painting. They were located at the corner of the painting, inconspicuous.

...

Late autumn in Wu State, a small county city in East Harbor Prefecture.

Smoke from the county city’s fire beacons rose as the city was devastated by three third Firmament demon monarchs wreaking havoc wantonly. Rain poured from the gloomy sky. In the tunnels, the county city’s mortals waited for help. One tunnel after another was discovered by the demon monarchs, leading to the demise of the mortals within.

This was a nightmare. After nearly 30 percent of the county city’s population was massacred, four streaks of light rushed over from afar.

“It’s three ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs.” The Godfiend team’s killing intent increased.

After experiencing heavy losses during the first large-scale probe, third Firmament demon monarchs began forming teams. Demon monarchs with divine powers led the most troublesome squads! Other demon monarchs teams were much less of a threat.

“Attack, don’t let any of them escape.”

“Kill them.”

The four Great Solar Godfiends were filled with killing intent. For the sake of the dead in the city, they had to kill these three demon monarchs. These four experienced Great Solar Godfiends quickly surrounded the three demon monarchs. The demon monarchs cast forbidden spells and tried to resist, but the massive difference in strength meant that they couldn’t last long against the Godfiends.

Unfortunately, there aren’t any geniuses among this Great Solar Godfiend team. In one of the county city’s restaurants—pinned down by a collapsed tree—a figure watched the battle from half a kilometer away. This gray-robed figure watched the battle silently from one of the restaurant’s rooms.

Forget it. Killing four Great Solar Godfiends is also considered a win. The gray-robed man stood up and blinked his eyes.

Two golden beams shot out from his pupils. The two golden beams left two faint traces in the void. The four Great Solar Godfiends—who were fighting in the distance—soon sensed the two golden beams approaching, but they had no time to block them.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

The golden beams penetrated the four Great Solar Godfiends’ glabellas. After doing their job, the two golden beams quickly disappeared from the scene as it streaked across the air. The golden beams returned to the gray-robed man’s eyes.

“Time to leave.” The gray-robed man instantly vanished.

A distance away, the four Great Solar Godfiends collapsed weakly. Despair and disbelief colored their eyes. They were East Harbor Prefecture City’s guardians. For the past nine months, they had been silently protecting the city from demon monarchs. They had saved countless mortals and killed many demon monarchs.

However, the four of them now laid on the ground weakly. Two Godfiends were Archean Mountain inner sect disciples, while the other two were Archean Mountain outer sect disciples. All of them were Great Solar Godfiends.

...

About ten minutes later, a Regis Godfiend arrived.

For one to annihilate a Godfiend team instantly, one had to be a fourth Firmament threat at the very least. If a fourth Firmament and above threat appeared, the three supreme sects would mobilize the strongest and closest Godfiends.

However, ten minutes was enough time for the gray-robed man to flee the scene. Even the Regis Godfiend was helpless.

...

In a dark, underground palace.

“Hahaha!” The gray-robed man laughed as he took off his gray robe. He was none other than the single-horned demon monarch, Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao.

“Congratulations, Your Majesty,” said the demon monarchs in the hall obsequiously.

“I only killed four Great Solar Godfiends,” said Fu Jiao with a smile. “It’s nothing worth mentioning.”

The demon monarchs in the hall began flattering him.

“It’s only because the demon monarchs in the other prefectures are too useless. They killed so few Godfiends.”

“Your Majesty is truly impressive. You easily killed four Great Solar Godfiends.”

While sitting on his throne, Fu Jiao said, “You can’t blame the demon monarchs of the various prefectures. The Godfiends are very cautious, and the rescue teams quickly arrive once help is requested. On average, at least 30 to 40 demon monarchs in Wu State die to kill a Great Solar Godfiend. Such losses are unacceptable to the Demon Realm; thus, I must kill a few Great Solar Godfiends personally.”

The demon monarchs—in charge of gathering intelligence—praised his strength. They weren’t skilled at fighting.

“Sixty percent of the demon monarchs in each prefecture have died in the past year, but they’ve only killed four Great Solar Godfiends in total. Your Majesty killed four Great Solar Godfiends at once.”

“His Majesty is almighty!”

Fu Jiao waved his hand. “Everybody leave. Give me some silence.”

“Yes,” said the demon monarchs respectfully before leaving the hall.

Fu Jiao pondered as he sat on his throne. The humans will definitely investigate my existence after this. They might even ambush me. However, they can waste their time looking for me. I won’t attack again for the next two years. I’ll decide what I’ll do after two years have passed.

He wanted to kill Godfiends, but the humans wanted to kill demon monarchs. Their desire to kill was much stronger than his. To the demons, the death of a fourth Firmament demon monarch for ten Great Solar Godfiends’ deaths was worth it.

Only 27 fourth Firmament demon monarchs entered the human world during the first batch. For the three supreme sects, sacrificing over 200 Great Solar Godfiends to take down these 27 fourth Firmament demon monarchs was very worth it.

However, the fourth Firmament demon monarchs were extremely cunning and slippery. They rarely appeared in public.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204 - Road
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 204: “Road”

Night, in Archean Mountain.

Archean Mountain Lord carried dossiers to the Supremacy’s study and whispered, “Supremacy, this is today’s dossiers.”

Qin Wu glanced at Archean Mountain Lord. “I’m guessing it’s bad news from your weak tone?”

Archean Mountain Lord nodded gently. “The Godfiend team at Wu State’s East Harbor Prefecture were killed today.”

Qin Wu’s eyes narrowed. “They were all killed?” Qin Wu muttered to himself softly. After some time, he asked, “What about the murderer?”

“We didn’t manage to find out their identity. The bait didn’t work. The murderer is likely a new fourth Firmament demon monarch,” said Archean Mountain Lord in a low voice.

“You didn’t manage to discover anything?” Qin Wu looked at Archean Mountain Lord. “Isn’t it said that Earth Net has nine layers of surveillance. If even one is attacked, other Godfiends will support them. Weren’t Godfiend teams supposed to have bait that could tempt demon monarchs into appearing after being killed? Are you telling me that Earth Net failed to discover anything and that the bait was useless?”

Archean Mountain Lord wore a bitter expression as he respectfully said, “This fourth Firmament demon monarch was too cunning. He didn’t engage in melee; instead, he chose to kill the four Godfiends from afar. The bait carried by the Godfiend team failed to tempt him.”

The study fell silent.

After some time, Qin Wu said, “Are we certain that another fourth Firmament demon monarch has appeared?”

“Yes, it’s suspected that there are 12 fourth Firmament demon monarchs within the Great Zhou Dynasty,” replied Archean Mountain Lord respectfully. “In the past half-year, the scattered Marquis Godfiends managed to ambush and kill one fourth Firmament demon monarch. The Godfiend teams’ bait allowed us to discover another three fourth Firmament demon monarchs. Another Godfiend team utilized a treasure—that they were carrying—and also killed one fourth Firmament demon monarch. In total, us humans have killed five fourth Firmament demon monarchs.

“We captured three fourth Firmament demon monarchs alive after tracking them. The demons probably don’t know that they have landed in our hands,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

“Only five have been killed.” Qin Wu shook his head gently. “It’s far from enough.”

Archean Mountain Lord immediately said, “There aren’t many fourth Firmament demon monarchs in the Demon Realm. The number of third Firmament demon monarchs that can break through to the fourth Firmament at any given time probably doesn’t exceed a hundred. There are even fewer that can successfully infiltrate our world.”

“A fourth Firmament demon monarch is extremely cautious if they can survive in our human world,” said Qin Wu. “Furthermore, I’m truly worried about how many third Firmament demon monarchs are here. As time passes, a small number of third Firmament demon monarchs will reach the fourth Firmament during life-and-death battles. At least ten or even a hundred third Firmament demon monarchs will reach the fourth Firmament in the human world.”

Archean Mountain Lord’s heart tightened.

Qin Wu said coldly, “Therefore, we need to maintain our absolute advantage. We have to surround and kill them constantly, reducing their numbers in the human world. If they are few in number, it will be difficult for third Firmament demon monarchs to reach the fourth Firmament here. Their only advantage is in numbers. When they have few forces here, they will have no advantage.”

Archean Mountain Lord agreed.

Qin Wu flipped through the dossiers. Apart from the news about Wu State’s East Harbor Prefecture, the day was quite normal. Humans continued to pursue and kill the demons methodically. The demons had no choice but to hide underground. Even the slightest of clues left behind could lead to their discovery.

“By the way,” Qin Wu flipped through the dossier and said, “I heard that Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s King White Treasure single-handedly captured two fourth Firmament demon monarchs and killed a large group of third Firmament demon monarchs. He’s responsible for nearly half of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s accomplishments in the war against the demons.”

“Yes.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded immediately. “King White Treasure cultivates the Samsara Divine Body. With the Samsara Divine Body as his foundation, he created a domain technique—Nine Heavens, Ten Earths. This ultimate technique is good for scanning the underground. It can be said to be the strongest ultimate technique when it comes to scanning the underground. This technique allowed him to capture two fourth Firmament demon monarchs and wipe out many third Firmament demon monarch lairs.

“Archean Mountain has obtained a copy of the “Nine Heavens, Ten Earths” technique after trading with Black Sand Grotto-Heaven,” Archean Mountain Lord explained. “However, one has to cultivate the Samsara Divine Body and become a Regis Godfiend before they can reach King White Treasure’s reconnaissance proficiency. Our Archean Mountain doesn’t have any Regis Godfiends who cultivate a Samsara Divine Body.”

Qin Wu nodded and said, “I have an idea. Discuss with Black Sand Grotto-Heaven about this. When King White Treasure’s scanning of Black Sand Dynasty’s territory no longer yields much result, he can come to our Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory. He can scan the places we are suspicious of. Let’s see what conditions Black Sand Grotto-Heaven will raise.”

“Alright, I’ll give it a try.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded. “However, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven will definitely make exorbitant demands.”

“He is single-handedly responsible for half of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s current war accomplishments when it comes to killing demons. It’ll be worth it to invite him here,” said Qin Wu.

Godfiends had their own areas of expertise. Some were very good at tracking demon monarchs.

Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s King White Treasure could be said to be the best when it came to finding demons! He could scan up to 2.5 kilometers deep underground. This made him the best in the world when it came to locating demons.

Even Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul perception domain was greatly weakened when scanning the underground, much less ordinary domains. The effects of reconnaissance abilities were greatly weakened when obstructed by soil. It wouldn’t be surprising if the ability had only a hundredth of their original effectiveness.

It was inconceivable that King White Treasure’s technique could maintain such effectiveness when scanning the underground. Of course, others could also achieve such effectiveness with their own abilities. For example, Two World Island’s King Mist Illusion was most skilled at splitting into many embodiments. He could split into more than 10,000 fog bodies—which would then search the underground together.

Another example was Archean Mountain’s King True Martial could discern past events that acquire a short period of time ago. He had terrifying tracking abilities.

...

Meng Chuan had vaguely discerned the global situation after repeatedly rescuing others. He knew one thing: many ordinary Godfiends had sacrificed themselves for their current “peace.”

However, their sacrifices were necessary. Only by forming teams of Godfiends could the entire world be protected!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The cold wind howled outside.

In his study, Meng Chuan finally finished the last stroke of his current painting. He placed the three long scrolls he had painted during the past year on the table.

The first scroll—from right to left—depicted North River Pass’s Godfiends and soldiers as they guarded the city pass against a demon invasion. It was followed by battle scenes from the invasion of Jiang State Capital; it included the scene of Meng Chuan and his senior brothers fighting Blackwater Palace Lord.

The second scroll had scenes of the demons’ first large scale probe. This large-scale probe caused blazing beacons—from all over the world—to emit smoke. It was the most tragic scene on the second scroll. One scene depicted fleeing Godfiends—who had betrayed their teammates’ trust. Another scene depicted Godfiends silently watching demon monarchs destroying village forts.

The third scroll focused on seven very tragic battles. In some battles, Godfiends were completely wiped out. In other scenes, one could see Godfiends annihilating all the demon monarchs.

When placed in order, the three scrolls formed a very long painting. Its total length reached 83 feet! At a glance, it was like a road. The battles and corpses formed a bloody road. Only by traversing this road, would the humans attain victory.

Bloodshed? Sacrifices? There was no way one could obtain victory without any of that!

Meng Chuan wrote one word on the rightmost edge of the first scroll. It was the name of the painting—Road.

He wrote a sentence line beside his name—”Personally seen and heard after four years off the mountain.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205 - Becoming a Dad!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everything he had experienced in the past four years after he left the mountain had a huge impact on his state of mind.

He had seen too many deaths.

The deaths of mortals and Godfiends.

Scenes of many mortals slaughtered, and many Godfiends dying in battle...

Meng Chuan was a little lost after seeing too many of such scenes. He felt that he might one day die just like them. Could this war be won? Although his often-repeated slogan mentioned victory, his heart was filled with confusion. He couldn’t see through the fog ahead.

Thus, he decided to paint what was on his mind. He sought answers from his inner self. He asked himself what he strove for! The more he painted, the more answers he received; thus, leading to a greater understanding of what he was fighting for.

There were thousands of different humans! There were also thousands of different Godfiends. Those that became Godfiends were elites, but this didn’t mean that they weren’t despicable. Meng Chuan was impressed by the valiant heroes and looked down on the despicable.

There are many heroes amongst the Godfiends in this world. These heroes’ blood will forge a bloody path through the fog. There are many fellow travelers on this bloody path! The heroes who died in battle, the surviving Godfiends, and the future generations of Godfiends are all fellow travelers. I’m not alone on this path.

Everyone shall charge forward together. We will definitely achieve victory.

Meng Chuan became even more determined. He dared to look straight at pools of blood. He dared to face the corpses of his fellow Godfiends. He no longer feared or panicked when faced with such scenes. He just cut through the fog and advanced. When the fog dispersed, it would be the day he arrived at the opposite shore—victory.

After seeking answers from his inner self for a year as he completed the painting, his heart sublimed. During this year, his Essence Soul would constantly emit a spiritual glow. It slowly transformed; this transformation lasted for nearly a year. This transformation was very astonishing.

The influence the painting—Road—had on Meng Chuan’s heart was greater than any other painting. Meng Chuan could sense that his Essence Soul was much stronger.

Hum! Within his sea of consciousness, Meng Chuan could sense how his Essence Soul constantly transformed over the past year. It had become more corporeal and larger. His Essence Soul was 8 feet tall[1]! It was identical to a normal person’s height, making it extremely realistic.

My Essence Soul has strengthened by several times, but it’s still a second-level Essence Soul. Meng Chuan knew this based on the Archean Mountain’s documentation on the Essence Soul. Only when his Essence Soul exceeded 9 feet in height would it reach the Nightroaming stage.

He wasn’t far from breaking through.

One of the thresholds for becoming a Regis Godfiend was a third-level Essence Soul. Upon attaining a Nightroaming-stage Essence Soul, one’s Essence Soul gained various mystical qualities; it could exist in the outside world independently. One could use their Essence Soul alone to deliver many attacks. For example, King Calm Sea had once spared no expense to leave a sword mark on Yan Jin. The sword mark was an Essence Soul mystical technique.

Generally speaking, Godfiends would first reach the Realm of Dao before seeking answers from one’s inner self. It was very difficult to achieve that with killing techniques. Marquis Godfiends usually spent decades and even centuries to attain a third-level Essence Soul.

However, painting was an expression of one’s heart and emotions. It was much easier to seek answers from one’s inner self with painting than with killing techniques. This was one of the reasons why Supremacy Qin Wu thought highly of Meng Chuan. It was also the reason why Supremacy Luo Tang allowed Meng Chuan to enter the Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven. Meng Chuan was indeed a peerless genius at painting.

...

Time passed.

In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan and his wife had lived a secluded life in Gu Mountain Prefecture City for three years. They passed their days with great regularity and peacefulness.

Meng Chuan patrolled Gu Mountain Prefecture twice a day. He even detoured to neighboring prefectures. He usually spent his days and time with his wife. He would cross prefectures every month to provide assistance.

Perhaps he was lucky, or Archean Mountain might’ve been carefully choosing the missions assigned to him, but Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue didn’t encounter any major dangers in those three years. They had never encountered a fourth Firmament demon monarch.

There were very few fourth Firmament demon monarchs in the human world, so it was normal for them not to encounter one.

As she stood beside a butcher stall, Liu Qiyue happily said, “Give me a kilogram of pork ribs.”

“Alright.” The fat butcher skillfully sliced through the pork ribs, weighed it, and smiled. “Here’s a kilogram of pork ribs. The additional 25 grams are a bonus.”

Liu Qiyue placed the pork ribs—wrapped in leaves—into the basket she held before heading elsewhere to buy more food.

“Qiyue, why did you suddenly think of buying groceries yourself today? You even wanted me to join you,” asked Meng Chuan with a smile.

Liu Qiyue glared at Meng Chuan. “Why are you complaining when I’m asking you to accompany me?”

Meng Chuan immediately smiled obsequiously.

The couple bought all kinds of food in a good mood. The price of grain and meat were currently being maintained at a high price, causing many commoners to risk leaving the city and plant grain and vegetables for money. Although the chances of encountering demon monarchs outside were low, it was just a matter of time before they were attacked if they stayed out in the wilderness and were involved in large-scale farming.

They would die if they encountered a demon monarch. It was indeed highly risky to farm outside the city.

Meng Chuan and his wife continued to buy things as per usual, so they were considered quite well-to-do.

“It’s about time. Let’s go home,” said Liu Qiyue as she carried a large basket—filled with meat and vegetables.

Back at the compound.

Liu Qiyue pulled Meng Chuan to the kitchen at the back.

“Madam, leave the cooking to me,” said the female servant.

“You don’t have to worry about our meals today. Take your leave,” instructed Liu Qiyue.

“Yes.” The woman had no choice but to leave.

“Help me,” Liu Qiyue said to Meng Chuan, “wash and cut the carrots.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan was familiar with working with her. As a peerless saber user, how hard was it for him to cut carrots?

They finished cooking lunch.

The couple sat down in front of a spread—seven dishes and one soup.

“Such a sumptuous feast?” Meng Chuan was shocked. “Qiyue, what day is it today? Why did you prepare so many dishes? You even bought groceries and cooked personally.”

Liu Qiyue looked at the sumptuous spread before her and chuckled softly. “It’s a joyous occasion today.”

“Joyous occasion? Where does the joy come from?” Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue, his heart beating faster. He was not stupid. “Qiyue, a-are you...” Meng Chuan found it unbelievable. “Are you pregnant?”

Liu Qiyue nodded and smiled at Meng Chuan. She flushed as she shyly said, “I’m pregnant.”

“This, this, this? You’re pregnant? H-how... Why did you cook personally?” Meng Chuan couldn’t help but say, “You shouldn’t have cooked. If I had known earlier, I would have done it.”

“Ah Chuan, I’m a Godfiend! I have great control over my body. Making a meal is nothing. It’s impossible to hurt the baby in my womb,” Liu Qiyue said.

Meng Chuan suddenly said, “You’re right. I didn’t sense any other vital aura besides your own in your womb.”

“It’s just the beginning,” said Liu Qiyue. “In half a month, the baby will take form. As a Great Solar Godfiend, how can I make a mistake in controlling my body?”

“Yes, yes, yes.” Meng Chuan nodded repeatedly. He was too excited. After settling down at Gu Mountain Prefecture City, he and his wife wanted a child, but they never managed to conceive. It was harder for Godfiends to have children than mortals.

Nothing came out of it after three years, and they had been prepared to be childless for ten years.

However, the surprise was finally here!

I, Meng Chuan, am going to be a father!

[1] Take note that this is not in modern day measurements. 8 feet is about 1.88 meters or 6’2 feet in modern day measurements

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206 - Double Joy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan carefully cared for his wife, Liu Qiyue, afraid that the fetus might be harmed.

“Qiyue, Qiyue, since you are pregnant, there’s no need for you to practice archery.” In a mountain forest outside Gu Mountain Prefecture City, Meng Chuan was coaxing Liu Qiyue.

“With my Quintessential Essence protecting the fetus, nothing will happen to it,” said Liu Qiyue. “Let’s not even talk about archery now. If Archean Mountain deploys us, I’ll still join you on a rescue mission.”

“Together?” Meng Chuan immediately said, “Just me alone is enough.”

Liu Qiyue said, “Even if I use some of my Quintessential Essence to protect the fetus, I can still unleash my full strength. Furthermore, if you encounter a fourth Firmament demon monarch, you might not be able to fend off the enemy and escape with your strength alone. I don’t want my child to be fatherless the moment they’re born.”

“You’re unable to use Phoenix’s Nirvana since you’re pregnant, right?” asked Meng Chuan worriedly.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “If I were in a dire situation, I would have no choice but to sacrifice the child and use Phoenix’s Nirvana! At that time, I would still be able to deal with a fourth Firmament demon monarch.”

In this duo, Meng Chuan normally used his powers to pursue and kill demon monarchs. However, if he were to fall into a dire situation, Liu Qiyue could protect him with Phoenix’s Nirvana!

“Sacrifice the child?” Meng Chuan blinked.

“In any case, I can’t be at ease if you go alone on a rescue mission,” said Liu Qiyue. “Archean Mountain has reasons for making us a team. Don’t worry. As long as there’s hope, I won’t give up on the child.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Let’s continue cultivating.” Liu Qiyue stood there and continued practicing her archery. Arrows flew across the sky like swimming dragons.

Although Meng Chuan subconsciously felt that a pregnant woman had to be careful, his reason made him realize that pregnant Godfiends could still unleash astonishing power. If one engaged in melee combat, the child in the womb would be a fatal weakness. However, his wife was a sharpshooter; she attacked from far away. Thus, the baby in her womb wasn’t at much risk.

I guess I can only make do with it. Meng Chuan could only adapt to the situation slowly.

...

A month into Liu Qiyue’s pregnancy.

Night.

The couple was sleeping in bed. Meng Chuan suddenly sensed two faint auras appear in his wife’s womb. It came very suddenly. It was as though life had truly taken form at that very moment.

Two vital auras? Meng Chuan sat up and stared at his wife’s abdomen. His head burned as the corner of his lips curled upwards. He couldn’t help but laugh.

“Two children?” Liu Qiyue woke up and opened her eyes. She had also sensed the two auras. She sat up and looked at her abdomen in shock. “Twins?”

“It’s twins.” Meng Chuan was extremely excited as well. “I didn’t expect that we would have twins the moment we conceived after five years of marriage. I wonder if it’s a boy and girl, two boys, or two girls?”

Liu Qiyue gently touched her abdomen, her eyes filled with love. She felt the two auras in her body. It was their children’s auras.

“Ah Chuan, we are going to have children.” Liu Qiyue’s eyes were filled with tears.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan found it very magical as well. After sensing the two vital auras, Meng Chuan felt like he had another meaning to existing in the world.

“Perhaps we might die in a battle with the demon monarchs,” Liu Qiyue said softly. “However, we have two children. They will have their own families in the future. They will also live in the world.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan gently hugged his wife and softly said, “Perhaps we won’t live to see the world turn peaceful, but our descendants will definitely be able to see it.”

He had the strength and courage to face dangerous situations now that he was going to have children.

“I hope our children and their descendants can travel the world and see the great scenery,” said Liu Qiyue. “They can be obsessed with the arts. They can indulge in whatever they want and not be forced by the world to cultivate.”

“Only by winning the war will there be no more demons in the human world. Only then, will they live their lives so freely,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue nodded.

As long as the war continued, future generations would have to risk their lives.

“Therefore, we have to work hard to kill all the demons in the world faster,” said Liu Qiyue as Meng Chuan nodded with a smile.

...

Five days after Liu Qiyue confirmed that she was pregnant with twins, Archean Mountain assigned them a rescue mission.

“Let’s go.” The couple immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning and left Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

Meng Chuan took a few seconds to go from a standstill to maximum speed by using his movement technique. This was to ensure that the babies inside Liu Qiyue would suffer less damage. Of course, Liu Qiyue was already protecting the fetuses carefully.

“The Godfiends are here.”

“It’s Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue!”

When they arrived at the battlefield, a demon monarch squad and a Godfiend team were engaged in battle. The best thing about the couple was their speed!

Often, demon monarchs thought that they still had plenty of time when Meng Chuan and his wife arrived.

Liu Qiyue spread her flaming wings and hovered in the air. She smiled as she glanced at her abdomen before pointing the bow downwards and pulling it taut. Following that, three flame dragons shot out.

Meng Chuan transformed into a bolt of lightning and rushed at the demon monarchs.

They did the same as usual. Liu Qiyue still used her normal strength. Just shooting arrows as per normal didn’t affect the fetuses at all.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Meng Chuan was extremely enthusiastic as he wiped out all the demon monarchs in five seconds.

“Senior Brother Meng, Senior Sister Liu.”

“The moment Senior Brother Meng and Senior Sister Liu arrived, they killed all the demon monarchs in the blink of an eye.”

The four Great Solar Godfiends were also in a good mood. After three years, Meng Chuan and his wife were very familiar with the Godfiend teams around their designated area.

Liu Qiyue landed on the ground.

“Junior Brother Yu, have you been doing well recently?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue chatted with the four Godfiends. Through such conversations, Meng Chuan and his wife grasped their designated area’s overall situation.

...

Days passed.

Liu Qiyue continued helping Meng Chuan even though she was pregnant.

Winter went as spring came.

Liu Qiyue’s belly gradually grew more noticeable.

“Don’t move.” Liu Qiyue was sunbathing in the courtyard. The spring sun was bright. Although she was only five months pregnant, the baby bump was still very obvious because she had conceived twins.

By the side, Meng Chuan moved his study table to the courtyard and carefully painted his wife’s appearance.

Although he had experienced many battles and seen many tragic scenes ever since they had married, Meng Chuan still painted his wife every year. This was already the sixth painting. This painting was special to them because it depicted the pregnant Liu Qiyue. It would probably be very difficult for another painting of his pregnant wife to emerge in the future. After all, it was common for female Godfiends to give birth only once. It would be considered above average if one gave birth twice.

Of course, male Godfiends could have many children if they had multiple wives. King Calm Sea was an example. Yan Jin’s mother was of low status.

“Lie down a little more. Lie down a little longer.” Meng Chuan painted very seriously as he carefully observed his wife’s appearance.

The bright spring sunlight touched his pregnant wife’s body as she gently caressed her stomach.

The smile on her face moved Meng Chuan’s heartstrings more than usual.

Meng Chuan was the best artist in the world. He captured that moment with his brush.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207 - Third-Level Essence Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Liu Qiyue basked in the spring sun and watched her husband seriously painting, she couldn’t help but smile.

After they married, Liu Qiyue had stored all the paintings that Meng Chuan had drawn of her. She often took the collection out to look at them.

“How beautiful,” said Meng Chuan softly when he looked at Liu Qiyue before lowering his head to continue painting.

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but laugh out loud.

Meng Chuan had discovered a different kind of beauty in the pregnant Liu Qiyue. It was a stunning beauty, a beauty that belonged to a mother.

The woman in front of me is my wife. She’s pregnant with my children. How lucky am I? Meng Chuan was similarly filled with happiness. In this time of war, he cherished this moment of happiness. His intense happiness bled into his painting. As he drew, the Essence Soul in Meng Chuan’s sea of consciousness began to emit a spiritual glow as it transformed.

In fact, other than the first time he painted his wife, the next few paintings didn’t significantly change his Essence Soul despite the occasional spiritual glow coming from it. However, the changes in his Essence Soul were still very obvious; it was currently eight feet and seven inches tall. As he painted his pregnant wife, the transformation of his Essence Soul was even more obvious than when he first got married.

Eight feet eight inches, eight feet nine inches... His Essence Soul slowly transformed and finally reached nine feet in height! The moment his Essence Soul reached nine feet, his Essence Soul changed qualitatively.

This is...

Meng Chuan’s attention drifted as his consciousness fused with his Essence Soul completely.

Meng Chuan looked at his vast sea of consciousness before looking down at his arms and legs. This was his Essence Soul?

It feels like I can separate my Essence Soul from my body at any moment. Meng Chuan had a feeling that his body was the home, while his Essence Soul was the core. Now, his Essence Soul could leave his body with just a thought! However, according to Archean Mountain’s manuals, an Essence Soul at the Nightroaming stage couldn’t leave the body during the day because it would be damaged by the sun’s rays severely.

...

Still dazed, Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul returned to his body. He could sense the changes in his body. He could clearly sense everything 500 feet around him! He could also sense auras up to 2.5 kilometers away.

My Essence Soul has reached the third level? Meng Chuan understood what had happened. His heart skipped a beat, but he put the matter aside and continued panting his wife.

...

That night, after dinner.

“Qiyue, I’ll head into a chamber and cultivate in seclusion for a while,” said Meng Chuan.

“Cultivate in seclusion?” Liu Qiyue nodded slightly. “Ah Chuan, didn’t you reach a bottleneck a long time ago?”

In terms of baneful aura and Quintessential Essence, he had reached a bottleneck in every aspect. Thus, he rarely went into seclusion.

“I’ve made a breakthrough with my Essence Soul,” said Meng Chuan.

“Essence Soul?” Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up. After several rescue missions with her husband, she could tell that Meng Chuan was extremely powerful! He far exceeded the normal strength of a Great Solar Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and a peak Saber Soul.

Others would think that Meng Chuan had some fortuitous encounter. Although Meng Chuan had kept Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven’s existence a secret, he had informed his wife that the source of his strength was his Essence Soul. It had been several years since he became a Great Solar Godfiend, so it wasn’t a big deal for others to know that he had condensed an Essence Soul.

Ah Chuan’s Essence Soul was already very strong. Now, he has made another breakthrough? Liu Qiyue was filled with anticipation and pride.

Meng Chuan entered the chamber.

Although the compound wasn’t very large, Meng Chuan and his wife had personally excavated an underground chamber.

Meng Chuan lit the incense before sitting cross-legged. Then, he slowly closed his eyes.

With a thought, his consciousness completely fused with his Essence Soul and lost control of his body.

Time to go. As he stared at his vast sea of consciousness, Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul left his body with a single thought.

An illusory Meng Chuan appeared beside the real Meng Chuan—who was sitting cross-legged.

His real body couldn’t feel the wind. However, Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul could sense the blade-like wind constantly boring into his illusory body, causing his illusory body to ache all over. Furthermore, the void felt like a terrifying sea, as though it could swallow his Essence Soul at any moment.

The Nightroaming stage. According to the manuals, the first time one sends their Essence Soul outside their body, they will encounter a Wind Tribulation, This Wind Tribulation will make one’s body more resilient. Only when one can remain as stable as a rock while being buffeted by the wind, can one’s Essence Soul travel far away at night.

When his Essence Soul left his body, his real body couldn’t feel the wind in the chamber. His Essence Soul continued feeling the pain. After some time, his Essence Soul got used to it and became much stronger.

His Essence Soul could stay in the chamber easily at least.

A third-level Essence Soul can leave one’s body. Meng Chuan controlled his Essence Soul to fly around the chamber before looking at his body—that was still sitting cross-legged. He sighed inwardly. It’s no wonder that one can possess another body when their Essence Soul reaches the fifth level. They can even switch bodies completely.

Possession could be done at the fifth level, but powerful Godfiends rarely used the ability. Firstly, one’s lifespan was linked to their Essence Soul! Even if one changed their body, they couldn’t escape their deaths when their lifespan came to an end.

Secondly, if a body and Essence Soul weren’t completely compatible, it would affect one’s strength.

Godfiends usually possessed other bodies because their bodies were destroyed or were unable to be saved. Thus, they were forced to possess another body.

Return. With just a thought, his Essence Soul instantly returned to his body. Only when his Essence Soul returned to his sea of consciousness did he feel secure. His Essence Soul was still too weak outside his body.

From the third level of the Essence Soul, the Power of Essence Soul will become very potent. Meng Chuan knew this very well. Previously, the first and second levels increased his control over his body and Quintessential Essence, allowing him to unleash greater strength. From the third level and onward, other than having finer control over his body and Quintessential Essence, the Power of Essence Soul alone could deal with enemies.

Even if one were a mortal with a weak body, if they had a third-level Essence Soul, they could easily kill a Great Solar Godfiend with the Power of Essence Soul.

According to the manual’s description, a third-level Essence Soul’s Power of Essence Soul alone has the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend. A fifth-level Essence Soul’s Power of Essence Soul has the strength of a weak Regis Godfiend. A seventh-level Essence Soul’s Power of Essence Soul has the strength of a weak Creation realm expert.

If one was strong in all aspects, like the physical body, Quintessential Essence, technique realm, and cultivation realm, they could unleash even more strength when working in concert with their Essence Soul.

With a third-level Essence Soul, I can cultivate a lot more Essence Soul mystic techniques. What’s most important now is to cultivate the Essence Soul mystic technique—Soul-Vanquishing Spike.

Meng Chuan closed his eyes and focused on training the Essence Soul mystic technique.

In his consciousness, his Essence Soul sat cross-legged as well. The Power of Essence Soul gathered in his Essence Soul’s palm, forming a “spike.” Divine patterns began to condense, and Meng Chuan carefully fused them into the spike. The spike gradually became more corporeal.

His Essence Soul needed to reach the third level if he wanted to condense an Essence Soul weapon with the Power of Essence Soul.

The Soul-Vanquishing Spike was a mystic technique and an Essence Soul weapon.

...

Meng Chuan cultivated for six hours every night for seven days.

He couldn’t afford to make any mistakes regarding the divine patterns on the Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Any mistake would result in the dispersal of his Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Therefore, he had to form the divine patterns slowly. After seven days of cultivation, he had completely covered the surface of the Soul-Vanquishing Spike with divine patterns. It was extremely dazzling and eye-catching in his Essence Soul’s hands. Its might was extremely powerful.

If one didn’t have an Essence Soul, death was guaranteed in front of the Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Just the Soul-Vanquishing Spike alone had the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend. It could even injure Marquis Godfiend.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208 - All-Round Enhancement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 208: All-Round Enhancement

I’ve succeeded.

Meng Chuan sat cross-legged in the chamber. With a thought, the Soul-Vanquishing Spike flew out from his consciousness. It was a weapon condensed from the Power of Essence Soul. It was invisible to the naked eye, and one’s body and Quintessential Essence were unable to block it.

Swoosh!

The Soul-Vanquishing Spike passed through the wall as though it didn’t exist and flew out of the chamber. It circled the courtyard twice before shooting out into the night sky. After flying the Soul-Vanquishing Spike for a while, it returned to his sea of consciousness.

I can perfectly control the Soul-Vanquishing Spike within 500 feet. It’s extremely fast and agile. Meng Chuan realized his current limitations in regards to controlling the Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Once it is over 500 feet from, my control over it will gradually weaken. My control over it within 1,000 feet is still okay. Once it’s more than 1,000 feet away, my control over it rapidly decreases. I’ll lose complete control of it after it is over 2,000 feet away from me.

His perception of the Soul-Vanquishing Spike had blurred when it was over 2,000 feet from him, so he immediately retrieved it. It’s sufficient to use it to deal with enemies within 1000 feet. Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Following that, he began to experiment with other mystic techniques. With a third-level Essence Soul, the Soul-Vanquishing Spike was the most powerful mystic technique. It was the only technique that required a condensed Essence Soul weapon. However, the other mystic techniques had their own traits. For instance, Hallucination Soul Draw and the Soul Splintering Wave were useful techniques. He needed to master these techniques because it could prove useful in dire situations in the future.

...

Dawn, the next morning. In Meng Chuan’s study.

“Qiyue, do you need any treasures from the sect?” inquired Meng Chuan.

“Not for now.” Liu Qiyue shook her head.

Meng Chuan nodded and wrote a letter. Then, he rolled it up and placed it in a metal tube.

“Little Gray,” Meng Chuan shouted.

Swoosh.

A gray bird flew in from the window and landed on the desk. It was the third Firmament avian demon monarch that Meng Chuan and his wife had bought from the sect for 1.5 million credits.

“Send this letter to Archean Mountain. Archean Mountain will give you a gourd of pills. Bring it back for me,” instructed Meng Chuan.

“Yes, Master.” The gray bird spoke human language. It opened its mouth and put the metal tube into its mouth before flying away.

“You’re getting 390 Scarlet Blood Divine Pills?” Liu Qiyue asked in surprise. “Do you need that much?”

“I expend a lot of Quintessential Essence to cultivate my physical body technique. If I use the Heaven and Earth powers to replenish my Quintessential Essence, I’ll only finish cultivating this technique after ten years. During those ten years, I would have to cultivate for several hours a day. With the Scarlet Blood Divine Pills, two hours of body cultivation a day will allow me to master it within a year. Once I master this physical body technique, my body will be comparable to a Man-grade divine armament. Even my head will no longer be a vital spot. I can even regenerate severed limbs given time,” explained Meng Chuan with a smile.

“It’s that amazing?” Liu Qiyue was a little excited.

Meng Chuan nodded.

The body cultivation system’s Divine Power realm—the third realm—was naturally powerful. One gained several Marquis Godfiend characteristics. The only thing the Divine Power realm lacked was the Darkstar Domain. A Divine Power realm expert’s overall offensive strength might be weaker, but their physical body was stronger and more resilient than that of a Marquis Godfiend. Their bodies no longer possessed any vital points. One could be stabbed in the head, heart, and dantian and wouldn’t die. Instead, they could maintain 70 to 80 percent of their normal strength. After some time, they would recover from such injuries completely and return to peak physical state.

If one reached the Undying realm—the fourth realm—they could completely suppress Marquis Godfiends with just their physical bodies. With immense strength and a nigh-indestructible and undying body, the enemy could strike their previous vital points as many times as they wanted, but Undying experts would recover in the blink of an eye. Undying experts could regrow their severed limbs instantly. In aspects such as physical strength and vitality, Undying experts would reach an inconceivable, monstrous level.

Blood Droplet experts—the fifth realm—were incomparably tough to deal with. They were difficult to kill. Even if their bodies were to be smashed to smithereens and their blood completely scattered, they would instantly recover if even a single strand of hair or a drop of blood was left behind.

This body cultivation system was stronger than the Godfiend Quintessential Essence system. However, there were two major flaws. One flaw was that this body cultivation system required Cosmos Crystals. The second flaw was that it demanded much from one’s Essence Soul attainments.

For example, one required a fourth-level Essence Soul to cultivate the Undying realm. In reality, the numerous mystic techniques for fourth-level Essence Souls were terrifying when it came to Marquis Godfiends. This body cultivation system didn’t showcase its powerful advantages in the beginning, but its advantages gradually became apparent during the mid and late stages.

The further one went with this body cultivation system, the harder it was to kill them. Unfortunately, the limit for Meng Chuan was the Blood Droplet realm unless he could find Cosmos Crystals—which only existed in other worlds.

Of course, for Archean Mountain’s predecessors to obtain and hide this legacy at Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven meant that there had to be a tiny amount of Cosmos Crystals. Clearly, one could obtain Cosmos Crystals, but it was very difficult to find them. Archean Mountain had only obtained a tiny amount of Cosmos Crystals to date.

“Not only that, but I’ll also have a divine power after I master it,” said Meng Chuan. “Just like how demon monarchs can gain divine powers, this mystic technique can also give me divine powers.”

“Truly impressive. It’s no wonder the Supremacy looked for you before we left the mountain.” Liu Qiyue was also happy for her husband.

The same evening, the bird returned with a gourd of Scarlet Blood Divine Pills. Meng Chuan began his cultivation of the Divine Power realm.

This gourd of Scarlet Blood Divine Pills cost him 3.9 million credits! The Quiescence Frost baneful aura—something he needed for his cultivation—required 8 million credits. Meng Chuan felt that his contributions and credit were lacking.

...

The couple was deployed on another rescue mission.

Liu Qiyue spread her flaming wings and looked down from midair.

“Kill!” Meng Chuan’s Power of Essence Soul fused with his Great Solar Quintessential Essence. He had an inconceivable level of control over his Quintessential Essence. The vast majority of Marquis Godfiends were unable to control their Quintessential Essence so precisely. This made Meng Chuan’s movements more agile and his saber arts faster. In an instant, he could execute several saber attacks! His strength had reached a brand new level.

The control over one’s Quintessential Essence granted by fusing one’s third-level Power of Essence Soul was truly terrifying. The maximum strength he could unleash after fusing the third-level Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence was much greater than when he did it with the second-level Power of Essence Soul.

The saber beam sliced through the demon monarchs’ body like paper.

Before the five demon monarchs could escape 300 feet, they were sliced apart by Meng Chuan’s saber beam. Only then did Meng Chuan reveal his existence. He was still awed by his new levels of strength. The first time he used his third-level Essence Soul to control his Quintessential Essence during a battle made him feel like everything was under his control. He believed that he could fight Blackwater Palace Lord alone with his present strength.

If he were to fuse the Power of Essence Soul with his body and Quintessential Essence and cast forbidden Godfiend spells, he could easily kill Blackwater Palace Lord with his Essence Soul mystic techniques.

I’ve actually improved by so much. A third-level Essence Soul enhances all aspects of strength so greatly. Meng Chuan was delighted. Since his wife was pregnant in such an era, Meng Chuan wanted to be as strong as possible. Only by becoming stronger could he better protect his wife and children.

Swoosh!

The five demon monarchs collapsed, leaving the Godfiend team—that requested for help—shocked.

The demon monarch team that had suppressed them was easily wiped out by Meng Chuan. The five demon monarchs tried to flee in different directions but failed to move 300 feet before dying. Clearly, Meng Chuan had killed the five demon monarchs in the blink of an eye. None of the five demon monarchs managed to fend off a single attack. Such strength reminded this Godfiend team of a Marquis Godfiend.

“Senior Brother Meng must have reached the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend.”

“How long has Senior Brother Meng been cultivating; yet, he’s already this strong? He’s probably not far from becoming a Marquis.”

“Senior Brother Meng is truly stunning.”

These fellow disciples were astounded by Meng Chuan’s display of strength. Liu Qiyue was even more delighted than them as she watched from above. Her radiant smile hung on her face as she lowered her head and stroked her abdomen gently.

When she was pregnant, she especially hoped for a sense of security. Now that Meng Chuan’s strength had reached a stunning level, Liu Qiyue felt even safer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209 - A Trap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On Archean Mountain.

Qin Wu flipped through the dossiers. He did this every night because he needed to know everything that was happening in the world. The demon invasion was an unprecedented catastrophe for the human world. Once they lost the war, the human race would collapse.

“Another fourth Firmament demon monarch has appeared?” Qin Wu looked at the dossier and frowned. “It’s even in our Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory?”

“Yes.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded and said, “A greater demon monarch appeared in Yuan State. Its name is Greater Demon Monarch Zhang You. It was originally a third Firmament demon monarch; it likely broke through recently.”

Qin Wu nodded slightly. “In the past three years, many third Firmament demon monarchs that entered the human world have already broken through. Now, there are nine such demon monarchs in our Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory. Five have broken through in the past two years. Furthermore, according to what I know, the demons plan on sending thirty percent of the third Firmament demon monarchs in the Demon Realm to our human world.”

“Thirty percent?” Archean Mountain Lord exclaimed. “Is the intelligence reliable?”

“The source of the news is reliable. Our human world is suitable for demon survival; thus, the demons desperately want to occupy it.”

“Then, what should we do?” Archean Mountain Lord was extremely worried.

“They all know that the human world is dangerous.” Qin Wu sneered. “Many demon monarchs are unwilling to come, so there must be internal strife among the demon monarchs if they want to send third Firmament demon monarchs into the human world en masse. However, how are those entering the human world decided? Why would they take such risks? Even the few demon Imperial Lords won’t be able to mobilize thirty percent of the Demon Realm’s third Firmament demon monarchs in a short period of time.”

Archean Mountain Lord nodded.

“We need to continue the pursuit. This will make the demons believe that their losses in the human world are extremely high,” continued Qin Wu. “The greater the casualties, the harder it is for the demons to mobilize thirty percent of their third Firmament demon monarchs.”

“I will draw up a plan and intensify the hunting,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

“Actually, the most important thing is that we humans have to become stronger,” said Qin Wu. “For the past three years, the war has been so intense, but our Archean Mountain has only produced two Marquis Godfiends and not a single Regis Godfiend.”

Archean Mountain Lord fell silent.

Compared to the past, having two newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends in three years was considered a lot. However, everyone was still anxious. A Marquis Godfiend was more useful than 100 Great Solar Godfiends. The more powerhouses they had, the better.

For instance, a Regis Godfiend like King White Treasure—who was adept at underground reconnaissance—was responsible for half of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s accomplishments in killing demon monarchs. This was a testament to how useful a powerful Godfiend was.

“Two newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends—one broke through at 62 years old, while the other broke through at the age of 79.” Qin Wu shook his head. “There’s no chance of them becoming a Regis Godfiend.”

Regis Godfiends typically could become Marquis Godfiends in their thirties. The late-bloomers had to become Marquis Godfiends by their forties.

“Right now, among our Archean Mountain’s younger generation, there are also quite a few people with potential. For example, Xue Feng, Meng Chuan, and Yan Chitong. They have a chance of becoming a Regis Godfiend. I believe they can become Marquis Godfiends in their thirties or forties,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

“Xue Feng is already 41 years old, and he hasn’t condensed his Essence Soul yet,” said Qin Wu. “He’s still a little slow.”

These were the three most dazzling Archean Mountain disciples in the past twenty years.

...

Eastcalm Prefecture, Peace County City.

Beacon smoke billowed as many places in the county city were destroyed. Two demon monarchs wantonly caused destruction and slaughtered mortals.

Moments later, a bird—carrying four Godfiends on its back—arrived at Peace County.

“It’s the snow demon brothers.” The four Great Solar Godfiends immediately recognized the demon monarchs attacking Peace County City. They had obtained intelligence on many demon monarchs after three years.

“Attack.”

“Don’t let them escape.”

The four Great Solar Godfiends jumped down from the bird’s back and charged towards the two demon monarchs.

The two snowy-furred demon monarchs raised their heads and watched the Godfiends descend. They couldn’t help but laugh ferociously. Five powerful demonic auras suddenly erupted from other areas in the county city as five more demon monarchs appeared. The leader was an eagle demon monarch.

“Not good. It’s a trap.” The four Great Solar Godfiends’ expressions changed. However, the five demon monarchs surrounded them quickly. Together with the snow demon brothers, a total of seven demon monarchs encircled them.

Although the eagle demon monarch didn’t have any divine powers, he had reached the Realm of Dao. He was extremely powerful. Even the bird in the sky didn’t hesitate to retreat when it saw this. It was no longer safe here. It was far weaker than the eagle demon monarch.

“Hold on, everyone,” said the Godfiend leader, Lu Fang, through a voice transmission. “If we stall for time, these demon monarchs will take the initiative to retreat. They won’t dare to pester us for too long.”

“They will definitely retreat in about ten minutes.”

“Hold on, everyone.”

The four Great Solar Godfiends requested for help as they fought the demon monarchs calmly. They were used to such fights after three years. Once they were at a disadvantage, all they needed to do was stall for time. The demons would flee after some time because they might be wiped out by powerful reinforcements if they didn’t escape.

“Come on, come on.”

“Let’s hope the rescue team arrives as soon as possible.”

Inside a tea house a few kilometers away, a gray-robed man watched from afar. A face appeared beneath his hood. It was Demon Monarch Fu Jiao. He murmured, “Let a powerful rescue team come. I’ve been holding back for more than two years. I naturally have to kill some powerful Godfiends now that I’m taking action.”

Demon Monarch Fu Jiao restrained his aura completely.

In fact, killing the four Great Solar Godfiends wouldn’t be too bad either. But having waited for so long, he wanted to catch a big fish! He earned a lot more credit killing Great Solar Godfiends—who were as strong as weak Marquis Godfiends—and geniuses that had a chance of becoming Marquis Godfiends.

...

Outside Gu Mountain Prefecture City, in the mountains.

Meng Chuan and his wife were cultivating as usual. Meng Chuan stood under a tree with his saber.

With a thought, countless leaves rustled and fell.

Meng Chuan swung his saber. Saber beams flashed with lightning, causing his surroundings to become blurry. It was difficult to tell how many strikes he had executed.

The leaves landed on the ground. Over a hundred leaves were split in two, though many were still intact.

If I can make a breakthrough in saber realm, I’ll be able to slice all these leaves in two. When will I reach the Saber Dao realm? Meng Chuan frowned. Many people like his Senior Sister Xiao Yunyue and Senior Brother Xue Feng had already reached the Realm of Dao. They were unable to become Marquis Godfiends due to lacking an Essence Soul.

Meng Chuan only had one more thing he had to achieve—Saber Dao. Once he broke through, he would become a Marquis Godfiend.

I’ve been down the mountain for more than six years. I’ve also accepted the Heart Intent Saber Art’s intent guidance, so why can’t I comprehend Saber Dao? Meng Chuan wondered what he was lacking.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue suddenly felt their chests heat up.

The two took out their Patroller tokens. Ever since Meng Chuan’s strength increased tremendously and easily killed all the demon monarchs in two consecutive missions, Archean Mountain gave him missions with increased frequency. On average, the two would be deployed once every half-month! After all, Meng Chuan and his wife were extremely fast. They were very suitable for rescuing others just because of their speed. Time was most important when it came to rescuing others!

“Eastcalm Prefecture’s Peace County?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue exchanged glances. Eastcalm Prefecture was their hometown.

“Let’s go.” Without any hesitation, Meng Chuan brought Qiyue with him and reached maximum speed in seconds. He transformed into a bolt of lightning and headed straight for Eastcalm Prefecture’s Peace County.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210 - Fates Grace
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The distance between Gu Mountain Prefecture City and Eastcalm Prefecture’s Peace County City was 315 kilometers. Meng Chuan and his wife crossed mountains and rivers as they traveled in a straight line. In less than five minutes, they saw Peace County City.

Occasional raindrops fell from the gloomy sky as the wind blew.

Mmm? Meng Chuan immediately saw a battle occurring in the distant county city. Many areas had been reduced rubbles, leaving only the demon monarchs and Godfiends fighting in the city visible. The mortals were probably hiding in the tunnels and praying.

“Seven demon monarchs?” Meng Chuan sent a voice transmission to Liu Qiyue. “Do it like we always do.”

“Be careful,” said Liu Qiyue as usual.

“Don’t worry. I’ll kill these seven demon monarchs within ten strikes.” Filled with confidence, Meng Chuan rushed towards the battlefield.

A pair of flaming wings formed on Liu Qiyue’s back. After flying forward, she hovered in the air—roughly one kilometer away from the battlefield. She held her bow in one hand as she grabbed an arrow with her other hand. She looked down at the battlefield, prepared to help Meng Chuan at any moment.

Liu Qiyue had her reasons for staying more than one kilometer away from the battlefield. Zhang Yunfeng’s white domain and a second-level Essence Soul’s perception range was roughly a kilometer! Meng Chuan’s Soul-Vanquishing Spike only had an effective range slightly over half a kilometer (approximately 2,000 feet). Therefore maintaining a distance of one kilometer from the battlefield was extremely important. Even Marquis Godfiends and fourth Firmament demon monarchs’ attacking range couldn’t exceed a kilometer. Great Solar Godfiend sharpshooters instinctively stayed at least one kilometer away from the enemy.

Meng Chuan rushed towards the battlefield as a bolt of lightning. Liu Qiyue—who had flame wings spread out behind her—was very eye-catching. The four Godfiends who were surrounded raised their heads. They were delighted to see what they had been hoping for.

“It’s Senior Brother Meng.”

“Senior Brother Meng and Senior Sister Liu are here!”

“Senior Brother Meng indeed has a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body! It only took him about five minutes to arrive.”

Lu Fang and company were delighted by their prompt arrival.

...

It’s them? In the tea house a few kilometers away from the battlefield, the gray-robed Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao disbelievingly looked at Meng Chuan—who had swooped down—and Liu Qiyue as she spread her wings!

Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan? Fu Jiao found it unbelievable that these two big fish had arrived in front of him. He had been waiting to kill a big fish for a very long time. However, seeing Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan was completely beyond his expectations. Archean Mountain had over a hundred powerful Great Solar Godfiends form teams. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were one team.

Most Godfiends were similar to Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang. They were very strong, but they were very old. It was very difficult for most Godfiends to reach the Realm of Dao before the age of 50. Most would reach the Realm of Dao by the time they’re 150 years old. Thus, the vast majority of Archean Mountain’s stronger Great Solar Godfiends were much older. Very few were young geniuses.

However, even geniuses had different levels of talent. For geniuses like Meng Chuan, Xue Feng, and Yan Chitong, they were destined to become Marquis Godfiends due to their youth and strength. They had a chance of becoming Regis Godfiends, making them greatly valued by Archean Mountain. Liu Qiyue was slightly weaker than them. She could definitely become a Marquis with the aid of her phoenix bloodline, but the chances of her becoming a Regis Godfiend were slim. However, her bloodline could be inherited, so she was still very important to the human race.

I actually encountered two of the humans’ most illustrious genius youths—Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue? Haha, these two large fishes really landed in my lap. They are fat and tender. If I kill them, Archean Mountain will probably go crazy from anger. The credit I gain from killing them is almost comparable to killing two Marquis Godfiends. Fu JIao was very excited. Don’t be anxious. Don’t panic. Fu Jiao quickly calmed himself down. If I’m too excited and allow them to escape, I’ll regret it for my entire life.

At the same time, Fu Jiao quickly pondered on how he should deal with Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. Meng Chuan is extremely fast. He is definitely as fast as a Regis Godfiend. If I alarm him, he will immediately escape with Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue has the Phoenix Divine Body, allowing her to use Phoenix’s Nirvana.

Fu Jiao’s eyes narrowed. Their statuses are extraordinary. Archean Mountain might’ve given them protective treasures. It’s impossible to be 100% confident in everything. An 80-90% chance of killing them is enough.

Fu Jiao silently left the tea house. He walked along the streets as a phantom, rapidly approaching Meng Chuan.

He restrained his aura as he manipulated the light waves, making him invisible to the naked eye.

He approached the battlefield as it rained.

I have to be closer. If I fail my attack because I attacked from a distance, Meng Chuan will flee. I have to be careful. A close-range attack is stronger anyway, so I have a chance of killing him in one strike. Even if I fail, I can follow it up with a few more killer moves. My killer move has to kill Meng Chuan in the blink of an eye! Once Meng Chuan dies, Liu Qiyue—the only sharpshooter—will be unable to do anything since she is far weaker than me. She can’t escape from me if Meng Chuan dies. Even if she uses Phoenix’s Nirvana, I will still kill her given enough time.

Fu Jiao planned his attack meticulously.

Whoosh~

The rain intensified as the wind blew.

After Meng Chuan landed, the seven demon monarchs fled in panic.

The gray-robed Fu Jiao silently approached the battlefield as it rained. He didn’t care about the seven demon monarchs at all. In fact, nobody knew that he was here. He only took action once every few years. He chose a random battlefield to ambush each time. Even his subordinates didn’t know that he was at a battlefield so that he couldn’t be betrayed.

If it were a Marquis Godfiend that came, Fu Jiao would retreat silently. However, this time, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were the reinforcements. Fu Jiao believed that this was a gift from the heavens.

The credit obtained from killing them is enough for five Poison Dragon Pills . The corners of Fu Jiao’s mouth curled upwards. He had originally planned on lurking in the human world for 100 years. He had thought it would take that long until he accumulated enough credit for five Poison Dragon Pills, but to his surprise, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had appeared near him.

Perhaps they would become very strong in the future, but they were only Great Solar Godfiends now.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

Meng Chuan was as fast as lightning as he killed the demon monarchs with his saber. The seven demon monarchs fled in panic. The four-man Godfiend team also helped Meng Chuan intercept the demon monarch demons.

Whoosh.

Fu Jiao silently approached, closing the gap from one kilometer to half a kilometer. He was quite fast as well. With a whoosh, he traversed 1000 feet. When he was 300 feet away from Meng Chuan, Fu Jiao blinked his eyes under his gray hood.

Swoosh!

Two golden beams shot out from his pupils. Fu Jiao didn’t even bother concealing the two golden beams as they shot out. The golden beams flew towards Meng Chuan at terrifying speeds.

Pfft. Meng Chuan killed six demon monarchs while the seventh demon monarch was jointly killed by the four-man Godfiend team.

Just as Meng Chuan smiled, his heart suddenly trembled. This was because he sensed a person charging into his 500-foot-wide Essence Soul perception domain. Meng Chuan could clearly see the gray-robed person’s appearance. Beneath the hood was a single-horned head. Its face and skin were covered in wrinkles. It wasn’t a human but a demon.

I can sense auras within 2.5 kilometers of me with my Essence Soul, but I failed to sense its aura. Meng Chuan jolted in realization. It’s a fourth Firmament demon monarch.

...

The moment the two golden beams appeared—a divine power—they streaked across a distance of 300 feet. This shocked many people.

“What?” The four nearby Godfiends watched as two golden beams—which had suddenly appeared—flew towards Meng Chuan.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue—who had been relaxing and putting away her bow and arrow—had a drastic change in expression.

Under their watch, Meng Chuan instantly drew his saber. He swung his saber, and red lotus petal-like saber beams bloomed.

Clang! Clang!

Meng Chuan blocked the two golden beams completely with Demon Slayer, causing crisp clanging sounds.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211 - Forced Clash!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan was very calm since he had discovered Fu Jiao immediately when he was within 500 feet of him. Since he was mentally prepared, he naturally wouldn’t be caught off-guard the attack.

He could clearly see that the two golden beams were like two golden blades. They were incomparably sharp, fast, and agile. They moved exquisitely through Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul perception domain and attacked him.

Meng Chuan was most skilled in terms of speed and agility. After fusing the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence, his speed and agility increased to unimaginable levels. He executed the Heart Intent Saber’s Red Lotus Stance twice, and the saber beams blocked the two golden beams. It was as if two red lotuses bloomed when the golden beams struck the saber beams.

The two golden beams trembled at the moment of impact. They showed signs of dissipating but suddenly turned fully corporeal again. Then, the two golden beams arced around Meng Chuan and continued attacking Meng Chuan.

Oh? Meng Chuan’s attention was no longer on the golden beams. The golden beams were fast, agile, and sharp, but Meng Chuan completely suppressed them. His focus was now on the fourth Firmament demon monarch.

Clang!

The greater demon monarch’s gray robe tore apart as he grew larger. He was now 30 feet tall and wielded a thick black spear. Originally, this black spear wasn’t very large, but after the greater demon monarch held it in his grasp, it rapidly grew in size until it was 50 feet long.

“Die.” A cold glint flashed in Fu Jiao’s eyes. He released a forbidden spell and charged towards Meng Chuan with a single step. The spear in his hand was aimed at Meng Chuan’s head, seeking to impale him.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan didn’t hesitate to cast a forbidden Godfiend spell when facing the demon monarch. He quickly dodged the attack as a blurry bolt of light with his movement technique.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

The enormous Fu Jiao charged forward. He repeatedly thrust the even longer black spear at Meng Chuan. He specialized in pure physical strength, and he had reached the Realm of Dao with his mystical spear arts. When his spear art was unleashed, Fu Jiao was both strong and skilled!

Meng Chuan felt the world in front of him explode with a loud bang. Every time Fu Jiao thrust his spear, the void would explode and form a vortex. The vortex’s terrifying strength affected Meng Chuan’s movements.

The surrounding area erupted in a series of explosions. Almost a quarter-kilometer stretch of buildings was destroyed. The trees exploded, and the houses were leveled. The river water swirled and mixed with the rain. The four Great Solar Godfiends in the distance fled in horror after this display of might.

“Escape! Escape! Escape!”

“Run!”

“Request reinforcements for Senior Brother Meng!”

“Let’s flee further away. If we stay here, we’ll just be sending ourselves to our deaths. We’re only burdening Senior Brother Meng.”

Lu Fang and the other Godfiends requested for help as they frantically fled from the battlefield. They were certain that Meng Chuan was fighting a fourth Firmament demon monarch. They knew that they were unable to withstand a single strike from the demon monarch even if they worked together. The fourth Firmament demon monarch was simply too powerful for them. Most Great Solar Godfiends weren’t capable of fighting a fourth Firmament demon monarch alone.

Meng Chuan had only killed a fourth Firmament Skydemon because he had worked together with Zhang Yunfeng and Yang Fang.

Oh? All of Fu Jiao’s swift, ferocious attacks missed even though he had already cast a forbidden spell. He couldn’t hit Meng Chuan at all.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

As Meng Chuan dodged the spear, he slashed at Fu Jiao. Fu Jiao’s two golden beams blocked Meng Chuan’s attack somewhat, but his saber arts were too bizarre. It still managed to strike Fu Jiao’s back. It barely left a mark on Fu Jiao’s scales, but the Yin-Yang destruction force penetrated his body.

Boom!

A strange force exploded within Fu Jiao’s body.

Heart Intent Saber—Heart Saber Stance!

Fu Jiao’s body quaked, causing him to taste blood. However, since his body was very resilient both on the inside and outside, he was able to withstand the strike without dying.

A Great Solar Godfiend can actually injure me? Fu Jiao was alarmed.

This demon monarch is extremely powerful. Its scales are very tough, but that was expected. However, I didn’t think that its organs would be so resilient. Its body is strong on both the inside and outside. Meng Chuan learned something from the attack. The Heart Saber Stance isn’t suitable for this fight.

The two sides clashed constantly.

Fu Jiao looked savage and powerful as he turned the surrounding quarter-kilometer area into ruins. However, he failed to touch Meng Chuan a single time! Instead, Meng Chuan had landed a blow on him.

Although my Diamond Body isn’t bad, it’s far inferior to the body of a fourth Firmament demon monarch! It’s best not to be stabbed by his spear. Meng Chuan understood that his body was weaker than that of the demon monarch.

...

“Qiyue, don’t worry. This demon monarch can’t do anything to me. I’ll see if I can kill him.” Meng Chuan sent a voice to the mid-air Liu Qiyue. It consumed very little of his Power of Essence Soul reserves. Now that he had a third-level Essence Soul, he could send voice transmissions up to 2.5 kilometers away.

Liu Qiyue nervously watched as she maintained her pair of flame wings. He wants to kill the greater demon monarch?

“Remember, stay at least 1.5 kilometers from the battlefield. Don’t make me worry,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission.

Liu Qiyue immediately flew further away, staying 1.5 kilometers away from the battlefield.

Ah Chuan is confident in dealing with a fourth Firmament demon monarch? Liu Qiyue found it unbelievable. However, she knew from her childhood memories that Meng Chuan was definitely not one to boast.

...

Even after casting a forbidden spell and using his divine power, Fu Jiao was unable to gain an advantage over Meng Chuan. This left him astounded.

I have to be fast! Meng Chuan can flee at any moment. Fu Jiao grunted angrily, causing two yellow streams of gas to spew out from his thick nostrils. As a fourth Firmament demon monarch, it had two divine powers. One divine power was the Golden Beam Slayer. These golden beams could move and attack enemies within a kilometer with great agility! The golden beams were fast and agile; it was also as strong as a weak Marquis Godfiend. It was a rather powerful long-range attack.

His second divine power was Corrosive Aura—a famous divine power in the Demon Realm. His lineage typically focused on cultivating this divine power because it was extremely powerful. It was known for being capable of corroding anything. Even divine armaments could be corroded and destroyed. Of course, Fu Jiao had no right to say that his Corrosive Aura could corrode everything. However, demon monarchs at the same cultivation couldn’t withstand its corrosive powers.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Two yellow streams of gas spewed out from Fu Jiao’s nostrils.

Meng Chuan didn’t want the yellow gas to touch him. His opponent’s attacks were already furious, so it would be troublesome if he got stabbed. Thus, he also executed a killer move.

Go, Soul-Vanquishing Spike! With a thought, Meng Chuan’s Soul-Vanquishing Spike—which had been nurtured by his Essence Soul—shot out from his body.

The Soul-Vanquishing Spike was invisible to the naked eye and normal perception means. One couldn’t block the Soul-Vanquishing Spike with their bodies, Quintessential Essence, or demonic powers. Furthermore, its speed far exceeded Fu Jiao’s two divine powers’ speed. It instantly invaded Fu Jiao’s body and located his Essence Soul. Fu Jiao’s tiny Essence Soul—which was identical in appearance to himself—remained in his sea of consciousness.

Pfft.

The moment the Soul-Vanquishing Spike entered Fu Jiao’s sea of consciousness, it shocked his Essence Soul. Following that, the Soul-Vanquishing Spike pierced his Essence Soul.

“Ahhh!!!” The inexplicable pain caused Fu Jiao to hold his head with one hand as he let out a low howl. The two golden beams—that he had previously controlled—dissipated. He also lost control of the two wisps of Corrosive Aura. They floated in front of him, obliterating anything in their way. However, without Fu Jiao’s control, they simply wafted forward at a slow speed. They naturally couldn’t harm Meng Chuan at all.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

Meng Chuan controlled the Soul-Vanquishing Spike to stab the other party’s Essence Soul repeatedly and ferociously. At the same time, he charged forward and slashed at Fu Jiao’s neck with a saber beam.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212 - Pursuit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fu Jiao suffered a splitting headache. After the Soul-Vanquishing Spike stabbed Fu Jiao’s Essence Soul, his consciousness rumbled, causing his perception of his surroundings to blur. However, no matter how blurry his vision was, he could still understand the current situation around him. He saw Meng Chuan charging forward and delivering a strike.

“Scram!” Fu Jiao was in excruciating pain. He grabbed the black spear with one hand and swept it over. With a terrifying spear sweep, the void exploded, and an area was reduced to rubble. Meng Chuan phased to the left of Fu Jiao and continued sending his vicious saber strike at Fu Jiao’s neck.

Fu Jiao’s perception of his surroundings was blurry, making it difficult for him to discern Meng Chuan’s strike. All he could do was charge forward with his head lowered, allowing the attack to strike his back.

Heart Intent Saber—Tiger Roar Stance!

Boom!

Meng Chuan’s strike was ferocious and violent. However, Fu Jiao’s body withstood the strike like a mountain. Many scales on his body exploded as a bloody gash appeared. One could barely see Fu Jiao’s muscles through the lacerated skin, but the wound immediately healed.

What a powerful body. Meng Chuan was alarmed.

Essence Soul mystic technique—Soul-Vanquishing Spike. How can Meng Chuan use the Soul-Vanquishing Spike? Fu Jiao fled frantically after suffering the saber strike; he found Meng Chuan’s usage of the Soul-Vanquishing Spike unbelievable.

“Do you think you can escape?” Meng Chuan caught up to Fu Jiao in a flash with his astonishing speed.

As Fu Jiao fled like a beast, he looked up and saw a human woman with flame wings in the sky—Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue is Meng Chuan’s weakness! Two golden beams shot out from Fu Jiao’s eyes after blinking. However, Meng Chuan’s Soul-Vanquishing Spike immediately pierced Fu Jiao’s Essence Soul again, causing his consciousness to blur from the pain.

The two golden beams dissipated.

Forget it. I can’t use any divine powers at all since Meng Chuan can control the Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Meng Chuan can hold me back with his speed. I’m unable to approach Liu Qiyue at all. Despite facing this dire situation with blurry senses, he still understood what he couldn’t do. Therefore, he swept his black spear around as he fled.

Although his Essence Soul was heavily injured and had a blurry perception of his surroundings, he could still maintain basic reasoning. However, he couldn’t execute any mystical moves at all; he could only attack clumsily. Fortunately, his body was very strong; thus, this random sweep still possessed plenty of strength—roughly 30-40% of his full strength.

However, this attack wasn’t able to stop Meng Chuan—who had extraordinary movement techniques.

Shriek! An ear-piercing screech accompanied the spear.

Meng Chuan’s saber art was bizarre and unpredictable. Fu Jiao roared angrily as he brandished his black spear with all his might. “Scram!” shouted Fu Jiao.

However, Meng Chuan’s saber moved unpredictably. Although Fu Jiao’s spear sweep covered a large area, it failed to touch Meng Chuan’s saber.

Fu Jiao suddenly rolled, and Demon Slayer stabbed into Fu Jiao’s back.

Pfft.

After creating a bloody hole, the saber plunged in halfway. A saber beam blasted through Fu Jiao’s body as blood splattered from the wound.

Fu Jiao convulsed slightly. However, the stocky, thirty-foot-tall Fu Jiao continued running with all his might despite being injured by the saber.

Its body is extremely tough, both internally and externally. Only Dragon Roar Stance can injure it severely. Meng Chuan realized what he had to do as he pursued Fu Jiao.

Meng Chuan formed a series of phantom images; they executed the Dragon Roar Stance repeatedly in an attempt to pierce Fu Jiao’s head.

Fu Jiao also knew that his head was a vital point, so he brandished his spear to protect his head. He also lowered his head while fleeing.

Boom!

Still casting a forbidden spell, Fu Jiao barged forward with his spear. His strike shattered all the buildings, trees, and rockery in his way. However, his injuries worsened. After fleeing for about three kilometers, he charged through a thick city wall and rushed into the wilderness.

He had already been pierced five times by Meng Chuan’s Dragon Roar Stance. Even his heart had been pierced once, causing it to shatter. Although Meng Chuan’s attacks aggravated Fu Jiao’s injuries, only his head remained a vital point after cultivating his body to this stage. He had no other vital points in his body; regrowing a destroyed heart would just take him time.

It’s wrong! All wrong! Our demons’ intelligence is ridiculously wrong. They say that the three Archean Mountain genius youths are on par with each other. However, Meng Chuan is much stronger than Xue Feng and Yan Chitong! His Essence Soul is what makes him monstrously powerful.

Meng Chuan’s talent in Essence Soul cultivation has to be in the top ten in human history. He’s a Great Solar Godfiend with a third-level Essence Soul at the age of 36!

Fu Jiao knew that he had discovered a huge secret.

Meng Chuan had obtained a third-level Essence Soul at the Great Solar realm. What would happen when he became a Marquis Godfiend? What realm could Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul reach when he’s a Regis Godfiend?

In fact, when Meng Chuan attained a second-level Essence Soul a few years ago, Supremacies Qin Wu and Luo Tang made an exception and allowed Meng Chuan to enter Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven! The duo held great expectations for Meng Chuan’s talent for cultivating the Essence Soul. It would be a pleasant surprise for Supremacies Qin Wu and Luo Tang when they discovered that he had attained a third Essence Soul in just a few years.

It will be a great contribution as long as I survive and report this information to the higher-ups. The rewards bestowed will probably be in no way inferior to what I gain from killing two Marquis Godfiends. Fu Jiao was very confident that the Demon Realm’s upper echelons would reward him greatly once he reported this information.

Meng Chuan—who had been chasing after him all this while—attacked again. He stabbed his cold saber into Fu Jiao’s neck. Fu Jiao’s neck was about three-foot-thick. Meng Chuan’s strike tore through the scales and thick layers shielding Fu Jiao’s neck. This attack damaged Fu Jiao’s neck severely.

Fu Jiao gasped in pain. As long as he stabs my head, I’m dead. I don’t have the strength to block his attacks anymore.

As Fu Jiao looked at the vast wilderness, he suddenly dived underground. His surging demonic energy tore through the soil and rocks as he rapidly descended.

Boom—

Rocks and earth exploded as a saber beam erupted from one of Meng Chuan’s phantoms. His true body rapidly approached Fu Jiao.

Meng Chuan sensed that Fu Jiao’s strength was decreasing due to his injuries. I’ll definitely kill it within ten strikes.

With another thought, the Soul-Vanquishing Spike stabbed Fu Jiao’s Essence Soul once again. The God Vanquishing Strike was the strongest mystic technique of a third-level Essence Soul.

According to the manuals of Essence Soul mystic techniques, death was almost certain when one faced the Soul-Vanquishing Spike without an Essence Soul. Only those with extraordinary willpower could reform their consciousness after it was stabbed, keeping them alive.

A first-level Essence Soul would be heavily injured when pierced by a Soul-Vanquishing Spike. One’s consciousness would be a blur, and they could only muster simple thoughts. As for exquisite moves? There was no way they could execute them at all. They could only attack clumsily.

When a Soul-Vanquishing Spike pierced a second-level Essence Soul, the Essence Soul would be slightly damaged and slightly affected.

Fu Jiao could only attack clumsily; thus, his overall strength was greatly reduced.

Pfft.

Fu Jiao’s head managed to dodge another terrifying strike. The saber ended up piercing his right shoulder, boring a deep bloody hole through it.

Fu Jiao’s right arm strength was immediately reduced by 50 percent. The many injuries on Fu Jiao’s bodies—as well as the damage to his organs and heart—meant that the strength he could unleash had decreased greatly. This allowed Meng Chuan to follow Fu Jiao easily and attack him again and again.

From the looks of it, I can’t escape this time. Even with his tenacious vitality, Fu Jiao felt despair. He couldn’t see any hope of survival.

...

Swoosh.

A black beam of light flew at high speeds through the clouds. A black-haired elder was within the black beam of light. He was Archean Mountain’s Regis Godfiend, King Luyue. He was the supreme leader of Yue State’s numerous clans. Normally, he guarded Luo Tang Pass.

Supremacy Luo Tang and two Regis Godfiends guarded Luo Tang Pass—a major city pass. Luo Tang Pass neighbored the Wu State and Qian State.

Quick, quick, quick. King Luyue—who was about 300 years old—was extremely anxious. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are in danger. I have to arrive as soon as possible.

As an older Godfiend, he placed great importance on the sect’s genius disciples.

I still have 150 kilometers to go. Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, both of you have to hold on. King Luyue rushed towards Eastcalm Prefecture’s Peace County City at full speed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213 - Demon Slayers Transformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Swoosh! Swoosh!

Fu Jiao struggled to burrow deeper into the ground. He forged ahead while Meng Chuan easily followed behind. He knew it was impossible to escape. Furthermore, he could feel his prided body weakening.

The demons still don’t know the truth about Meng Chuan. His famous speed is secondary to his Essence Soul. His Essence Soul is what makes him so powerful. Fu Jiao felt depressed. I’m the only demon who has discovered this secret. Unfortunately, I’m about to die.

His body rapidly weakened; he found it increasingly difficult to block Meng Chuan’s saber moves.

Meng Chuan’s saber moved in an ethereal manner. The Soul-Vanquishing Spike heavily injured Fu Jiao’s Essence Soul continuously, making his perception of his surroundings very blurry. He found it difficult to see the saber beam clearly.

Boom!

With a terrifying penetrative force, the saber stabbed into Fu Jiao’s head from the side. Demon Slayer stabbed two feet deep into Fu Jiao’s head as the saber beam obliterated the insides of his head completely.

Fu Jiao felt his consciousness hum as his weak Essence Soul lost support from his physical body and dissipated.

I really got killed by a Great Solar Godfiend. Fu Jiao’s consciousness fell into darkness.

Deep underground, Meng Chuan heaved a sigh of relief after finally killing the 30-foot-tall Fu Jiao. It really isn’t easy killing a fourth Firmament demon monarch. Meng Chuan secretly sighed. From beginning to end, he had been using a forbidden Godfiend spell and had fused the Power of Essence Soul with his Quintessential Essence. He didn’t fuse the Power of Essence Soul with his body as well as his Quintessential Essence because his strength would only increase by 50% even if he did so.

He could only deliver ten strikes with maximum power, and Meng Chuan didn’t have the confidence to kill the tenacious Fu Jiao within ten strikes. Thus, he fused the Power of Essence Soul with only his Quintessential Essence, allowing him to execute up to 80 attacks!

Even if he hadn’t killed his opponent in 80 moves, he believed that a powerful Godfien would’ve arrived by then. In the end, he used up almost half of his Power of Essence Souls reserves before killing Fu Jiao.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Lifeblood gushed out from Fu Jiao’s corpse as it surged towards Demon Slayer. Demon Slayer devoured the blood greedily.

Oh? Meng Chuan was astonished by how long it was taking Demon Slayer to devour Fu Jiao’s body. It hadn’t taken Demon Slayer very long to absorb Blackwater Palace Lord and several other demon monarchs with divine powers, so why did it take so long this time?

It took Demon Slayer nearly ten times longer to devour Fu Jiao than Blackwater Palace Lord. After Demon Slayer devoured Fu Jiao’s body completely, the corpse turned to dust. Even Fu Jiao’s scales and bones were reduced to dust. Only Fu Jiao’s single horn remained intact together with the black spear and several other objects.

Demon Slayer had been starving for many years. This time, it had finally eaten its fill. The saber glowed purple as it emitted an oppressive aura.

The might of Demon Slayer seems to be much greater? Meng Chuan could sense the changes in Demon Slayer. According to Archean Mountain’s records, the saber is an evil divine armament. However, it has weakened after extended periods of not absorbing lifeblood. Demon Slayer’s strength will recover when it absorbs enough lifeblood and sin.

Since his Essence Soul reached the third level, Meng Chuan was confident that he could control the evil weapon.

In fact, Demon Slayer would become uncontrollable for even Marquis Godfiends if the divine armament absorbed too much lifeblood and sin. However, Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul was very strong, so the demonic, evil Demon Slayer couldn’t budge him.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Meng Chuan casually swung his saber. He felt as though the saber could even slice through the void—it was sharper and had higher destructive capabilities.

If I were to deal with Fu Jiao now, I wouldn’t need so many attacks. Meng Chuan was secretly delighted.

Fu Jiao’s lifeblood was very potent. Fu Jiao’s body was considered strong amongst his peers. As for Blackwater Palace Lord’s lifeblood? It was far inferior in comparison. Blackwater Palace Lord’s lifeblood was 10% as potent as Fu Jiao’s lifeblood. It was only thanks to his Greater Mastery of the Realm of Dao that he had the strength of a Marquis Godfiend. Blackwater Palace Lord’s body was ordinary.

The Skydemon cultivation system is indeed much weaker than the human Godfiend cultivation system and the demon monarch cultivation system. Meng Chuan immediately packed up the items left behind by Fu Jiao and quickly discovered a cloth sack. These artifacts...

Meng Chuan quickly checked the insides of the cloth sack and realized that it had an inner space about the size of a house. What a huge space. It’s twice the size of the one I gave Qiyue.

The sack had many items inside.

Unbeknownst to Meng Chuan, many third Firmament demon monarchs in the Demon Realm could reach the fourth Firmament any time they wanted. However, not many were willing to go to the human world and hide in fear all day. Therefore, the demons’ upper echelons used treasures to tempt these demon monarchs into entering the human world. This attracted nearly 40 such demon monarchs to enter the human world. However, the moment they entered the human world, Godfiends immediately attacked them. Only 27 of these demon monarchs infiltrated the human world successfully.

Fu Jiao was one of those 27 demons. With the treasures given by the demons, his wealth was far beyond what Demon Monarch White Fox could compare with.

This spear has become smaller? Meng Chuan realized that the black spear—that had originally been 50 feet long—was now only 10 feet long. He picked it up and threw it into the sack. The other items—including Fu Jiao’s horn—were also placed inside the sack.

He would examine the items in the sack after he returned home. He currently had to rendezvous with Liu Qiyue.

As he tied the cloth sack to his waist, Quintessential Essence threads immediately flew out from around him. They quickly separated the soil as he flew up. Although he was not as skilled as those who were skilled in traveling through the earth, he quickly reached the surface.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan raised his head and saw his wife—who was still afloat due to the flame wings behind her. He waved his hand and said, “Come here.”

Ah Chuan. Liu Qiyue immediately dived down.

“How did your pursuit of that greater demon monarch go?” asked Liu Qiyue immediately as she looked at Meng Chuan’s empty hand.

“I killed him,” said Meng Chuan.

“Killed?” Although Liu Qiyue had some guesses, his words still stirred up endless waves in her heart.

Meng Chuan took out the cloth sack and said, “This is also a storage bag. It can hold slightly more than yours. The spoils of war are also inside.”

“It has been less than ten years since you left the mountain, yet you can kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch in a one-on-one battle now.” Liu Qiyue gently stroked her baby bump. “Isn’t your father amazing? He killed a fourth Firmament demon monarch at the Great Solar realm.”

Meng Chuan also laughed happily. Meng Chuan had vowed to become even stronger ever since his wife had become pregnant. He wanted to protect his wife and children in this chaotic world.

Although Meng Chuan had killed a fourth Firmament demon monarch, he didn’t let it get to his head. He knew that most of the fourth Firmament demon monarchs had only broken through after entering the human world. They were mostly new-ly advanced fourth Firmament demon monarchs.

...

Swoosh.

A black beam of light appeared above Peace County City. Inside the light was none other than King Luyue—who had rushed over from Luo Tang Pass at full speed.

King Luyue looked down. The battle had affected the entire county city; one could see many ruined places. After all, this city had been host to battles between demon monarchs and Godfiends. The intense battle between Meng Chuan and Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao left ruins in their wake. Wherever Fu Jiao had passed, one could only see destruction. Even the city walls had huge holes.

Where are they? Where’s Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue? King Luyue panicked. Am I too late? He immediately flipped his hand and took out his Patroller token. With the help of the token, he located Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Thankfully, they are still alive. King Luyue felt relieved. With a thought, black ripples spread out in all directions. In the blink of an eye, they traveled 50 kilometers. These black ripples naturally reached Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue—who were both 15 kilometers away.

“There.” King Luyue instantly vanished in midair.

...

When Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue sensed the black ripples, they revealed smiles because they could sense the Godfiend Quintessential Essence within the black ripples.

Whoosh. King Luyue landed on the ground in front of Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

“Greetings, Uncle-Master.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue bowed respectfully.

“Mmm.” The black-haired elder smiled and nodded, but his gaze towards Meng Chuan changed. He couldn’t help but ask, “Did you kill that fourth Firmament demon monarch?”

Meng Chuan was surprised that his Uncle-Master knew at a glance. He nodded. “Yes, I got lucky and killed him.”

“How is that possible? How old are you?” The black-haired elder found it unbelievable. He immediately said, “You have to keep this matter a secret. Without Archean Mountain’s permission, the two of you are definitely not to spread this news.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

“How did you kill him?” asked the black-haired elder. He was a Regis Godfiend and had an Seamless domain. He could discover many things that other people couldn’t discover. However, he was still shocked that a Great Solar Godfiend—who was in his thirties—could kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214 - Only One Possibility
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“How did I kill it? Well...” Meng Chuan wore a look of hesitation.

King Luyue came to a realization. He smiled and said, “I understand. There’s no need to mention it if it is related to the sect’s secrets.” He obviously knew that as the most ancient sect in the world, Archean Mountain had many secrets. The sect kept the matter of a disciple’s obtaining of benefits a secret. It had been like this for generations. Therefore, it was difficult for other factions like Black Sand Grotto-Heaven to figure out Archean Mountain’s true strength.

“Thank you for your understanding, Uncle-Master.” Meng Chuan bowed in thanks.

“Regardless, killing a fourth Firmament demon monarch is a testament of your abilities,” said King Luyue in approval. “By the way, things left behind by fourth Firmament demon monarchs, including their corpses, are all good stuff. You can’t make use of most of them, but you can exchange them for credit with Archean Mountain.”

Meng Chuan nodded and said, “They are all placed in a storage bag. I’ll exchange them for credit with the sect.”

Some things left behind by demon monarchs weren’t suitable for Godfiends’ direct usage. For example, demon monarch weapons were suitable for use with demonic energy. Due to this, Godfiends couldn’t use these weapons effectively. Most of the weapons were used as raw materials after being thrown into furnaces.

Even pills or treasures used for cultivation were only suitable for demon monarchs; humans couldn’t necessarily use them.

“Haha... You have also obtained a storage bag?” King Luyue laughed. “There are a few powerful demon monarchs who have several stomachs. Some stomachs are about 1000 feet long. When these demon monarchs use divine powers, they can consume an external object directly. After killing them, we can use their stomachs as material for storage bags. Therefore, all fourth Firmament demon monarchs have storage bags. After 800 years of war with the demons, we have obtained quite a number of storage bags.”

As King Luyue spoke, he touched the ordinary-looking yellow cloth bag at his waist and said, “Before we fought the demons, storage bags were legends. Only the Supremacies had storage bags. Now, more than half of Archean Mountain’s Marquis Godfiends have one. For example, although this sack of mine is small, it has a 100-by-100-foot space within.”

“A hundred feet?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were both shocked.

The couple each had a storage bag. However, their storage bags’ spaces were much smaller than King Luyue’s.

“What I’m trying to convey is that a fourth Firmament demon monarch’ body is a treasure.” King Luyue sighed. “They mainly cultivate their bodies, so there’s something magical about every part of their body. Many of their body parts are valuable raw materials for treasure-forging. Some are used for storage, killing enemies, releasing poison, and even affecting spacetime. The more powerful a demon monarch is, the more likely it will be the case. A fourth Firmament demon’s corpse is worth at least a million credits.”

Meng Chuan sighed. Demon Slayer has devoured the demon monarch’s corpse. Perhaps the next instance of me killing a greater demon monarch would result in Demon Slayer devouring the corpse again. The only body part left behind by the demon monarch was its horn. Even Demon Slayer was unable to absorb it. It’s probably worth something.

“The four Godfiends who are responsible for Peace County City don’t know that you managed to kill someone much stronger than you, right?” asked King Luyue.

“They aren’t aware,” said Liu Qiyue. “When they discovered that it was a fourth Firmament demon monarch, the Godfiend team immediately fled. They probably requested for reinforcements. After they left the county city, they continued fleeing, not daring to stay behind to watch the battle. They don’t know the situation between Ah Chuan and the greater demon monarch.”

Their actions were very reasonable. If they stayed behind as spectators, the greater demon monarch would chase after them if it had managed to kill Meng Chuan.

According to Archean Mountain’s orders, Great Solar Godfiends had to escape as quickly as possible when they encountered a fourth Firmament demon monarch.

King Luyue nodded. “If they encounter you and ask about this, tell them that I killed it.”

“Yes,” the two replied.

“This matter has to be kept a secret. If this leaks out, the demons will learn of it,” said King Luyue, “and Meng Chuan would be in big trouble.”

Liu Qiyue looked at her husband solemnly.

“Alright, I still have to go back and report this matter,” said King Luyue with a smile. “Both of you hurry back. I’ll also congratulate the two of you in advance for becoming parents.”

“Thank you, Uncle-Master.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were in a good mood as well. They were also looking forward to the day their child was born.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

King Luyue returned to Luo Tang Pass while the couple returned to Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

...

Luo Tang Pass was the only super large-scale city pass in the Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory. Supremacy Luo Tang and two Regis Godfiends guarded the city pass, making it extremely safe. No demons had ever been able to enter this city. Thus, Luo Tang City gradually became one of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s major cities—comparable to the imperial capital and Archean City.

Swoosh.

King Luyue flew above Luo Tang City.

As a city pass that had successfully fended off the demons for a very long time, Luoyang City was extremely prosperous and wealthy. Many Godfiend family clans sent their family members here to ensure their lineage continued. One could see many large family clans here. Even Regis Godfiend family clans had to keep a low profile here because it was possible to meet the royal family’s descendants and the mysterious Supremacy family clans here.

Whoosh. King Luyue arrived at City Lord Manor—which occupied five kilometers of land. It was the most luxurious place in the city. Countless flowers bloomed here year-round.

No family clan dared to offend City Lord Manor. Anyone with a background knew very well that Supremacy Luo Tang resided in City Lord Manor.

At a lotus garden pavilion in City Lord Manor, a man and a woman sat cross-legged—facing each other—as they played chess.

The woman was dressed in a luxurious white robe with a phoenix design embroidered on it. In front of her was an illusory, long-haired man.

“Check.” Supremacy Luo Tang smiled as she moved her chess piece.

The long-haired man, Supremacy Qin, frowned slightly and made a move.

“Check once more!” Supremacy Luo Tang continued moving her pieces. At the same time, she said confidently, “No matter how you move, it’s checkmate.”

“I admit defeat.” Qin Wu took a glance at the board and threw the chess piece away. He smiled as he looked at the sky.

King Luyue quickly flew over and landed in the pavilion.

“Supremacies.” King Luyue bowed slightly in a respectful manner.

Supremacy Luo Tang glanced at him and frowned slightly. “Did the fourth Firmament demon monarch escape?”

“I was a little late, but the fourth Firmament demon monarch failed to escape. Meng Chuan killed him,” explained King Luyue.

“Oh?” Supremacy Luo Tang and Supremacy Qin Wu were alarmed. Ever since the demons had invaded 800 years ago, they had only allowed five disciples entry to Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven. Meng Chuan was the youngest. They naturally paid close attention to him.

“In a one-on-one battle, he managed to kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch while remaining unharmed,” added King Luyue. “I’ve already instructed Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue to keep this a secret.”

“Good.” Supremacy Luo Tang nodded. “Alright, it’s been hard on you. Go back and rest, King Luyue.”

King Luyue nodded with a smile and left.

Only the illusory Qin Wu and Luo Tang remained in the lotus garden. The two exchanged looks.

“What are your thoughts on Meng Chuan being this strong?” asked Luo Tang. “Even if he has comprehended Saber Dao—which greatly increases his strength—he should only be on par with a newly-advanced fourth Firmament demon monarch at most. It’s impossible for him to kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch without being injured.”

“There’s only one possibility,” said Qin Wu. “Third-level Essence Soul.”

“I remember you mentioning that he had long condensed an Essence Soul when he came to the mountain at the age of 18. He attained a second-level Essence Soul at the age of 29. You think he has obtained a third-level Essence Soul at 36 years of age?” Luo Tang was surprised. “It gets harder for the Essence Soul to break through the higher the level. Isn’t his speed at attaining a third-level Essence Soul too fast? Did you guess wrongly?”

“I can’t think of any other reason for him to be able to kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch without being injured,” said Qin Wu. “I will summon him to the mountain and meet him personally.”

“Yes, there’s a need to meet him personally.” Supremacy Luo Tang said, “It took him more than ten years for his Essence Soul to go from the first level to the second level. However, he attained a third-level Essence Soul in seven years. He managed this feat in such a short time? We have to meet him personally to confirm this.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215 - Returning to Archean Mountain at Night
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Cultivation on the mountain is rather monotonous. He experiences a lot more when he’s not on the mountain. Perhaps it’s a more conducive environment for him to seek answers from his inner self,” said Qin Wu. “Therefore, he attained the third level much faster.”

Luo Tang nodded slightly. “You are right. It looks like he has a high chance of attaining a seventh-level Essence Soul in his life since he’s attained a third-level Essence Soul at the age of 36. If he can really attain a seventh-level Essence Soul, he can split his Essence Soul and guard several regions. He’ll be much more useful to humanity than a Supremacy. For instance, even though we are powerful, we are unable to split ourselves.”

Qin Wu smiled and said, “Don’t count your chickens before they hatch. Him having a third-level Essence Soul is just a conjecture.”

“Regardless, he managed to kill a fourth Firmament demon monarch without being injured. There’s no doubt that he is as strong as a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend,” said Luo Tang. “He’s as fast as Regis Godfiends. Qin Wu, you have to deploy such combat strength well. We’ve been short on manpower recently.”

“Yes.” Qin Wu fell deep in thought. “I have my plans.”

“He’s your disciple. You decide,” said Luo Tang with a smile.

...

Gu Mountain Prefecture City, the same evening.

Oh? Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue—who were both having dinner—sensed something. A stream of light flew into the hall from outside. Meng Chuan reached out to grab it and saw a small bamboo tube.

An avian demon monarch left the compound silently. Usually, avian demon monarchs were used to send letters. These controlled avian demon monarchs were the most loyal to humans. There could be traitors among Godfiends, but these avian demon monarchs couldn’t betray humanity.

“Ah Chuan, what’s written on it?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“Master summoned me. I have to return to Archean Mountain immediately.” Meng Chuan pondered for a moment before passing the secret letter in the bamboo tube to his wife. Liu Qiyue also carefully read the letter and nodded. “It should have something to do with you killing a fourth Firmament demon monarch today.”

“I originally planned to return to Archean Mountain anyway. I need to exchange the treasures I obtained from the demon monarch for credit,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “I’ll be returning tonight. If everything goes well, I can return before dawn.”

“Why are you in such a hurry? Are you not using the bird?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“There’s no need. The bird is too slow,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue laughed. “Only you would dare say that.”

Avian demon monarchs could fly directly towards their destinations. It wasn’t easy for Great Solar Godfiends to leap over mountains. It usually took a Great Solar Godfiend two to three times longer to arrive at their destination than when they rode an avian demon monarch.

However, Meng Chuan had the right to say that avian demon monarchs were too slow. He could cross the mountains he encountered in a single leap. To him, it was in no way different from traveling on flat land.

...

That night, Meng Chuan bade farewell to his wife. He concealed his lightning with the black baneful aura as he hurried off into the distant night sky.

From the Great Zhou Dynasty’s southeastern region to the center of the dynasty, he leaped over rivers and lakes. He crossed mountains as if they were door sills. In a single leap, he traversed over two kilometers. His speed was considered top-notch amongst Regis Godfiends, making him much faster than third Firmament avian demon monarchs!

After traveling 5000 kilometers, Meng Chuan encountered demon monarchs attacking a village fort. Since he could sense auras within 2.5 kilometers with his Essence Soul perception domain, he also discovered two demon monarch lairs.

He killed seven third Firmament demon monarchs and 19 second Firmament demon monarchs. Even though he fought three times, he rushed from Gu Mountain Prefecture City to Archean Mountain in an hour.

His blood pumped vigorously as he traveled. Thankfully, his Diamond Body’s recovery speed was astonishing. As he went up Archean Mountain, he restrained his churning blood and calmed down.

Swoosh.

When Meng Chuan arrived outside Grotto-Heaven Pavilion, he saw the old steward there. The old steward chuckled and said, “Lord Meng Chuan, you sure came quickly. Please follow me.”

Meng Chuan didn’t find it odd at all. Godfiends guarding Archean Mountain had discovered his arrival as he scaled the mountain. His master probably knew about his arrival too.

In a study inside Grotto-Heaven Pavilion, Supremacy Qin Wu was carefully reading a dossier that had just been sent over today when Meng Chuan walked into the study and bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Master.”

“You sure came quickly.” Qin Wu put down the dossier and smiled at Meng Chuan. “Your Essence Soul has indeed reached the third level.” Qin Wu was in a good mood after confirming that Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul had reached the third level.

“I was lucky. I reached the third level a few months ago,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “That’s how I managed to kill the fourth Firmament demon monarch. If my Essence Soul hadn’t broken through, I would’ve been in danger...”

“I think highly of your Essence Soul cultivation talent. You didn’t disappoint me,” said Qin Wu. “You must keep the matter of you killing a fourth Firmament demon monarch a secret. You are not to spread it to others.”

“I understand,” said Meng Chuan respectfully.

“You earn ten million credits for killing a fourth Firmament demon monarch.” Qin Wu said, “However, I can’t give you the credits directly. Too many people will learn of it if you gain so much credit in one go. A few Godfiends are colluding with the Skydemon Sect and demons. They believe that humans are bound to lose and are looking for a way out. Humph!”

Meng Chuan listened obediently.

“You will not lose the credit you deserve,” said Qin Wu. “I’ll note it down for you and exchange whatever treasures you need on your behalf.”

“I need Quiescence Frost baneful aura,” said Meng Chuan immediately. “I need ten cubes of Quiescence Frost baneful aura.”

“Ten cubes?” Qin Wu’s face twitched. “That many? Archean Mountain only has 32 cubes left!”

“Master, as you know,” said Meng Chuan immediately, “I used nine bolts of heavenly lightning to forge my Godfiend body and absorbed a lot of baneful aura. According to my estimates, I can absorb up to ten cubes of Quiescence Frost baneful aura.”

“Alright, alright.” Qin Wu shook his head and sighed. “I’ll help you exchange for it. As long as they are treasures in the catalog, feel free to ask for them. I’ll try my best to find the treasures that aren’t in the catalog for you. If I can’t find them, you will have to depend on yourself.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “I understand.”

The treasures one needed for Marquis Godfiend cultivation could usually be bought from the sect. The further one went on their cultivation path, the rarer the items they needed. The sect didn’t always have what people needed.

For example, Quiescence Frost baneful aura was typically used by Marquis Godfiends with Lightning Devastator Fiend Bodies. In Archean Mountain, it was considered an uncommon baneful aura. Once Meng Chuan mastered the Divine Power realm, his body would probably be even stronger than Marquis Godfiends. He would definitely be able to absorb Quiescence Frost baneful aura.

“You now have the strength of a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend,” said Qin Wu. “I will assign more missions to you. I estimate that you will take action once every two to three days.”

“Qiyue is currently pregnant. Can I carry out the missions alone?” Meng Chuan asked.

“You alone are enough.” Qin Wu nodded and said, “It will be unlikely for you to encounter fourth Firmament demon monarchs during the missions assigned to you. Even if you encounter one, unless you can’t flee normally, don’t use mystic techniques that require a third-level Essence Soul like Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Casting a few illusion spells will do.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan was also confident that his strength would be comparable to Fu Jiao’s without using Essence Soul mystic techniques.

“What will be my designated mission area?” asked Meng Chuan.

“You will still be watching over Gu Mountain Prefecture and 500 kilometers around it,” said Qin Wu. “This area is big enough. It’s close to the size of a state. I will reassign the two Marquis Godfiends and four top-notch Godfiend teams within this region. The missions that would’ve been assigned to them will now become your responsibility. You are fast, and you are more effective at providing help.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. In the future, he would be several times buiser.

“Of course, Marquis Godfiends will still be protecting Wu State Capital and Qian State Capital. A Regis Godfiend at Luo Tang Pass can also be mobilized at any moment,” said Qin Wu. “If it’s too dangerous. I won’t send you. By the way, do you have other treasures you need? I’ll help you get them.”

Meng Chuan nodded and immediately took out the cloth bag. “Master, this is my spoils of war from killing the greater demon monarch. I’ll keep this bag for myself. I’d like to exchange the treasures inside for credit.”

“Let me take a look for you.” Qin Wu took the cloth bag and opened it. He smiled and commented, “This horn is of good material. It’s worth 600,000 credits. This spear needs to be reforged. It’s worth...

Before he could finish his sentence, Qin Wu exclaimed in surprise. He took out a black jade bottle from the bag. The longer he looked at it, the more his eyes lit up. “The demons really don’t feel the pinch. Such a treasure fell into the hands of a fourth Firmament demon monarch?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216 - Born (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan was somewhat puzzled. He had looked through the spoils of war in the bag. There were only three drops of green liquid in the black jade bottle. Was it worth his master’s excitement?

“Master, is the liquid in this jade bottle very precious?” asked Meng Chuan.

“No.” Qin Wu smiled and said, “What’s precious is the bottle itself.”

“Bottle?” Meng Chuan looked at the bottle carefully. The pitch-black jade bottle didn’t feel warm or cold to the touch. It didn’t seem special.

“This is a jade bottle unique to the demons. It’s carved from a complete North Sea Nether Jade. It has been refined by a demon Imperial Lord and can naturally absorb the Heaven and Earth powers. Every month, it will naturally condense a drop of jade liquid,” said Qin Wu. “This jade bottle is rather precious in the Demon Realm. It’s even more precious in the human world. I won’t hide it from you. It’s worth 50 million credits.”

Meng Chuan was alarmed.

50 million credits? This was an extremely shocking number. How many fourth Firmament demon monarchs were there in the world? Killing five in a row was worth 50 million credits! Killing one of the two fifth Firmament Skydemons was only 80 million credits!

“Let’s trade. I have a treasure here as well.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan. With a flip of his hand, a fiery-red feather appeared in his palm. It looked like it was carved from red jade. A faint flame rose from the crystalline body. “This feather is beneficial to those that cultivate fire-type divine bodies. It’s extremely useful for a Phoenix Divine Body expert. Are you willing to exchange this jade bottle for this feather?”

“A feather?” Meng Chuan examined the feather carefully.

What was his master’s identity? He was one of the leaders of Archean Mountain. How could he take advantage of a junior like him? The feather’s value was definitely in no way inferior to the Nether Jade Bottle, or even higher.

“What kind of creature’s feather is it?” asked Meng Chuan.

“The feathers of a phoenix,” said Qin Wu with a smile.

“Phoenix?” Meng Chuan was taken aback. “Are there really phoenixes in this world?”

Qin Wu smiled. “There’s no need to ask further. You cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. This feather is useless to you, but it’s a treasure for your wife, Liu Qiyue. Furthermore, your wife is pregnant. It’s beneficial to the children inside her. Are you willing to trade the jade bottle for it?”

“Yes, yes,” said Meng Chuan immediately.

“You really don’t feel the pinch.” Qin Wu smiled. “After you return, have Liu Qiyue keep this feather close to her. Make her keep it close to her even when she’s cultivating. Within a month, it will fuse with Liu Qiyue’s body.”

Meng Chuan nodded. He had long prepared the pills he needed to cultivate the Divine Power realm and the baneful aura he required next. If his wife could become stronger, it would be a joyous occasion. In this era—where the war kept escalating—they could go further together if she became stronger. They could also protect their children better.

...

The other spoils of war from Demon Monarch Fujiao added up to three million credits. Meng Chuan traded the Nether Jade Bottle for a phoenix feather.

Meng Chuan sighed. If a single feather is worth so much, how much is an entire Phoenix worth? Meng Chuan silently left Archean Mountain the same night he arrived.

Phoenixes were only a legend in the human world.

Phoenix Divine Body... Many Godfiends knew that this divine body was very powerful and could allow one to use Phoenix’s Nirvana. Therefore, they named it Phoenix Divine Body.

After obtaining a phoenix feather, Meng Chuan realized that the world still had many secrets he didn’t know about. His sect, Archean Mountain, was also very mysterious.

...

“You gave him a phoenix feather?” On the mountain, Supremacy Qin Wu and Supremacy Luo Tang stood side by side as they watched Meng Chuan leave.

Luo Tang was extremely shocked by Qin Wu’s actions. “Isn’t that the last phoenix feather? You actually parted with it?”

“I still have the right to give a phoenix feather to anyone,” said Qin Wu with a smile. He held the black jade bottle in his hand and said, “Although the value of a Nether Jade Bottle appears to be much lower than a phoenix feather, it’s more useful since it can be used for long periods of time.”

“A Nether Jade Bottle is worth 50 million credits, but the phoenix feather is worth twice as much,” said Luo Tang.

“I gave it to him because he’s Meng Chuan.” Qin Wu said, “He obtained a third-level Essence Soul at the age of 36. If he can obtain a seventh-level Essence Soul, he will be more useful to humanity than a Creation realm Supremacy. If he obtains an eighth-level Essence Soul... he can even end this war.”

“Eighth-level Essence Soul? Do you think so highly of him?” Luo Tang asked softly. “Even the strongest person in human history has only attained an eight-level Essence Soul.”

“At the very least, he has a high chance of attaining a seventh-level Essence Soul,” said Qin Wu. “We can’t help him with his Essence Soul cultivation, but we can help his wife. With this phoenix feather, Liu Qiyue’s phoenix bloodline will become purer. The chances of her becoming a Regis Godfiend will be much higher. It’s a good thing for the couple to join forces to fight the enemy.”

Luo Tang nodded slightly.

...

The moonlight scattered across Gu Mountain Prefecture City in the dark night. The city was silent; everybody had fallen asleep.

Meng Chuan silently returned to his residence under the moonlight.

“Ah Chuan.” With her sharp senses, Liu Qiyue noticed her husband returning. Liu Qiyue opened the door. “It’s only been four hours. You are really fast,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile.

Meng Chuan smiled and said, “The total trip distance is 10,000 kilometers, and I killed some demon monarchs along the way. By the way, I brought you a treasure.”

“Treasure?” asked Liu Qiyue puzzledly.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan took out his cloth bag and retrieved a fiery-red feather.

“A feather?” Liu Qiyue felt her blood boil when she saw the fiery-red feather. For some reason, she had a strong desire to possess it. This was the Phoenix Divine Body’s instinct.

Meng Chuan nodded. “I heard from Master that this is a phoenix feather. As long as you carry it with you and cultivate, it will completely fuse with your body in a month. It will be beneficial to you and the children in your womb.”

With that said, Meng Chuan handed it to his wife.

When Liu Qiyue touched the fiery-red feather, flames rose from her body. She looked at the feather in a daze and couldn’t help but ask, “Why haven’t I heard of such a treasure?”

“The greater demon monarch had a jade bottle. Master said that it was very valuable and didn’t want to take advantage of him, so he traded this feather for it,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“I can feel my body slowly transforming,” said Liu Qiyue. “Even the babies in my womb are affected for the better.”

Meng Chuan smiled brightly. “That’s good.”

...

Days passed.

The fiery-red feather became dimmer and dimmer, but Liu Qiyue’s strength kept increasing. Even her phoenix flames became stronger. In less than a month, the fiery-red feather turned into powder and vanished. The power within the phoenix feather had completely fused with Liu Qiyue’s body.

Meng Chuan was assigned more and more rescue missions. He would be assigned a mission once every two to three days, rushing to various places each time. In fact, the only fourth Firmament demon monarch in Wu State had been killed by Meng Chuan. His missions mainly occurred in Wu State and Qian State. His job was very easy. After attaining a third-level Essence Soul, he had the strength of a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend. He easily killed third Firmament demon monarchs.

...

3rd September. The atmosphere in Meng Chuan’s and his wife’s home—where they lived in seclusion—was rather tense.

Liu Yebai and Meng Chuan were waiting in the yard. Meng Dajiang couldn’t come because he was in charge of Earth Net’s intelligence network in Eastcalm Prefecture; thus, only Liu Yebai came.

“Meng Chuan, don’t worry. Qiyue is a Great Solar Godfiend. She can give birth easily.” Liu Yebai comforted Meng Chuan.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded, but he still stared at the room nervously.

He had never been this nervous even when he was fighting Fu Jiao.

Suddenly—

“Wa!” A baby’s cry sounded.

Meng Chuan and Liu Yebai trembled. Liu Yebai said excitedly, “The baby’s born. Meng Chuan, go in and take a look quickly.”

“Father-in-law, no rush,” said Meng Chuan immediately. “There’s another child.”

“Yes, yes, yes. There are two children.” Liu Yebai nodded.

Soon, another baby cried. The two babies cried together.

The door creaked open.

A woman came out and happily said, “Congratulations, Master. It’s a young master and a young mistress.”

Meng Chuan rushed in immediately.

As for Liu Yebai, he waited outside. At the same time, he took out a red packet—that he had prepared earlier—and gave it to the woman. When the woman saw this, her eyes lit up as her breathing hastened. She immediately said, “Thank you, Old Master. Thank you, Old Master.”

In fact, a Great Solar Godfiend could easily give birth. The two women hired were only there to help.

...

Within the room.

“Master.” The other woman packed up and left respectfully.

Meng Chuan saw Liu Qiyue leaning on the bed as she carried a pair of children.

“These are my children?” Meng Chuan stared.

Ordinary infants were born with wrinkled skin. However, his children had rosy skin the moment they were born. Their black eyes widened as they looked at the world curiously.

“How adorable.” Meng Chuan felt the blood connection. When he saw the two children, his heart melted.

He then looked at his wife—who was carrying the two children.

I, Meng Chuan, must protect the three people in front of me with this life of mine at all costs.

In the past, he had only thought of slaying demons. Now, his wife and children occupied the other half of his attention.

Meng Chuan felt very happy at this moment.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue smiled and handed a child to her husband. “This is the elder sister, and the other is the younger brother.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan hugged his daughter. His daughter looked at the “giant” curiously.

“Let’s go see Father-in-law,” said Meng Chuan.

After a while, the couple carried their children out of the room. Liu Yebai was already anxious from waiting outside.

“Oh, my two good grandchildren.” When Liu Yebai saw the babies, his eyes narrowed in happiness. He ran over excitedly and reached out to touch his granddaughter’s face before touching his grandson’s ear.

“Wa!” This made the boy cry.

“Waah!” The girl cried as well.

“Hahaha...” Liu Yebai laughed until his eyes were moist.

Meng Chuan and his wife immediately coaxed the two children.

“Oh, oh, oh, be good, be good.”

Final Chapter of Volume—Demons Wreaking Havoc

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The new year was very lively.

Liu Yebai happily brought his grandson and granddaughter out to shop, carrying each child with one hand. In midair, a gray bird followed him. It constantly looked down and watched the two young ones closely. Ever since the two were born, this third Firmament avian demon monarch became their secret guardian! With the twin’s grandfather protecting them in the open and the avian demon monarch protecting them in secret, Meng Chuan and his wife felt at ease.

They both felt like they owed their children a normal childhood. However, their circumstances didn’t permit it. They spent a lot of time cultivating and needed to travel everywhere. All they could do was hire two more women to take good care of the children.

“Dad, you have to be careful when out with the twins.” Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuan had just returned when they bumped into Liu Yebai.

“Don’t worry about me.” Liu Yebai chuckled. He had originally helped Meng Dajiang manage the Earth Net’s intelligence network in Eastcalm Prefecture, but he was now focused on taking care of his grandson and granddaughter. As for his good brother, Meng Dajiang? He naturally felt sorry for him. Meng Dajiang had taken a leave of absence a few days ago to visit them before returning to Eastcalm Prefecture hurriedly. After all, he was in charge of Earth Net’s intelligence network in Eastcalm Prefecture.

As the Meng family clan leader, he couldn’t be as willful as Liu Yebai.

“Ah Chuan.” In the study room, Liu Qiyue frowned at her husband—who was preparing his paint—and said, “For the past few months, we’ve had more rescue missions than in the past, but have you noticed something? The number of demon monarchs attacking cities in the area that we are responsible for is gradually decreasing.

“However, most demon monarchs have long retreated by the time we arrived. There aren’t many demon monarchs that we can kill,” said Liu Qiyue. “They are clearly here, so why has their attack frequency decreased?”

“When you were pregnant, I acted alone. I did my best to rescue cities and kill the demons. Back then, my speed was faster than now.” Meng Chuan explained with a smile, “The demons aren’t stupid. They will gain critical information from every attack. The demon monarchs will attack for shorter periods of time and retreat even earlier. Therefore, we often find no demon monarchs by the time we arrive. This is also a good thing because the earlier they retreat, the less damage to the city.”

“I’m saying that the demon monarchs’ attacking frequency is reducing overall,” said Liu Qiyue. “Don’t you think something’s wrong?”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan indifferently said, “Qiyue, there are far more demon monarchs in the Demon Realm than Godfiends. How many demon monarchs are there in the various prefectures and counties? The Demon Realm hasn’t truly shown its strength yet!”

“What do you mean?” Liu Qiyue was alarmed.

“If you were a demon and chose to attack the human world, would you use your full strength from the very beginning?” asked Meng Chuan. “I would first send a scouting force into the human world to grasp the enemy situation. Isn’t that expected?”

“You mean that... the demon monarchs currently in the human world are just scouts?” Liu Qiyue’s heart tightened.

“We’ve reinforcing cities across two states. The Wu State and Qian State are large bustling states. I’ve estimated that there are about 30 third Firmament demon monarchs in a prefecture on average. Of course, more than half have died,” said Meng Chuan. “However, there are over a thousand prefectures in the human world! There are about 30,000 third Firmament demon monarchs in the human world right now. What does this number mean to the Demon Realm as a whole?”

Liu Qiyue nodded solemnly. “Yes, I understand where you are coming from.”

“Don’t worry. The various states have several Marquis Godfiends. There are several peak Godfiend teams. No matter how many demon monarchs come, they will only be slaughtered,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

“The demons are sinister and cunning. If this batch of demon monarchs are only scouts, things won’t be simple when their true army begins invading the human world.” Liu Qiyue was worried.

“What’s there to worry about? The demons are so much stronger than humans. Both of us know that victory is destined to be very difficult to obtain,” said Meng Chuan with a relaxed smile. “All we need to do is become stronger. The stronger we are, the more demons we can deal with. By the way, Qiyue, your strength has increased significantly.”

Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up as she nodded. “That’s right. After that phoenix feather’s power fused with me, my divine body became much stronger. Likewise for my flames. I have even greater affinity with the Dao of Fire now. After I gave birth, I gained some vague insights into the Realm of Dao.”

“Realm of Dao?” Meng Chuan was shocked. After reaching the peak of Saber Soul, he had always been stumped by the Saber Dao realm.

Was his wife gaining insights into the Realm of Dao before him?

Unbeknownst to him, Liu Qiyue had actually reached the Realm of Soul before him.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “My Phoenix Flames are split into Flames of Nirvana and Flames of Life. I think I should be able to reach the Realm of Dao within half a year.”

Meng Chuan was overjoyed when he heard that. In present times, the stronger his wife was, the better.

“However, condensing an Essence Soul is a little troublesome,” said Liu Qiyue. “The Flames of Life nurtures my soul for extended periods, allowing my soul to grow stronger and gradually condense into an Essence Soul. However, it will take a long time. The other method is to use Phoenix’s Nirvana. When undergoing nirvana, one’s strength will soar, allowing one to gain insights into a higher realm. The Flames of Nirvana can also transform one’s soul.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

This was the case with the Phoenix Divine Body. Casting Phoenix’s Nirvana consumed one’s lifespan, but their strength would increase rapidly. This made many Godfiends envious and jealous. Many Godfiends found it difficult to raise their strength, and it was difficult to seek answers from one’s inner self. As for Phoenix Divine Body experts, they could rely on their bloodline to soar in strength.

Phoenix. Meng Chuan suddenly thought of the feather. Was the Phoenix Divine Body related to the original owner of the feather? Perhaps that was why it was so heaven-defying. Just the phoenix bloodline alone was enough to become one of twelve transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies.

...

In a chamber at night, Meng Chuan sat cross-legged.

Boom!

Flames rose from his body, and after a long while, he retracted them. Frost then covered his body, and after a long while, it dissipated. Next, his body began emitting golden light. When it faded, a faint black glow covered his body...

Meng Chuan’s body produced all sorts of phenomena as he cultivated the physical body cultivation system. This cultivation system was stronger than the Godfiend, demon monarch, and Skydemon cultivation systems. However, it was difficult and harsh to cultivate.

One needed Cosmos Crystals to gain basic mastery of the cultivation system! One needed to reach the peak of the Realm of Soul and a third-level Essence Soul to cultivate the Divine Power realm.

Rumble...

Meng Chuan viewed his body through his Essence Soul. With the aid of a mystic technique, he could enter the microscopic world. When one reached the Diamond realm, they would discover that their body was composed of countless tiny particles. These particles varied in size and color.

When one reached the Divine Power realm, they could observe what was inside the particles! Every particle was a world!

Particles were boundless and vast worlds!

In the middle of a particle space, there was an extremely tiny point. This point occupied about a trillionth of the entire particle space. Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul could only vaguely sense it. In the vast particle space around the point, countless dots of light orbited the tiny point.

As Meng Chuan observed this particle space, the particle space changed. He then began cultivating the particle space with the Divine Power realm formula.

The third level of the physical body cultivation system required one to cultivate these mysterious particle spaces. Terrifying amounts of energy was required to finish cultivating these countless particle spaces.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218 - Bai Nianyuns Secret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The goal of cultivating the Divine Power realm was to imprint one’s Essence Soul on the particle space, the ‘tiny point,’ and the numerous ‘light dots’ that orbited the ‘tiny point.’ Once imprinted, the particle space would undergo a transformation.

According to the information he inherited, one’s Essence Soul couldn’t observe the particle space before reaching the Divine Power realm. The particle space was like a desert that naturally grew.

Just observing the particle space caused it to change. After imprinting one’s Essence Soul on the particle space, the particle space would undergo a qualitative change. From then on, his control over his body would reach an unimaginable level. After all, even his Essence Soul had been imprinted on the ‘tiny point,’ the ‘light dots,’ and the particle space. Thus, his control over his body would naturally far exceed the past.

This process was named “Unification of the Spirit and Body.” After the countless particle spaces had been cultivated to perfection, one would gain divine powers!

Phew. Meng Chuan opened his eyes. He had used up all the Quintessential Essence he recovered with Scarlet Blood Divine Pills. He couldn’t continue cultivating with an empty dantian.

I’ve been cultivating my particle spaces for more than half a year. My body is transforming every day. Meng Chuan could feel his physical strength increasing. Originally, his physical strength was on par with his Great Solar Quintessential Essence, but his physical strength became superior to his Great Solar Quintessential Essence as he kept cultivating the particle spaces...

According to the manual, once he mastered the Divine Power realm, his physical strength would be slightly inferior to a Marquis Godfiend’s Quintessential Essence. His strength would be comparable to a fourth Firmament demon monarch’s physical strength!

However, a Divine Power realm expert would still be slightly inferior to Marquis Godfiends because they didn’t have a Darkstar domain. Without a Darkstar domain, they were much weaker than Marquis Godfiends. Therefore, the manual referred to Divine Power realm experts as half-step Marquis Godfiends.

If he reached the Undying realm, he could suppress Marquis Godfiends completely.

I’ll probably be able to master the Divine Power realm in two months. I wonder what divine powers I’ll gain. Meng Chuan looked forward to it.

...

In terms of prosperity, the Black Sand Dynasty was in no way inferior to the Great Zhou Dynasty. In terms of dealing with demons, Black Sand Dynasty was doing better than the Great Zhou Dynasty because they had King White Treasure!

Black Sand Dynasty, Tang State Capital.

“Miss.” A gray-robed elder respectfully placed a scroll on the table in front of a cyan-robed woman.

The cyan-robed woman nodded slightly. “You can leave now.”

“There’s information from the Great Zhou,” reminded the gray-robed elder softly before retreating.

The cyan-robed woman’s eyes lit up as she immediately flipped through the dossier. An intelligence report laid in the middle of the thick dossier. The cyan-robed woman read it. “Last year’s 13th September, Liu Qiyue gave birth to a son and daughter. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s current residence is unknown. They should be located in the Great Zhou Dynasty’s southeastern regions.”

He has children? The cyan-robed woman’s hands trembled slightly as her eyes reddened. A joyful smile blossomed on her face. Chuan’er has children? A son and a daughter? I have grandchildren? What are their names? What do they look like? I-I have to find them... No, I don’t even know where they are.

For a moment, her heart was in a mess.

The cyan-robed woman took a deep breath. I have to bear with it. I’ve endured for so many years. I’ll bear with it a little longer. Once I’m exposed, I’ll be in big trouble. In the intelligence report, she couldn’t find the location of Meng Chuan and his wife’s residence. If she had, she might’ve secretly visited her grandson and granddaughter.

Crackle... The intelligence report in the cyan-robed woman’s hand turned to dust.

“Miss, Marquis Martial Yang wishes to see you. He said that there’s something important.” The gray-robed elder’s voice sounded from outside.

“Something important?” The cyan-robed woman frowned slightly. “Let him in.” The cyan-robed woman continued reading the rest of the dossier.

Soon, an extraordinary man walked in. He smiled and said, “Sister Nianyun...”

“Oh?” The cyan-robed woman frowned. “Marquis Martial Yang, please watch your words.”

“Holy Maiden.” Marquis Martial Yang corrected himself with a smile. “We’ve known each other since we were young. There’s no need to be so polite.”

“Marquis Martial Yang, feel free to speak,” said the cyan-robed woman.

“I’ve just mastered one of the 36 secret arts of our Halberd Hall. I’m in a good mood, so I came to share my success with Sister Nianyun,” said Marquis Martial Yang with a smile. “Do you know which secret art I’ve mastered?”

The cyan-robed woman indifferently said, “I don’t wish to know. Marquis Martial Yang, you know Grand Yin Hall has its rules. You should leave quickly and not disturb my peace. Also... don’t call me Sister Nianyun.”

Marquis Martial Yang frowned but still smiled. “Alright, alright. I won’t disturb your cultivation any longer.”

With that said, Marquis Martial Yang left.

...

That night.

Marquis Martial Yang and a young man were drinking together.

“Brother Weiyan,” said Marquis Martial Yang. “Tell me. Your sister and I have known each other since we were young. Your sister was chosen to enter Grand Yin Holy Hall when she was young, and I was eventually able to enter Halberd Holy Hall. Your sister is one of five Holy Maidens of Grand Yin Holy Hall, but anyone with a bit of insight knows that although your sister is a Marquis Godfiend, she is still ranked low amongst the five Holy Maidens... There is only one person that can become Grand Yin Holy Hall Master. Your sister will eventually be married.

“According to the rules of our Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, the Holy Maidens of Grand Yin Holy Hall typically marry Halberd Holy Hall’s Godfiends. This is because our two cultivation systems complement each other, allowing our strength to improve greatly. Thus, isn’t it good for her to marry me in the future? I have never slighted her, but she has never cared about me.” Marquis Martial Yang drank his wine in agony.

“Out of the five Holy Maidens of Grand Yin Holy Hall, you ended up eyeing my sister?” asked the young man beside him as he drank. “Marquis Martial Yang, take my advice as a friend—give her up!”

“Why should I give up?” Marquis Martial Yang was furious.

The two strongest Holy Maidens of Grand Yin Holy Hall were fighting for the position of hall master. They had no interest in romantic relationships. Two other Holy Maidens had already found partners. They would marry immediately once the Grand Yin Holy Hall Master was determined.

Only Bai Nianyun had no hope of becoming hall master, nor was she willing to delve into romantic relationships.

“When I saw your sister when I was young, I was certain that I would marry her.” Marquis Martial Yang gritted his teeth.

“Actually, my sister already has someone. You...” said the young man as he drank. The moment he spoke, his expression changed.

“She has someone?” Marquis Martial Yang stared at the young man.

The young man realized that he had slipped up. He immediately said with a smile, “Pretend you didn’t hear that.”

“What do you mean by that? I heard you.” Marquis Martial Yang glared. “What happened? Brother Weiyan, we’ve been friends for so many years. You have to tell me honestly. Don’t keep me in the dark.”

The young man hesitated.

“I’ll use the mystic technique of Halberd Holy Hall to refine an Earth-level divine armament for you. Didn’t you want a soft sword? I’ll help you forge it,” said Marquis Martial Yang. “That should be enough, right?”

“I’m telling you this because I don’t want you to continue wasting your time like this.” In a low voice, the young man said, “When my sister was young, she went down the mountain to gain experience. For some reason, she was blind enough to take fancy to a mortal. She had a child. After her training ended, she returned to Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. When she returned, Grand Yin Holy Hall’s elders realized that my sister was no longer a virgin at a glance. She had no right to inherit the position as hall master.”

“She was not punished despite losing her virginity?” Marquis Martial Yang was in disbelief. “She’s still a Holy Maiden of Grand Yin Holy Hall?”

“Punish her? Who would dare?” The youth glared at him. “It’s rare for our Bai family to have a genius. Who would dare to punish her? Matriarch Yaoyue is still around! Who would dare to be impudent?”

Marquis Martial Yang fell silent.

Bai Yaoyue was a Creation Supremacy! She controlled the entire Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

“So what if my sister can’t become Grand Yin Holy Hall Master? Now, she has become a Marquis Godfiend. Apart from the matriarch, my Bai family only has three Marquis Godfiends! My sister is the youngest. The matriarch still thinks highly of my sister,” said the young man.

“Although it’s embarrassing if the rumors about my sister spread, it’s just that—embarrassment. I’m telling you only because of our years of friendship. Don’t spread the news. You will only suffer if you spread it.”

“I wouldn’t dare. How would I dare? Matriarch Yaoyue will probably smack me to death,” said Marquis Martial Yang immediately.

One reason he wanted to marry Bai Nianyun was because Grand Yin Holy Hall’s and Halberd Holy Hall’s cultivation systems complemented each other. Marrying Bai Nianyun would be of great help to his strength. The other reason why he wanted to marry Bai Nianyun was because of her background. If Matriarch Yaoyue favored him, he would gain many benefits in the future.

It was just like how Meng Chuan received a phoenix feather because Supremacy Qin Wu favored him.

“Enough. Don’t forget that soft sword of mine.” The youth stood up and laughed.

“Who is the mortal your sister married?” asked Marquis Martial Yang. “Don’t worry. Your soft sword will definitely be forged within half a year.”

“That mortal is from the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Eastcalm Prefecture. His name is Meng Dajiang. I wonder what my sister was thinking. She fell in love with a mortal and even had a son,” said the youth as he shook his head.

He left Marquis Martial Yang alone. It was only after his sister became a Marquis Godfiend and had earned Matriarch Yaoyue’s favor that he dared to tell others about this matter. Otherwise, it was impossible for him to “slip up.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219 - Divine Power Realm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 219: Divine Power Realm

The next morning.

A document appeared in front of Marquis Martial Yang. He read the intelligence report as he drank his morning tea.

“Meng Dajiang?” Marquis Wuyang muttered to himself as he read the document. “He’s actually a Body Tempering Godfiend. His talent is really mediocre, and he’s a weak Indestructible Godfiend. As for his son, his son is actually Meng Chuan? He’s one of the three most dazzling geniuses in Archean Mountain’s younger generation. He’ll definitely become a Marquis Godfiend. He even has a chance of becoming a Regis Godfiend?

“His daughter-in-law is Liu Qiyue, a genius with the Phoenix Divine Body? He managed to marry Bai Nianyun? She’s the eldest daughter—who is now a Marquis Godfiend—of a Creation Supremacy’s family clan!”

Marquis Martial Yang felt aggrieved.

What kind of luck is this? He’s of ordinary background and has ordinary talent! His strength is ordinary! He’s only an Indestructible Godfiend, which are some of the weakest Godfiends! He was unable to resist a demon invasion head-on and is only in charge of gathering intelligence. Not to mention that Meng Dajiang is a Body Tempering Godfiend! He’s inferior to ordinary Indestructible Godfiends!

However, his wife, son, and daughter-in-law are all extraordinary! Marquis Martial Yang’s face hardened as he stared at the report with cold eyes. “I won’t feel good if this Meng Dajian continues living a carefree life.”

Bai Nianyun—who he had grown up with—was the young mistress of a Creation Supremacy family clan. He had always admired her. He had always pursued her, and it was only after becoming a Marquis Godfiend did he gain the confidence to up the ante in his pursuits...

He had desired her for decades. He never expected Bai Nianyun would marry Meng Dajiang and have a child when he was still a mortal.

It’s a huge crime to attack a weak Godfiend during the war directly. Not to mention that Meng Dajiang has a son and daughter-in-law with some background in the Great Zhou Dynasty. I can’t be rash.

Marquis Martial Yang thought for a moment before coming up with a plan. Alright, I’ll do that.

Even though he smiled calmly, how could he throw this matter to the back of his mind?

Now that his decades of pursuing Bai Nianyun had gone down the drain, he had to vent his frustrations and anger! The more powerful a person was, the more they valued their emotional state. Only with a calm mind could one’s will be strong enough. A small matter could be tolerated, but if one were to withhold great anger and endure aggrievement, it could easily turn into a heart demon.

Haphazard thoughts could affect one’s cultivation greatly. From the Realm of Soul and onward, a Godfiend’s cultivation had a connection with their willpower. The powerful Godfiends in human history—be it good or bad—all had extremely strong willpower.

...

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan and his wife streaked across the world amidst converged lightning. They were making their way back home. They naturally felt much more relaxed when they weren’t on missions. Along the way, they observed the scenery and kept an eye out for smoke.

“We’ve arrived at Gu Mountain Prefecture City,” said Meng Chuan as he led his wife into the compound.

“Master, Madam.” The old servant immediately welcomed them.

Meng Chuan and his wife entered the compound and followed the sounds to the back garden. In the garden, two children were tottering around playfully. Liu Yebai said softly, “Come, come. Come to Grandpa.”

The two children babbled; it was unknown what they were saying. As they walked, the younger twin nearly fell when Liu Yebai appeared in front of him in a flash. He hugged the younger twin. Beside him, his elder sister immediately pounced towards Liu Yebai. Liu Yebai hugged the two children and laughed.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue watched with smiles.

“I haven’t seen Dad smile as much my whole life than in the last six months,” said Liu Qiyue.

“With Father-in-law helping us take care of the children, it will be much easier for us,” said Meng Chuan. His children were only six months old and were now barely able to walk. They had developed much earlier than ordinary children. Their constitutions were naturally stronger due to their birth parents.

For example, King Calm Sea’s children were extraordinary. The mothers of those children were only mortals.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were extraordinary. One had a Phoenix Divine Body, while the other had a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and cultivated the physical body cultivation system.

When the two children were in their mother’s womb, their mother had absorbed the power of a phoenix feather. The power had also partially fused with the twin’s bodies, so their bodies were naturally extraordinary.

...

That night, in the chamber.

Meng Chuan sat cross-legged. After a year of cultivation, he finally mastered the Divine Power realm after cultivating the last particle space to perfection.

Even the smallest particles in his body had a particle space. Meng Chuan had consumed 368 Scarlet Blood Divine Pills in this past year of cultivation. His Essence Soul’s consciousness was finally imprinted on every particle space, ‘tiny point,’ and ‘light dot.’

Boom!

The final particle space was imprinted with his Essence Soul’s consciousness. All the particle spaces in his body had been imprinted. Previously, he never had such refined control over his body! Now, with just a thought, the power contained in every particle would gather. A majestic power surged through his body in a perfectly controlled manner.

This is the Divine Power realm? Meng Chuan felt his entire body transform. He viewed the insides of his body with his Essence Soul. Every organ, every drop of blood, every particle of his muscles, tendons, and bones were glowing.

This glow came from nothing! Furthermore, a mysterious and complicated protective member had formed above the surface of his skin. The protective membrane was much stronger than the protective Diamond power. The protective membrane on the surface of his skin was also much more complicated than the Diamond power. The protective membrane had formed due to the countless particles’ spatial powers influencing the outside world.

I’ll give it a try. Meng Chuan rolled up his sleeves and revealed his arm. If one looked carefully, one could see a transparent membrane covering his arm.

Meng Chuan flipped his hand and pulled out Demon Slayer.

Break!

When the saber slashed at his arm, the blade struck the protective membrane and was weakened by the various layers. In the end, the saber completely stopped before it could even touch his skin.

After fusing the Power of Essence Soul with his Great Solar Quintessential Essence, his Quintessential Essence became stronger than his body. With a third-level Essence Soul, he barely had the strength of a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend.

Tiger Roar Stance.

The saber slashed down ferociously. He did not hold back at all. After all, even if his arm was chopped off, it could be reconnected.

When the ferocious saber beam struck the protective membrane, it was met with layers of obstructions. It was a natural resistance formed due to cultivating his countless particle spaces. Although the saber beam managed to penetrate past the membrane, it didn’t even leave a mark on his skin.

I can’t believe it. Although I’m not proficient in strength, my saber arts are not weak either. Not to mention Demon Slayer has long transformed!

Power of Essence Soul and forbidden Godfiend spell activate!

Meng Chuan attacked himself ruthlessly once again.

After casting a forbidden Godfiend spell, the saber beam was even more resplendent than before. Lightning flashed as the saber beam tore through the protective membrane, split apart his extremely tough skin before finally getting stuck at the muscles.

Superficial wounds? Meng Chuan finally understood his new body. In terms of toughness, my body is nearly twice as tough as that one-horned greater demon monarch I killed. As expected of the physical body cultivation system. Purely cultivating the body results in a really powerful body.

It’s no wonder the manual describes physical body cultivation experts as the ones who dare to fight head-on. Indeed, all physical body cultivation experts have monstrous vitality. However, in terms of explosive strength, I don’t seem to be comparable to a Marquis Godfiend?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220 - Divine Eye of Lightning
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 220: Divine Eye of Lightning

Meng Chuan sensed the strength of his body. He first put away Demon Slayer before swinging his palm to strike out with brute force—he didn’t use any techniques.

He struck out one palm at a time, causing the air to distort and form high-pressure airwaves. With the naked eye, one could see the palm attack slice through the air. However, it was completely blocked by an invisible domain after moving only 30 feet. It failed to damage the chamber’s wall at all.

Back when I used the Soul-Vanquishing Spike to injure the single-horned greater demon monarch heavily, it could only use brute force attacks. From the looks of it, I only have 60% of its strength. Meng Chuan nodded secretly. That’s right. Its strength comes from its body size. It was at least 30 feet tall. I’m much smaller in size after all. However, my body is tougher, and my defensive capabilities are stronger.

Fu Jiao was a large metal ball while Meng Chuan was just a small piece of highly-forged steel. He was tougher and firmer, but his explosive strength was slightly lower. He only had 60% of Fu Jiao’s explosive strength, but his brute force was still at the level of a fourth Firmament demon monarch.

At the Divine Power realm, my body is on par with a fourth Firmament demon monarch. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

Fourth Firmament demon monarchs were generally weaker than Marquis Godfiends. Divine Power realm experts were also slightly inferior to Marquis Godfiends.

Since I’ve achieved Unification of the Spirit and Body, I can utilize my physical strength at a deeper level with a mere thought. I can no longer unleash greater strength with ordinary techniques.

A mortal’s internal strength was scattered. Therefore, superficial techniques could allow a mortal to produce strength several times greater than usual. However, at the Divine Power realm, one would achieve Unification of the Spirit and Body. One’s Essence Soul would be imprinted on every particle space. With just a thought, one could combine the particle spaces’ collective strength at a deeper level. Thus, it would be difficult for meng Chuan to improve his combat strength further with ordinary techniques!

Boom! Boom!

Meng Chuan struck out twice. One palm attack was using pure brute force, and the other was a Tiger Roar Stance powered with my peak Saber Soul. However, even after executing Tiger Roar Stance with a peak Saber Soul, my attack’s strength only increased by 60 percent. Meng Chuan shook his head disappointedly. What if I fuse the Power of Essence Soul with my body?

Meng Chuan fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body. This fusion immediately felt different than all the others he had previously done.

Although it took him only a thought to drive his body’s strength after his Essence Soul had imprinted on every particle space, his control over every particle space immediately increased after the Power of Essence Soul fused with his body.

Meng Chuan struck out with his palm again. The condensation of power was weakened within 30 feet of the domain after the force was directed through the void.

Boom!

I can now utilize my body more freely, and the expenditure of my Power of Essence Soul reserve is much smaller. I can unleash 30 moves, and my strength is three times greater than before. Meng Chuan nodded in satisfaction. After reaching the Divine Power realm, his physical strength took center stage. His Great Solar Quintessential Essence was relatively weaker.

If I encounter that greater demon monarch again, I can crush him in a head-on fight. Together with the Soul-Vanquishing Spike, I can kill him in a few moves. Of course, it’s only a newly-advanced fourth Firmament demon monarch.

Meng Chuan wasn’t proud.

After reaching the Divine Power realm, I actually have a domain? Meng Chuan carefully observed what happened to his attacks. Although the power of the attacks converged to form a shockwave that blasted through the air, it dissipated within 30 feet. This is the domain’s ability.

Meng Chuan suddenly had a feeling that he was just a microscopic point in the particle world. This feeling...

With him at the center, everything within half a kilometer was enveloped by an invisible electromagnetic domain.

There’s no record of Divine Power realm experts forming a domain. However, I’m indeed different from ordinary physical body cultivators. I used the power of heavenly lightning to reconstruct my Godfiend body. The particle space is filled with extremely powerful electromagnetism.

Only when one could observe the particle world would they realize that each particle could unleash extremely mighty electrical impulses. Thus, every particle space had an electromagnetic field.

After all the particle spaces’ power was combined, it began to affect the outside world, causing an electromagnetic field to form around Meng Chuan.

My divine power is... Meng Chuan sensed his divine power.

Once one reached the Divine Power realm, they would gain divine powers.

Meng Chuan felt his sea of consciousness tremble. His sea of consciousness seemed to be waiting for him to trigger his divine power.

I’ll give it a try. With his sea of consciousness as the core, he guided every particle in his body with just a thought.

Boom!

At the center of Meng Chuan’s brows, a divine eye opened. It was a characteristic of his sea of consciousness.

Countless electromagnetic domains in the particle spaces were activated as well. Their influence on the outside world suddenly increased. With Meng Chuan at the center, the surrounding 2.5 kilometers was enveloped in an electromagnetic domain! The electromagnetic domain didn’t seem to fluctuate, but in fact, it was filled with electromagnetic fluctuations. Marquis Godfiends could detect nearly everything. These electromagnetic fluctuations had some strength, but it would cause negligible damage to Marquis Godfiends.

This electromagnetic domain was mainly used for scouting and attacking! The electromagnetic domain itself could produce lightning.

How terrifying was it to produce lightning in a 2.5 kilometer area?

Of course, the lightning produced by Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain wasn’t very powerful. It wasn’t as powerful as the power of lightning within his body. However, it was pretty good for using it against demon hordes. However, its true use was for reconnaissance.

These electromagnetic waves can permeate a quarter-kilometer underground? Meng Chuan was extremely shocked.

Underground reconnaissance was a huge problem. Essence Soul perception domains would be weakened when used to search underground. Although the electromagnetic domain would also be weakened when used underground, it was much better than many other domains. It could penetrate a quarter-kilometer deep into the ground.

King White Treasure of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven alone matched the rest of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Godfiends combined because he can probe 2.5 kilometers underground. This divine power allows me to probe a quarter-kilometer underground. If I reach the Undying realm, this divine power will be even stronger, increasing its range of detection even further. What if I reach the Blood Droplet realm? Perhaps I’ll be able to match King White Treasure...

I shall call this divine power the Divine Eye of Lightning. I’ll be able to see all demons when the divine eye opens.

Meng Chuan was very satisfied. This divine power was very weak for frontal combat, but it was most suitable for reconnaissance.

...

After reaching the Divine Power realm, Meng Chuan got used to the changes in his skillset. He needed to decide on his future combat method based on what he was good at. He also needed to learn some combat mystic techniques from the physical body cultivation system manuals.

...

Eastcalm Prefecture, Meng family’s ancestral mansion.

Due to Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue, the Meng family had become the undisputed strongest Godfiend family clan in Eastcalm Prefecture. Meng Dajiang was also trusted by Archean Mountain and was in charge of Earth Net’s Eastcalm Prefecture intelligence network.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Two Godfiends silently arrived at the Meng family ancestral mansion and came to a study. One of the Godfiends pushed opened the door and entered.

Inside the study, the fat Meng Dajiang sat as he flipped through a dossier.

“Meng Dajiang!” shouted the leading Godfiend. “Your son, Meng Chuan, fights for humanity and has killed countless demon monarchs. As for you? You actually colluded with the Skydemon Sect! You betrayed us humans!”

“Senior Brother Meng has saved many people. He came to our Eastcalm Prefecture for rescue missions many times. As his father, you actually colluded with the Skydemon Sect?” said the other Godfiend angrily. Meng Chuan was very famous now. Many Godfiends 500 kilometers around Gu Mountain Prefecture had met Meng Chuan and his wife. They were extremely reverent of them.

Meng Dajiang sighed and put down the dossier. “One wrong step and it all goes downhill. I have nothing to say.”

“You have nothing to say? How shameless.” The Godfiend elder ordered, “Take him away.”

Meng Dajiang didn’t resist and allowed himself to be apprehended.

“Will you tell Chuan’er about this?” Meng Dajiang asked softly.

“This matter will naturally be told to Senior Brother Meng.” The young Godfiend beside him said, “Meng Dajiang, by doing this, you are embarrassing Senior Brother Meng!”

“Let’s go.” The two Archean Mountain Godfiends left quietly with Meng Dajiang. They didn’t alert the other members in Meng family’s ancestral mansion.

They had secretly captured him because they didn’t want Meng Chuan embarrassed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221 - Dungeon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 221: Dungeon

Wu State Capital, Xiangshan Garden.

This was the center of Wu State’s Earth Net. A large amount of intelligence would arrive here, and many decisions were made here. Only extremely important intelligence would be reported to Archean Mountain.

“Go in.” In a dungeon in Xiangshan Garden, Meng Dajiang entered with cuffs on his hands and feet. With a clang, he silently walked to the wall and sat down against it.

I’ve finally been exposed. Meng Dajiang lowered his head.

The two Godfiends standing outside the prison shook their heads when they saw this.

“It’s Senior Brother Meng’s father. He actually colluded with the Skydemon Sect!”

“Who would have thought that?”

“If it weren’t because I was investigating other cases and had happened to discover this intelligence, we would really have allowed Meng Dajiang to keep hiding.”

The two Godfiends left immediately. It was impossible for Meng Dajiang to escape Xiangshan Garden’s dungeons with his strength alone.

...

The Godfiends in Xiangshan Garden discussed the case amongst themselves. Xiangshan Garden was the center of Wu State’s Earth Net. After handling many cases, the cases of Godfiends colluding with the Skydemon Sect coming to light wouldn’t have attracted so much attention. However, the person in question was Meng Dajiang, father to Meng Chuan! This attracted the attention of many Godfiends in Wu State’s Xiangshan Garden.

They did not dare to delay the case and interrogated Meng Dajiang that very day.

“Meng Dajiang, I’ll ask. You answer.” A man and woman were in charge of interrogating Meng Dajiang.

“Okay.” Meng Dajiang sat there and calmly answered one question after another.

...

“Marquis.” The female Godfiend in charge of the interrogation found Marquis Gong Xu, who was drinking alone in a restaurant.

“This is the interrogation statement of Meng Chuan’s father, Meng Dajiang.” The female Godfiend handed the dossier over respectfully. “Also, all the evidence we found from our investigations are included.”

Marquis Gong Xu had a square face and he looked solemn and cold.

At that moment, he received the dossier and frowned slightly. “Meng Dajiang had suffered great humiliation because he was a mortal. That’s why he risked his life to become stronger. He even became a Demon Annihilation Guild assassin? He even colluded with the Skydemon Sect? He did everything to enhance his strength?”

“What kind of humiliation did he suffer that made him go to such crazy extents?” asked Marquis Gong Xu.

“He refuses to say it, no matter what we do,” said the female Godfiend.

Marquis Gong Xu frowned.

“Marquis, how should we settle this?” asked the female Godfiend nervously. She was only an Indestructible Godfiend and not an inner sect disciple of Archean Mountain. Now, powerful Godfiends were fighting everywhere. The weak Godfiends were in charge of intelligence. Marquis Gong Xu was mainly in charge of overseeing Wu State. His role in Earth Net was only a secondary appointment.

He left the trivial matters to the Godfiends under him.

“The evidence is irrefutable,” said Marquis Gong Xu indifferently. “Since Meng Dajiang has confessed, we will naturally deal with him as required.”

“Execution?” the female Godfiend asked.

“Executing a Godfiend requires Archean Mountain’s approval,” said Marquis Gong Xu. “Report all the evidence to Archean Mountain. Let Archean Mountain decide.”

“Yes.” The female Godfiend nodded.

...

“Senior Brother Meng, your father, Meng Dajiang, colluded with the Skydemon Sect. The evidence is conclusive. Now, he’s imprisoned in Wu State’s Xiangshan Garden...”

“Senior Brother Meng, the Wu State’s Earth Net has already confirmed your father’s death sentence. They have reported it to Archean Mountain for further approval...”

On this day, five Godfiends in Wu State Capital wrote letters to Meng Chuan. Only ten Godfiends knew of this case intimately, but half of them wrote letters to Meng Chuan. This showed Meng Chuan’s influence.

In the past few years, Meng Chuan had gone on rescue missions that were within 500 kilometers around Gu Mountain Prefecture. He had saved many people in the Wu State and the Qian State. Ever since Meng Chuan killed Greater Demon Monarch Fu Jiao, Archean Mountain frequently assigned him missions. Thus, Meng Chuan often rushed to help Earth Net Godfiends when they encountered trouble.

He had saved many Godfiends! Having saved them repeatedly, along with how he had killed demon monarchs time and time again, these Godfiends were grateful to him and admired him.

Meng Chuan was Wu State’s pride!

Everyone believed that Meng Chuan would definitely become a Marquis Godfiend. He even had a chance of becoming a Regis Godfiend! Due to wanting to repay the favor of them being saved, many Godfiends wrote letters to inform him about Meng Dajiang’s case.

The earlier he knew, the earlier Meng Chuan could respond. If he waited for Archean Mountain’s official notice, it might be a little late.

...

One letter after another was sent to Meng Chuan through Archean Mountain’s internal system! Without having to write an address, Archean Mountain would deliver the letter to the recipient. Furthermore, it was impossible for the Godfiends’ letters to be read.

Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

In a chamber, Meng Chuan was absorbing Quiescence Frost baneful aura. A large calabash laid in front of him. Inside the calabash was the liquefied Quiescence Frost baneful aura. He had obtained 30 percent of Archean Mountain’s stockpile. This was his final calabash of Quiescence Frost baneful aura.

Absorb. Meng Chuan directed his Quintessential Essence into the calabash and immediately, black-green baneful aura flew out. It flew into Meng Chuan’s mouth as he sucked it in.

His body at the Divine Power realm was too powerful! Compared to Marquis Godfiends in history—that had cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—his body was much stronger than theirs. His vitality was also monstrous, so it was naturally easier for him to withstand the Quiescence Frost baneful aura. His absorption speed was also several times faster.

Absorb. Every time Meng Chuan absorbed the Quiescence Frost baneful aura, he would fuse it with the baneful aura within him.

Finally, when not much was left in the calabash, Meng Chuan’s baneful aura completely transformed.

I’ve refined Quiescence Frost baneful aura completely?

Meng Chuan revealed a look of delight. With a thought, his black baneful aura surged around his body. The surrounding area began to freeze as temperatures plummeted. Ordinary Great Solar Godfiends and third Firmament demon monarchs would probably be frozen to death and turn into ice sculptures. Even fourth Firmament demon monarchs and Marquis Godfiends would be greatly affected by his baneful aura.

For those like Blackwater Palace Lord, they would probably only have 20 to 30 percent of their strength left after facing his terrifyingly chilling baneful aura.

The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body—a transcendent-grade Godfiend body—combined with many precious baneful auras such as the Quiescence Frost baneful aura, resulted in a very terrifying baneful aura. In fact, only Marquis Godfiends could refine Quiescence Frost baneful aura completely.

I’ve finally mastered it after spending nearly a month. It’s slightly easier than I expected. It’s because of my body. My body is powerful and my vitality is extremely high. I can rapidly restore the damage the baneful aura does on my body. Meng Chuan secretly nodded. I have another powerful technique.

He got up and stuffed the calabash into his storage bag. He put away the cloth bag before happily opening the door to the chamber and walking out.

After mastering a powerful technique, he wanted to share it with his wife.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue read a book outside the chamber as a way to guard him. She smiled and said, “I wonder what happened today. You have a few letters.”

“A few letters?” Meng Chuan was surprised.

Godfiends fought everywhere. It was rare for them to send letters.

Only Yan Jin, Yang Fang, some of his good friends, as well as his father and family, occasionally wrote letters to him.

“They’re all for you. None of them are mine.” Liu Qiyue handed over a stack of letters.

Meng Chuan sat down and opened the first letter out of curiosity. He unfolded the letter and read the contents with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222 - Im Meng Chuan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The contents of the first letter were like a bolt from the blue, completely stunning Meng Chuan.

After reading the contents of the letter in a daze, he immediately flipped through the second letter, third letter, fourth letter...

“What’s wrong?” Liu Qiyue noticed something amiss with Meng Chuan. “Ah Chuan, what’s wrong with you?”

After reading the five letters, Meng Chuan sat there woodenly.

Liu Qiyue immediately picked up the letters and read them. “How is that possible? Impossible! Th-This...”

D-dad colluded with the Skydemon Sect? Meng Chuan refused to believe it. He carefully recalled his childhood. Dad served in the military for a full ten years. He’s fought with the demons again and again. Mom was killed by the demons. Dad hates the demons to the bone. How can he collude with the Skydemon Sect?

Dad taught me since I was young; that’s why I’m here today. I know he despised demons. It can’t be fake. How can he collude with the Skydemon Sect?

The more Meng Chuan recalled about his father, the more he found it impossible.

But Earth Net has investigated and said that the evidence is irrefutable. Father took the initiative to confess? Meng Chuan pondered. Could there be some secret I don’t know?

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan!” Liu Qiyue shouted.

Meng Chuan woke up from his thoughts.

Liu Qiyue looked at her husband. Her husband’s eyes were filled with tears as he stood dazedly. Clearly, the agitation from reading the five letters was too great. He lost his mother when he was six years old, and his father had brought him up. Meng Chuan’s relationship with his father was extremely deep. He couldn’t accept the fact that his father had colluded with the Skydemon Sect.

“Ah Chuan!” Liu Qiyue shouted.

Oh? Meng Chuan finally snapped to his senses. However, he couldn’t help but recall the past.

“There must be something wrong with this,” added Liu Qiyue. “For Father-in-law to be in charge of Earth Net’s intelligence network in Eastcalm Prefecture, Archean Mountain must have investigated his background thoroughly. They are very trusting of him. How did this accusation of him colluding with the Skydemon Sect arise?”

Meng Chuan nodded.

“We know Father-in-law’s personality very well. He definitely isn’t someone who will collude with the demons,” said Liu Qiyue. “If he had that kind of personality, he wouldn’t be able to nurture you, Ah Chuan.”

“Where’s Father-in-law?” Meng Chuan asked. “Father-in-law and my father are life-and-death brothers. He definitely knows more.”

“Yes, I’ll get my dad.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

...

Although it was late at night, Liu Yebai was still woken up.

Under the candlelight, Liu Yebai finished reading the five letters. He shook his head and said solemnly, “Impossible! Dajiang will definitely not collude with the Skydemon Sect. I dare make a bet with my life.”

Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up when he heard that.

“I’m very clear of Dajiang’s whereabouts,” said Liu Yebai solemnly. “He and I were both assassins under the Demon Annihilation Guild. We carried out the Demon Annihilation Guild’s missions to pursue the Skydemon Sect. Usually, we run a restaurant in Eastcalm Prefecture and teach the two of you. He abhors evil and hates demons to the bone... I have fought shoulder to shoulder with him many times. There’s no way I read him wrong.

“Most importantly, it’s impossible for him to collude with the Skydemon Sect for extended periods without being discovered by me,” said Liu Yebai. “I’m also a Godfiend. Furthermore, I’m good at scouting and hiding. Thirty years have passed. I’ve been friends with him for thirty years. We have a life-and-death relationship. How can he hide his collusion from me if he colludes with the Skydemon Sect?

“Eastcalm Prefecture’s Skydemon Sect branch has long been destroyed. Back then, we discovered many dossiers, but we didn’t discover anything related to your father,” added Liu Yebai.

Meng Chuan nodded.

The Skydemon Sect’s Eastcalm branch was ultimately destroyed because of him.

“We have been friends for 30 years. How can I be wrong about his temperament?” Liu Yebai firmly believed in him. “There must be a problem! Your dad will definitely not collude with the Skydemon Sect!”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“But the evidence is irrefutable. It’s strange that your father took the initiative to admit it,” Liu Yebai said.

“I’ll find out the truth.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“What are you going to do?” Liu Yebai asked. “Tell me. Qiyue and I will help you think about it too.”

Liu Qiyue added, “This matter has to be done quickly. Wu State has already reported this to Archean Mountain. Once Archean Mountain confirms this, it will be troublesome.”

...

After discussing with his wife and father-in-law, Meng Chuan gradually calmed down.

“Ah Chuan, you have to be careful this time to prevent any conspiracy,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Remember not to go against Archean Mountain!” Liu Yebai exhorted.

“Don’t worry.” Meng Chuan said, “I believe Archean Mountain will not malign my father.”

“What if we were wrong?” Liu Yebai suddenly said.

Meng Chuan was taken aback. The scene of countless people being slaughtered by demon monarchs in recent years surfaced in his mind—countless corpses. He whispered, “If we’re wrong, and my father really colluded with the Skydemon Sect? I have nothing to say.”

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan streaked across the sky as a bolt of lightning, heading towards Wu State Capital.

Liu Qiyue and Liu Yebai watched from afar.

“Don’t worry. With Meng Chuan’s contributions, Archean Mountain will definitely be very cautious,” said Liu Yebai. “By asking Meng Chuan that last question, it clearly shows that he’s not a foolish person.”

“Yes,” said Liu Qiyue. “I only hope that Father-in-law is indeed maligned and we can clear his name. If he really colluded with the Skydemon Sect and got executed, it would be a huge blow to Ah Chuan.”

“Dajiang won’t be a traitor,” Liu Yebai repeated and looked into the distance silently.

...

In the dead of night, a crescent moon hung high in the sky. Cold moonlight scattered across the ground.

Swoosh.

A figure flew over from the sky. It flickered several times in the sky above Wu State Capital, but it never landed. It traversed more than 50 kilometers.

Ever since he grasped the electromagnetic domain, Meng Chuan could fly! He traveled at full speed from Gu Mountain Prefecture. In the past, he was already fast. After reaching the Divine Power realm, he became even faster in the form of lightning. In a flash, he had already traveled three kilometers.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan landed on a tree crown in Xiangshan Garden. The divine eye at his glabella opened.

Divine power—Divine Eye of Lightning!

The electromagnetic field expanded rapidly. He could probe everything 2.5 kilometers around him. He could even probe a quarter-kilometer deep underground. The entirety of Xiangshan Garden became visible to him, so it was only natural that he found the dungeons.

Dad. Meng Chuan discovered Meng Dajiang.

Meng Dajiang sat cross-legged by the wall of the dungeon, handcuffed. His hair was disheveled, and he looked dispirited.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan moved and arrived outside the dungeon. Guards guarded the entrance.

“Who is it?” the guards roared angrily, but they no longer dared to make a sound. This was because when they saw the distant youth, they only felt an inexplicable sense of fear.

“Who dares trespass the dungeon?” The two Godfiends guarding the dungeon appeared. They immediately saw a youth not far away. The youth was standing there with a saber by his waist.

“Senior Brother Meng is here?” The two Godfiends felt their hearts tighten.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

One figure after another appeared. Xiangshan Garden wasn’t huge, and it was heavily guarded. At that moment, more Godfiends arrived. However, when they saw Meng Chuan, they exchanged looks.

Meng Chuan looked at the eight Godfiends and said, “I’m Meng Chuan. I wish to meet my father.”

The eight Godfiends fell silent. Following that, an elder Godfiend took the initiative to make way for the dungeon entrance behind him.

Upon seeing this, Godfiends immediately made way.

“The dungeon is a very important place. You are not allowed to trespass.” A female Godfiend could not help but say, “Senior Brother Meng, you are not allowed to trespass.”

“Junior Sister Wang.” Her companions grabbed her and pulled her to the side. They smiled and said, “Senior Brother Meng is a Patroller. He’s entering the dungeon to interrogate a prisoner for his investigations on demon monarchs. We have to cooperate.”

“Yes, yes, yes. Earth Net will cooperate with Patrollers,” said the Godfiends.

The only stubborn female Godfiend was also held back by her companion.

“Thank you, everyone,” said Meng Chuan when he saw them make way for him.

“It’s only right.”

“We have to cooperate with Senior Brother Meng,” said one Godfiend after another.

Under the attention of the Godfiends, Meng Chuan walked into the dungeon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223 - Night Chat in the Dungeon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 223: Night Chat in the Dungeon

The only source of light—a lit torch—brightened the dark dungeon somewhat.

As Meng Chuan walked, he walked to the cell where his father was. Meng Dajiang—still fat—laid against the cell wall dispiritedly.

Click.

Meng Chuan grabbed the prison door and used his Quintessential Essence to cut open the lock. He pulled open the door, and calmly entered.

Meng Dajiang looked up and saw a familiar young figure walk in. He was stunned and couldn’t help but say, “Chuan’er.”

“Dad.” Meng Chuan sat cross-legged and looked at his father. “I’m here.”

Meng Dajiang had a complicated expression as he sighed. “Dad has embarrassed you.”

“It says in the letter that you colluded with the Skydemon Sect. There’s concrete evidence. They even said that you admitted it,” said Meng Chuan calmly. “But I don’t believe it.”

“Ha...” Meng Dajiang smiled and shook his head bitterly. “Who doesn’t have some silly moments in their life? Back then, I was filled with anger, so I took the wrong path. I thought that it wouldn’t affect humanity much if I leaked only some information.”

Meng Chuan looked at his father, neither angry nor vexed. He calmly asked, “Why were you angry back then?”

“Chuan’er,” Meng Dajiang stared at Meng Chuan, “in the past, I didn’t even dare tell you. Even though you’ve become a Great Solar Godfiend, it might still be too early to tell you. However, my crimes probably result in an execution. Thus, I’ll tell you everything.”

Meng Chuan frowned. He knew that his father had secrets! However, he refused to believe that his father’s secrets would make him collude with the Skydemon Sect.

“Your mom has always been alive,” said Meng Dajiang with a smile.

Mom... is still alive? Meng Chuan was stunned. He had come here today because of his father’s so-called ‘collusion’ with the Skydemon Sect. However, he received an unbelievable piece of news.

The gentle figure in his memory was still alive?

“Then... the tomb I pay my respects at?” Meng Chuan was stunned.

“It was all a cover-up. We told everyone that we failed to find her bones after she blocked the demons. That’s why we made a cenotaph,” said Meng Dajiang. “However, we lied to the world! Your mother is alive and well. Not only that, but your mother is also a powerful Godfiend! Her name is... Bai Nianyun!”

“Bai Nianyun?” Meng Chuan was alarmed. “Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Grand Yin Holy Maiden, Bai Nianyun?”

Black Sand Grotto-Heaven had five Grand Yin Holy Maidens. All five were Marquis Godfiends. They hoped to become Regis Godfiends. After all, whoever became a Regis Godfiend would control the mysterious Grand Yin Holy Hall.

“Yes, Grand Yin Holy Maiden,” said Meng Dajiang. “Your mother has been a Grand Yin Holy Maiden since she was young. Grand Yin Holy Maidens have to follow many rules. She was ambitious and hardworking. She became a Godfiend and even reached the Great Solar realm. Only when she became a Great Solar Godfiend did she have the right to descend the mountain and travel. After being restrained for 30 years, your mother wanted to break free from the restraints her family clan had placed on her and roam the world freely.

“Therefore, she secretly came to our Great Zhou Dynasty. Here, she ended up meeting me.” Meng Dajiang had a sweet and forlorn smile on his face. “When we first met, I had just finished my military service.”

Meng Chuan listened carefully.

...

At Xiangshan Garden, a group of Godfiends gathered outside the dungeon. Suddenly, they saw a figure appear in the distance. It was a stocky man in purple robes. As he walked over, he exuded a terrifying might.

“Marquis.” All the Godfiends bowed respectfully. These Indestructible Godfiends instinctively felt fear and reverence when facing Marquis Gong Xu.

The man walked over calmly.

The news of Meng Chuan meeting his father in the dungeon reached him immediately! Ignoring the fact that it was late at night, Marquis Gong Xu immediately rushed over.

“Marquis, Senior Brother Meng is still in the dungeon, chatting with his father.”

“Marquis, do you wish to enter?” asked a Godfiend.

Marquis Gong Xu looked at the dungeon entrance and indifferently said, “Let Meng Chuan have a chat with his father.” He stood outside the dungeon and didn’t disturb the duo.

...

Inside the cell.

“That was the first time I discovered that your mother was a Godfiend.” Meng Dajiang smiled. “I was very shocked. Why would a Godfiend be willing to marry a mortal like me? Yet, your mother asked me with a giggle, ‘Dajiang, you are willing to marry me when I’m a mortal. Are you not willing to marry me when I’m a Godfiend?’

“Back then, I immediately answered, ‘Of course I’m willing.’ Your mother said, ‘Dajiang, it’s the same for me! I don’t care if you are a Godfiend or mortal. I’m willing to marry you, Meng Dajiang.’”

Meng Chuan listened carefully and saw the blissful look on his father’s face.

“What did I do to deserve marrying your mother?” said Meng Dajiang. “Back then, I swore that I’d make your mother happier with my life. Your mother also revealed her identity to me. She’s a descendant of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Bai family! The Bai family is a family clan stronger than a Regis Godfiend family clan; it’s one of the top family clans in the world,” said Meng Dajiang. “Bai Nianyun is also a Grand Yin Holy Maiden, and they are forbidden to marry anyone and have to maintain their virginity.

“However, your mother violated all these rules. Once she is exposed, the Bai family will lose face and punish her severely. Since she has violated Grand Yin Holy Hall’s rules, they will also punish her severely.” Meng Dajiang continued, “People from the Bai family may also vent their anger on mortals like our Meng family and I. That’s why I kept it a secret.

“Your mother had always planned to keep it a secret and hide in the Great Zhou Dynasty. She wanted our family of three to be together always.” Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan. “However, when you were six years old, I was working for the family clan. Both you and Nianyun were with me when we encountered a demon invasion! There were demons everywhere as they frantically hunted down humans.

“At that time, your mother had two choices. One choice was to let the demons massacre the humans as she pretended to be a mortal to escape with us. The other choice was to use her Godfiend strength to kill those second Firmament demon monarchs and demon army, forcing them into a retreat. However, the cultivation system for Grand Yin Holy Maidens is unique. Once a Grand Yin Holy Maiden uses their strength, our Great Zhou Dynasty’s Earth Net will definitely realize that it was a Grand Yin Holy Maiden that had taken action. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven would then soon learn of it too.”

Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan. “Your mother chose to save those people. In front of you, she pretended to resist the demons while we ran for our lives. But in reality, your mother swept through the demon army and killed the demon monarchs in the blink of an eye, causing them to flee in terror. That time, your mother saved over 100,000 people. Meng Dajiang said,” The word on the street was that a Godfiend had saved those people, but nobody knew the Godfiend’s name! That Godfiend was your mother.”

Meng Chuan listened silently.

“After exposing her strength, your mother had to return.” Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan. “Your mother left me an Astral Spirit Herb to help you build your Godfiend foundation in the future. Your mother told me that she did not regret the eight years that we spent together. From then on, I’ve never met your mother again.”

Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan. “Those eight years were the happiest time of my life. I understood that I was mortal and that I was too weak. If I were strong enough, even the Bai family wouldn’t dare to underestimate me. Your mother and I could be together openly. Therefore, I tried my best to become stronger! I did my best to become stronger, just for a chance to be with your mother again.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224 - Forgive Me for My Impudence!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 224: Forgive Me for My Impudence!

“I was old and couldn’t accumulate any credit for a chance to enter the Godfiend Blood Pool. Therefore, I chose the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage,” said Meng Dajiang. “Archean Mountain’s inner sect disciples are forbidden from becoming Body Tempering Godfiends. However, outer sect disciples can choose to do so. I felt that, though this cultivation system has only been established for a few centuries, it was bound to be perfected in the future.

“I believed that I could shock the world and make the Bai family think highly of me if I could soar past the limits of this cultivation system and become a Marquis Godfiend. Perhaps your mother and I would be allowed to be together openly...”

Meng Dajiang laughed self-deprecatingly and said, “After decades of hard work, I’m only an Indestructible Godfiend. I haven’t even reached the Great Solar realm—the Body Tempering lineage’s limit—much less soar past the limits.”

“You colluded with the Skydemon Sect just to cultivate?” asked Meng Chuan.

Meng Dajiang nodded gently. “Yes, I did everything to become stronger. I chose to become a Demon Annihilate Guild assassin and collude with the Skydemon to obtain all sorts of resources to make myself stronger.”

“I don’t believe you,” said Meng Chuan.

“Chuan’er, regardless of whether you believe it or not, the evidence is there. What’s the point of denying it?” asked Meng Dajiang. “Back then, I only wanted to become stronger. I wanted to be with your mother and did something wrong. Although I snapped to my senses later and stopped colluding with the Skydemon Sect, it was too late.”

“I don’t believe it.” Meng Chuan stared at his father. “I don’t believe that my father—who served in the military for so many years at a city pass—would collude with the Skydemon Sect. I refuse to believe that you colluded with the Skydemon Sect since you were the one that made me who I am today.

“I don’t believe you. Mother chose to expose her identity and leave us just to kill demon monarchs and save 100,000 people! You loved her so deeply, so why would you do something she is completely opposed to by colluding with the Skydemon Sect?”

Eyes red, Meng Chuan looked at his father. “I believe my eyes. I believe my heart! My eyes and my heart tell me that my father will never collude with the Skydemon Sect. Never!”

“I...” Meng Dajiang looked at Meng Chuan.

“I will prove everything.” Meng Chuan grabbed Meng Dajiang’s arm. His Quintessential Essence wrapped around his father, preventing him from resisting.

“Chuan’er, what are you doing?” asked Meng Dajiang immediately.

Meng Chuan grabbed his father’s arm and left the cell. He continued walking out.

In the dark dungeon, they could see light coming from the distant entrance.

“Chuan’er, don’t be silly,” said Meng Dajiang immediately. “I have no complaints about how they punish me. By doing this...”

Without a word, Meng Chuan circulated his Great Solar Quintessential Essence and sealed his father’s mouth. His father, Meng Dajiang, was immediately rendered speechless.

As the father-son duo walked out, a tall, purple-robed figure suddenly appeared at the entrance of the dungeon. He glared coldly at the father-son duo.

“Uncle-Master.” Meng Chuan grabbed his father’s arm and stopped.

“Meng Chuan, where are you taking your father?” asked Marquis Gong Xu indifferently.

“Since Uncle-Master has already sentenced my father to death and has reported to Archean Mountain, you are just waiting for Archean Mountain to verify his crimes, right?” asked Meng Chuan.

Marquis Gong Xu said, “The evidence is irrefutable. Your father has admitted to it as well. Naturally, he will be dealt with according to Archean Mountain’s rules.”

“The evidence is irrefutable?” Meng Chuan sneered. “Uncle-Master, you are also a Marquis Godfiend. There are many mystic techniques in this world. Controlling the hearts of people? Changing memories? Don’t you know of such methods?”

“There are such means,” said Marquis Gong Xu. “However, your father is an Indestructible Godfiend. Even if someone had altered his memories, they would have to be an existence that has reached the Realm of Dao in illusions. How rare is it for one to reach the Realm of Dao in illusions? Would they deliberately frame your father?”

“The possibility is relatively low,” said Meng Chuan. “But... there’s such a possibility. In that case, can it be considered as irrefutable evidence?”

Marquis Gong Xu said, “This is how Earth Net does things for cases regarding ordinary Godfiends! If every case had to take into account the possibility of tampered memories, it’d be too difficult to find out the truth. Every case requires a powerful Godfiend to investigate carefully. How much effort does it take?”

“Ordinary Godfiend cases? However, my father isn’t an ordinary Godfiend!” refuted Meng Chuan. “He’s my father! Meng Chuan’s father! I suspect that the Skydemon Sect deliberately framed him.”

“A Skydemon Sect plot?” Marquis Gong Xu frowned.

Meng Chuan was certain his father had been framed. His father’s identity was naturally extraordinary since his wife was a Grand Yin Holy Maiden, and his son was a famous Archean Mountain Godfiend.

“Regardless of whether it’s a plot or not, you should report it to Archean Mountain. I believe Archean Mountain will investigate it,” said Marquis Gong Xu.

“Since Godfiends are busy fighting all the time, who would have the mood to investigate cases slowly? Let’s take you as an example. You let Archean Mountain make the final decision. Do you think Archean Mountain will investigate my father’s case carefully?” Meng Chuan shook his head. “I don’t trust other Godfiends. I’ll bring my father to Archean Mountain personally. I’ll keep an eye on this case.”

Marquis Gong Xu frowned. “How can you do that?”

“He’s my father,” said Meng Chuan angrily. “Uncle-Master, don’t stop me today.”

“You’re too impudent.” Marquis Gong Xu was a little angry.

“Then, please forgive me for my impudence!” The moment Meng Chuan finished his sentence—

Boom!

With his father in tow, he transformed into a bolt of lightning and shot into the sky. He left a huge hole in the dungeon’s ceiling as Meng Chuan soared up with his father.

“How dare you!” Marquis Gong Xu transformed into a stream of light and chased after them.

The Godfiends outside the dungeon were somewhat frightened when they saw Meng Chuan and Marquis Gong Xu at odds with each other.

On one side was their Senior Brother Meng Chuan—one of the three most dazzling geniuses of Archean Mountain’s younger generation. In recent years, he had killed countless demon monarchs and demons. Many Godfiends in the Wu State and the Qian State were indebted to him.

On the other side was Marquis Gong Xu. He presided over Wu State! His fame spread far and wide.

The two were now butting heads. How could they, Indestructible Godfiends, dare to make a sound?

“They rushed out?”

“Heavens, he smashed his way out the dungeon?”

Dumbfounded, the Godfiends looked at the huge hole in the dungeon ceiling. Through the huge hole, they could see a bolt of lightning—a distance away—flashing as a stream of light streaked across the sky, clearly much slower than the bolt of lightning.

...

On a tree crown outside Wu State Capital, Meng Chuan grabbed his father’s arm and looked at Marquis Gong Xu—who stood on the city wall without pursuing him. Marquis Gong Xu clearly realized the difference in their speed. Disciple-Nephew Meng is faster than me despite carrying another person?

“Meng Chuan, you are too reckless. There are rules for everything,” roared Marquis Gong Xu through a voice transmission.

“Uncle-Master.” Through a voice transmission, Meng Chuan said, “I know that there are rules for everything, but this matter concerns my father’s innocence and life! I can only be willful in regard to this matter. When I arrive at Archean Mountain, I’ll personally beg Master for forgiveness! However, my father’s case has to be investigated clearly. If my father really colluded with the demons, he deserves death. If my father is innocent, I will definitely clear my father’s name!

“Uncle-Master, it’s my fault. After this matter is settled, I’ll definitely come and apologize personally.”

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning and disappeared into the horizon with his father in tow.

Frustrated and helpless, Marquis Gong Xu stood on top of the city wall as he watched them leave. What could he do? He could not catch up!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225 - Clearing His Name
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 225: Clearing His Name

Meng Chuan grabbed his father’s arm and transformed into lightning as he rushed towards Archean Mountain.

After crossing rivers and mountains, the scenery quickly changed. The father-son duo traveled at high speed.

“Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang sensed his son’s speed. From the side, he could tell how impressive his son was! He was much faster than Marquis Gong Xu despite carrying him. “Chuan’er, there’s really no need to go to Archean Mountain. I don’t wish to embarrass you,” said Meng Dajiang.

Meng Chuan looked at his father before continuing to look ahead with slightly red eyes. He did not want to argue with his father. He was certain of his father’s innocence. He wanted Archean Mountain to clear his father’s name.

I-if father really colluded with the Skydemon Sect, what should I do? With this in mind, Meng Chuan felt a heart-wrenching pain. He didn’t believe his father had committed those crimes.

He must have been framed. My father must be innocent.

...

He and his father traveled 5,000 kilometers. Meng Chuan had a clouded mind the entire journey. Too many distracting thoughts collided with each other, but he soon arrived at Archean Mountain.

“Senior Brother Meng.” The Godfiends guarding the mountain immediately greeted Meng Chuan warmly when they saw him.

“Mmm.” Meng Chuan responded neutrally and rushed towards Grotto-Heaven Pavilion like lightning with his father.

Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s old steward was already waiting. He took the initiative to lead the duo into Grotto-Heaven Pavilion and to a pavilion in the back garden. Supremacy Qin Wu—whose long hair draped over his shoulders—was sitting there drinking tea and reading.

Meng Chuan fell to his knees with a thud. He kowtowed and solemnly said, “I forcefully brought Father from Wu State Capital’s dungeon to Archean Mountain. I know of my crime and am willing to be punished. I only seek Master’s pity. As a son, please investigate the truth behind my father’s collusion with the Skydemon Sect! I only wish for the truth!”

By the side, Meng Dajiang could not help but feel heartache and self-reproach when he saw his son kneel and beg.

“Silly child.” When Supremacy Qin Wu saw this, he sighed gently. “You have protected nearly an entire state for the human race. You have killed countless demons and saved countless people. You have done a great service to all of humanity. How can I allow your father to be sentenced to death for no good reason? Your concern has made you lose your mind.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan lowered his head.

“You rashly took someone to Archean Mountain. On account of your hard work over the years and how deep your relationship is with your father, the punishment will be waived.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan. “You can’t be this rash again in the future. If you’re really worried, just report the matter to me. Don’t tell me you don’t trust me?”

Meng Chuan immediately said, “Of course I trust you, Master.”

Qin Wu looked at Meng Dajiang and said to Meng Chuan, “Wu State has also submitted the evidence of this case. From the evidence, there’s indeed no problem. What do you think of this case?”

“My father-in-law and my father are life-and-death friends. They have known each other for 30 years, and he believes that my father would never collude with the Skydemon Sect,” said Meng Chuan. “My father brought me up. I carefully recalled my childhood, and it only makes me conclude that my father isn’t that kind of person. Now that my father has admitted it... I can only suspect that it’s a result of someone controlling my father’s heart or altering his memories.”

“Controlling heart and altering memories?” Qin Wu nodded slightly. “Your father is a Godfiend. If the other party wanted to do this, they had to have reached the Realm of Dao with illusions at the very least. Seeing through these illusions are even harder. There aren’t even five Godfiends on Archean Mountain that can investigate such foul play.”

Meng Chuan understood. Even Marquis Godfiends—that specialized in illusions—might not be able to discover the truth.

“Now, powerful Godfiends are stationed everywhere,” said Qin Wu. “I can give it a try, but I only have 70 to 80 percent confidence. If I fail, I’ll send you both to look for King Desire Redemption. King Desire Redemption is the best at illusions in Archean Mountain.”

“Thank you, Master.” Meng Chuan was extremely grateful.

After all, his master was a Creation Supremacy. He had a long lifespan and a powerful Essence Soul. He had reached an extremely high and profound level in his cultivation of mystic techniques. If his master said that he was 70 to 80 percent confident, it shouldn’t be a problem.

Qin Wu looked at Meng Dajiang and smiled. “Sit.”

Meng Dajiang smiled and immediately sat on the stool opposite him. Clearly, he was being controlled by Qin Wu.

“Meng Chuan, I need to read your father’s memories to investigate. You won’t mind, right?” asked Qin Wu.

“I don’t mind.” Meng Chuan nodded. Whether it was his master or King Desire Redemption, any investigation of such foul play required going through his father’s memories.

“Even if he finds his memories blurry, they will remain clear amidst the soul.” Qin Wu began scouring through Meng Dajiang’s memories.

Scenes of memories, voices, and images appeared.

Day after day, month after month, year after year... It was a massive endeavor.

Qin Wu diverted his attention as he smiled and said, “Memories are extremely delicate. The events that happened three years ago will often be recalled for the next three years, fusing with other memories. Therefore, if one has a tampered memory, just looking through their memories might reveal a discrepancy.”

Oh? Qin Wu exclaimed in surprise. “Your mother is still alive? Grand Yin Holy Maiden, Bai Nianyun?”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I just learned of it. I don’t even dare to believe it completely.”

“You can believe it.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Dajiang and skimmed through his memories. “Your father and your mother were together for eight years. They have deep feelings for each other, and he has been thinking about her. These memories span decades. It’s impossible for the other party to change all his memories because they need to do it flawlessly. Besides, according to what I know, Bai Nianyun left the mountain and traveled for quite a long time. She also lost contact with Black Sand Grotto-Heaven during that period of time. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven had tried all means to track Bai Nianyun’s whereabouts. There was also a demon invasion when you were six. It was indeed a Grand Yin Holy Maiden who slew the demon monarchs.”

Having read every demon invasion record, Qin Wu naturally remembered it clearly.

My mom, Bai Nianyun? Meng Chuan’s heart trembled.

His master’s words had confirmed the truth.

From the intelligence, Bai Nianyun was only a Marquis Godfiend from Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. In his memories, his mother was a gentle woman.

Oh? Qin Wu frowned slightly as his eyes emitted a faint colorful light that seeped into Meng Dajiang’s body and into his soul.

Meng Chuan held his breath.

After ten minutes, Qin Wu closed his eyes. He then opened his eyes and looked at Meng Chuan. “It’s been confirmed.”

Confirmed? Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up as his heart raced.

“Your father’s memories have indeed been tampered with,” said Qin Wu. “The method used is very brilliant. Back when your mother left, your father tried his best to become stronger. He was even willing to become a Demon Annihilation Guild assassin. The person inserted memories of your father colluding with the Skydemon Sect during this period...

“Furthermore, that person made Meng Dajiang think that he regretted such actions and would not do such a thing again in the future. From then on, Meng Dajiang hid this secret at the bottom of his heart and didn’t wish to mention it to others. He didn’t even want to recall it again! As such, it’s only natural that he seldom recalls such memories. Thus, Meng Dajiang subconsciously believes that he doesn’t want to bring this matter up because he doesn’t wish to recall this unbearable memory.”

Meng Chuan nodded immediately. His father had been wronged! He had been wronged!

“I’ve carefully checked your father’s memories of the past few days. I’ve also compared them to your father’s detailed memories,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “Although the person made your father forget it, the soul isn’t that simple. The person’s illusion skill has probably just reached the Realm of Dao. His understanding of the soul isn’t that deep, so I was still able to find your father’s true memories from recent times.

“I found the person’s appearance.” Qin Wu waved his hand as an illusory figure appeared in front of him. It was an ordinary-looking, gray-robed, middle-aged man.

Meng Chuan stared carefully. It was this person?

“More than a month ago, he met your father and secretly attacked him. Don’t just stare at him like a fool. He definitely changed his appearance,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “However, with your father’s soul watching, it’s as though he saw him with his own eyes. He has already formed some connection with him. This way, I can pry into the heavenly secrets to deduce his identity.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226 - Black Sand Grotto-Heaven
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 226: Black Sand Grotto-Heaven

Meng Chuan was shocked.

With just a glance at a soul’s memories, he could pry into heavenly secrets to deduce somebody’s identity?

Regis Godfiends have all kinds of magical skills. A Creation Supremacy’s techniques are even more unfathomable. With his current strength and status, Meng Chuan only knew about the various skills of Regis Godfiends. He knew very little about Creation Supremacies.

When Qin Wu saw Meng Chuan’s shocked expression, he couldn’t help but smile. “Even I need a precious treasure to pry into heavenly secrets.” With that said, he flipped his hand, and an ancient bronze mirror appeared in his hand. He placed it on the table, closed his eyes as colorful light emitted from his body. Waves of light entered the bronze mirror.

After a while, an image surfaced on the bronze mirror.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan looked in surprise.

Qin Wu opened his eyes and looked at the bronze mirror. An old man with white hair appeared on the bronze mirror. He had a kind expression, but his eyes were deep and unfathomable.

“He’s the one responsible for it,” said Qin Wu. “Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Great Solar Godfiend—Chunyu Mu.”

“Chunyu Mu?” Meng Chuan was shocked. “If I recall correctly, Chunyu Mu should be 178 years old this year! He’s not far from the end of his life. His reputation is also very good. He’s an extremely accomplished Mirage Fiend.”

“Yes.” Qin Wu nodded. “He reached the Realm of Dao when he was 136 years old. He condensed an Essence Soul at the age of 152. Now, his illusions are even more profound and intricate. In the past few years, he has contributed greatly in regards to dealing with demon monarchs.”

Meng Chuan nodded. It was extremely difficult to reach the Realm of Dao and condense an Essence Soul at a young age. That was why Marquis Godfiends were rare. However, past 100 years of age, the number of Godfiends that had reached the Realm of Dao was more than the number of Marquis Godfiends. Zhang Yunfeng, Yang Fang, and Chunyu Mu were examples.

These three were in their 170s and 180s. As an expert that had reached the Realm of Dao with illusions, Chunyu Mu was more useful than Yang Fang.

“Why did he attack my father?” asked Meng Chuan.

“He never knew your father. He’s not related to him, so there’s naturally no reason for him to act,” said Qin Wu. “He’s a Godfiend from Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. Someone with a rather high status in Black Sand Grotto-Heaven likely got Chunyu Mu to take action.”

“A mastermind...” Meng Chuan frowned.

He did not know much about Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

“Your mother, Bai Nianyun, is one of the Bai family’s three Marquis Godfiends. She is also one of the five Grand Yin Holy Maidens. There are too many grudges and disputes amongst them,” said Qin Wu. “Black Sand Grotto-Heaven once split because of internal strife. Even Imperial Lord Black Sand died as a result. Although they are now united against the demons, there is still competition among the factions.

“They are divided according to the different cultivation systems. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven can be divided into the Black Sand faction, the Grand Yin Holy Hall faction, and the Halberd Holy Hall faction. It’s mainly a competition between family clans as they compete for the rights to control Grand Yin Holy Hall and Halberd Holy Hall,” said Qin Wu.

“Rights to control Grand Yin Holy Hall and Halberd Holy Hall? Is it very important?” Meng Chuan was puzzled.

“The Grand Yin Holy Hall Master and Halberd Holy Hall Master will almost definitely become Creation Supremacies.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan. “Do you think it’s important?”

Meng Chuan was shocked.

“There are quite a number of Grand Yin Holy Maiden candidates. One batch after another is eliminated, and now, there are only five left. Your mother is one of them. The last one to be eliminated from the five will become Grand Yin Holy Hall Master,” said Qin Wu. “Therefore, there are too many possible masterminds behind your father’s attack.

“For example... the other Grand Yin Holy Maidens who have a grudge with your mother or knew about the matter between your mother and father. They wanted to take revenge; thus, attacking your father. Or after your mother became a Marquis Godfiend, the Bai family felt that the matter with your father is a stain on their reputation. They wanted to kill your father, but they didn’t want to be too direct and anger Bai Nianyun. Therefore, they indirectly made Archean Mountain take action.

“Your mother, as the Grand Yin Holy Maiden, has many suitors. Some might’ve learned the secret and, out of hate, ordered the attack on your father.” Qin Wu shook his head and said, “The internal politics of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven is a mess. I really can’t figure out who did it. The easiest way is to capture Chunyu Mu and interrogate him.”

“Capture Chunyu Mu?” Meng Chuan’s heart stirred.

“No.” Qin Wu shook his head. “The Godfiends of each sect are under the jurisdiction of their respective factions. We cannot directly capture them. This is an agreement between the three sects.”

“Can we make Black Sand Grotto-Heaven investigate?” asked Meng Chuan.

“Investigate?” Qin Wu shook his head. “Black Sand Grotto-Heaven will definitely side with their Godfiend. Without sufficient evidence, it’s useless.”

“But, Master, you have already deduced his identity by prying into heavenly secrets.” Meng Chuan looked at the bronze mirror.

“Identifying a person by prying into heavenly secrets? There are only three people in the world who can do this. I only managed to do it with the help of a treasure,” said Qin Wu. “It’s mysterious and profound. Without sufficient evidence, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven will only write it off as our Archean Mountain being a troublemaker.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

“The three sects joined forces to fight the demons. However, there is still internal strife between our sects. How can the three sects be completely harmonious?” Qin Wu said, “We are united on major matters, but divided on trivial matters.”

“I understand.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Besides, every Godfiend is very important now. Chunyu Mu is an important piece in their combat force,” said Qin Wu. “They won’t even give up on Chunyu Mu, much less the mastermind who has even higher status.”

Meng Chuan understood. Now that he knew about Chunyu Mu, the mysterious mastermind behind him was most likely from Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

“It’s fine for us to reach this conclusion. When you are strong enough in the future, and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven wishes to seek your help, you will naturally be able to resolve this matter easily,” said Qin Wu.

“Black Sand Grotto-Heaven will seek my help?” Meng Chuan was surprised.

Amongst the three great sects, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven was on par with Archean Mountain. Both sides were even competing against each other in the demon monarch kill tally. The entire sect would seek the help of a Godfiend from the opposing side?

“Once your Essence Soul reaches the seventh level. They will definitely seek your help,” said Qin Wu.

“Seventh-level Essence Soul?” Meng Chuan felt a little embarrassed. “I’m still far from that.”

“You are still young. There’s hope,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “Let’s put this matter aside for now. I’ll write a letter to Black Sand Grotto-Heaven to pursue this matter. As for you, prepare well because... a large number of demon monarchs will enter the human world soon.”

“A large number of demon monarchs?” Meng Chuan was alarmed.

Qin Wu nodded. “According to our investigations, ten percent of the Demon Realm’s third Firmament demon monarchs will enter the human world.”

“Ten percent?!” Meng Chuan was alarmed.

Since his father’s innocence had been proven, he could only leave the matters with Black Sand Grotto-Heaven aside. Demons took top priority.

“The intelligence can’t be wrong,” said Qin Wu. “You and your wife need to be prepared at all times. The two of you are in charge of nearly an entire state.”

“Don’t worry, Master. I will do my best,” said Meng Chuan.

“Okay, bring your father back,” said Qin Wu with a smile.

Meng Dajiang—who was sitting there—snapped to his senses. When he saw Qin Wu, he immediately knelt and gratefully said, “Thank you for saving me, Supremacy.”

Now that he had regained his memories, he understood everything. Saying that he colluded with the Skydemon Sect was worse than killing him.

“You have to thank your son,” said Qin Wu.

An ordinary Indestructible Godfiend case wasn’t qualified to be investigated by Supremacy Qin Wu—who controlled the entire Archean Mountain—personally. After all, Qin Wu was a busy man. He nurtured disciples, handled important matters, and cultivated... It ate up a lot of his time. In fact, normal cases wouldn’t involve experts like Chunyu Mu.

“Master, I’ll be leaving the mountain,” said Meng Chuan gratefully.

“Go ahead.” Qin Wu nodded.

Meng Chuan immediately left with his father, Meng Dajiang.

As for Qin Wu, with a wave of his hand, a brush, paper, and an inkstone appeared on the table. He began writing and sent the finished letter to Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227 - Bai Yaoyues Rage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 227: Bai Yaoyue’s Rage

Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s headquarters was situated in a grotto-heaven world—mortals would never find the entrance from the outside world.

This grotto-heaven spanned 2,500 kilometers.

In a towering hall, Black Sand Grotto Lord sat cross-legged behind a table as he flipped through dossiers. The white-haired Chunyu Mu obediently waited by the side.

“Do you know what you did wrong?” Black Sand Grotto Lord raised his head to glance at Chunyu Mu.

“Master, I don’t know.” Chunyu Mu raised his head.

Black Sand Grotto Lord grunted coldly. “You were the one who attacked the Great Zhou Dynasty’s Meng Dajiang from Eastcalm Prefecture, right? You framed him so that it looked like he colluded with the Skydemon Sect?”

“Grotto Lord, I don’t know Meng Dajiang at all,” said Chunyu Mu immediately. He had a kind expression, and he spoke very sincerely.

Sigh.

Black Sand Grotto Lord looked at Chunyu Mu and couldn’t help but shake his head. “To be honest, Archean Mountain’s Creation Supremacy personally wrote a letter. He said that he found out that you were the one who framed Meng Dajiang.”

“No, definitely not,” said Chunyu Mu as he shook his head. “Archean Mountain must have made a mistake.”

“You think a Creation Supremacy is framing you?” Black Sand Grotto Lord looked at him.

“They must have made a mistake,” said Chunyu Mu. “I didn’t do it. If they think otherwise, please get them to show the evidence. If they do, I’ll accept the punishment accordingly. If they don’t have evidence, I find it ridiculous that they are just blindly accusing me. I will not accept such an accusation.”

Black Sand Grotto Lord looked at him.

Chunyu Mu was very calm. He was already 178 years old. In addition, he had used forbidden Godfiend spells many times throughout the years. He only had about ten years left. With the present situation in the world, he probably wouldn’t be able to live for more than ten years if he frequently fought demons.

Being close to death, he didn’t have much baggage. He would not admit to his actions! As a Mirage Fiend who had reached the Realm of Dao, he did things very cleanly. It was impossible for the other party to produce any evidence.

“Alright. I will report to the Supremacy about the letter from Archean Mountain Lord’s Creation Supremacy.” Black Sand Grotto Lord stood up. “Follow me.”

“Yes.” Chunyu Mu obediently followed.

Whoosh. Whoosh.

After leaving the hall, Black Sand Grotto Lord flew up with Chunyu Mu. After flying for hundreds of kilometers, they arrived at the peak of a tall mountain. Countless clouds swirled around the mountain peak and many buildings on it.

A white-robed woman cultivated as she sat cross-legged on the highest platform of a nine-story building. A gigantic crescent phantom appeared behind her. The silver crescent emitted a cold moonlight that scattered everywhere.

Grand Yin Suspended Moon? Chunyu Mu was secretly alarmed when he saw this scene from afar.

The five Grand Yin Holy Maidens were Marquis Godfiends. The Grand Yin Suspended Moon phenomena they produced were only about ten feet wide. But, the gigantic crescent moon in front of Chunyu Mu sent chills down his spine.

It’s Supremacy Bai Yaoyue. Chunyu Mu realized who had produced the phenomenon. He knew that Supremacy Bai Yaoyue had been Grand Yin Holy Hall Master when she was a Regis Godfiend. After she became a Creation Supremacy, she naturally resigned from her position as Grand Yin Holy Hall Master.

Black Sand Grotto Lord flew up the nine-story building with Chunyu Mu, but they waited silently at the edge.

Bai Yaoyue finally stopped her cultivation. The phenomenon in the air vanished, and she opened her eyes to look at the two of them.

“What’s the matter?” asked Bai Yaoyue coldly.

“Supremacy, it’s a letter from Archean Mountain’s Supremacy Qin Wu.” Black Sand Grotto Lord respectfully handed the letter to Bai Yaoyue. “I’ve also asked Chunyu Mu, but he refuses to admit that he framed Meng Dajiang.”

“Qin Wu?” Bai Yaoyue took the letter and read it. She sneered. “A deduction after prying into heavenly secrets? This Qin Wu is becoming more and more ridiculous. Without sufficient evidence, he wants to touch a Godfiend of my Black Sand Grotto-Heaven? He can dream on.”

“Yes, that’s what I thought as well,” said Black Sand Grotto Lord.

“Ignore them.” Bai Yaoyue said calmly, “You can leave first. Chunyu Mu, stay behind.”

“Yes.” Black Sand Grotto Lord obediently departed.

Only then did Bai Yaoyue’s gaze land on Chunyu Mu. Chunyu Mu specialized in illusions, so he placed great importance on his mental cultivation! His willpower was also extremely strong. He was able to face Black Sand Grotto Lord without panicking, but when Supremacy Bai Yaoyue’s gaze landed on him, he felt as though he was in a freezing-cold snow plain. The bone-chilling cold entered his body and drilled into his Essence Soul.

His Essence Soul was trembling.

So cold!

He felt like a mortal—wearing a single shirt—standing in a cold river during winter. It was so cold that even Chunyu Mu’s Essence Soul could not withstand it.

“Speak, who instigated you to carry out the attack?” Bai Yaoyue asked.

“I really didn’t do it.” Chunyu Mu gritted his teeth.

There was a look of appreciation in Bai Yaoyue’s eyes. However, the invisible force became even more terrifying as it seeped into Chunyu Mu’s Essence Soul. She calmly said, “Let me ask you one last time. Who ordered you to do this? If you don’t answer, die.”

Chunyu Mu shuddered. He had a feeling that if he didn’t admit it, Supremacy Bai Yaoyue would really kill him.

“I-it was Marquis Martial Yang,” said Chunyu Mu finally. “He knows about Meng Dajiang and Aunt-Master Bai. In his jealousy, he asked me to teach Meng Dajiang a lesson. He also had me give him a chance of survival. He didn’t let me kill him directly.”

“For the sake of love?” Bai Yaoyue sneered. “Send a message to Marquis Martial Yang. Tell him to patrol the various prefectures and counties in Tang State six times a day from today onwards! This lasts for three years. He must not skip a single day!”

“Yes,” replied Chunyu Mu respectfully.

Most Marquis Godfiends had a limit to their speed. It would take Marquis Godfiend two hours to travel to every prefecture and county in a state if everything went smoothly. Six times? Marquis Martial Yang would probably spend half a day patrolling Tang State every day.

In the past, he awaited mobilization orders. Now, he was patrolling six times a day! It was indeed much more tiring.

“As for you, I’ll change your Godfiend team. It’ll be harder for you in the next few years,” Bai Yaoyue said calmly. “Alright, you may leave.”

“Yes.” Chunyu Mu let out a sigh of relief and quickly left.

Soon, the surroundings returned to normal. Bai Yaoyue remained seated in the lotus position.

Useless bums. Marquis Martial Yang, if you had killed him directly, I would still be impressed by your guts. Bai Yaoyue scoffed as a cold glint flashed in her eyes. Meng Dajiang? Meng Dajiang? An ant-like thing that’s a scourge on Nianyun. Damn it! If I hadn’t promised Nianyun, Meng Dajiang and the entire Meng family would have been wiped out a long time ago.

Nianyun is the most outstanding descendant of my Bai family in all these years. Back then, she became a Great Solar Godfiend at such a young age. Yet, she lost her virginity because of a mortal. After losing her virginity, her cultivation efficiency with the Grand Yin cultivation system is greatly reduced.

Even so, Nianyun still became a Marquis Godfiend before she turned 60 years old. If she were still a virgin, she would’ve probably become a Marquis before she was 40. She would even have a chance of becoming a Regis Godfiend and control Grand Yin Holy Hall. Then, she would have a chance to become a Supremacy in the future. Bai Yaoyue’s eyes were filled with anger. If not for that ant-like Meng Dajiang, my Black Sand Grotto-Heaven might’ve had another Supremacy.

Nianyun’s chances of becoming a Regis Godfiend are slim. Even if she succeeds, she will be very old. Bai Yaoyue shook her head. Her chance of becoming a Supremacy was destroyed just like that.

Foolish. Bai Yaoyue became more furious the more she thought about it.

How many years had it been since the Bai family had produced such a promising seedling? A mortal had tarnished a genius Grand Yin Holy Maiden at the Great Solar realm. Bai Yaoyue was so angry that she nearly vomited blood back then!

Even after losing her virginity, Bai Nianyun still became a Marquis Godfiend before she turned 60 years old. This made Bai Yaoyue even angrier!

To achieve so much even after losing her virginity, just how impressive would Bai Nianyun be if she had stayed a virgin? She would definitely be much stronger than the other four Grand Yin Holy Maidens.

Meng Dajiang? You’re really lucky to have escaped this calamity. Bai Yaoyue closed her eyes and couldn’t be bothered to think about the matter further. She was an extremely proud person. She had promised Bai Nianyun that she wouldn’t attack the Meng family.

As the youngest Supremacy in the world—whose strength ranked in the top three—Bai Yaoyue was extremely proud to the core. She spent most of her time cultivating, hoping to reach the legendary Grand Yin Imperial Lord realm. With such strength, she could win the war single-handedly.

For a trivial character like Meng Dajiang, although she was angry, she didn’t care too much about him.

Would humans care much about ants?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228 - A Target In This Life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

Inside the manor, the fat Meng Dajiang was playing with his grandson and granddaughter.

“Grandpa, hug.”

“Grandpa, hug me, hug me.”

The two children argued. Meng Dajiang carried one child in each hand and teased them.

By the side, Liu Yebai was lying flat on a reclining chair. He was very relaxed. “It’s so much easier for me now that you are here. These two little fellows are really a handful. They make a scene day and night. Yet, I won’t be at ease if I let the servants serve them.”

“Alright, alright, leave it to me in the future.” Meng Dajiang didn’t feel tired at all. He carefully teased the two children. “Little Youyou, come, kiss Grandpa.”

The elder sister, Meng You, immediately smiled and kissed him hard. Her younger brother immediately kissed Meng Dajiang and glared at his sister.

“Haha...” Meng Dajiang laughed especially happily.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue saw everything through the window.

“Originally, everything was going well, but he was suddenly framed. I’m still worried about my father,” said Meng Chuan. “From the looks of it, he’s in a good mood.”

“Ah Chuan,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “You’re underestimating Father-in-law too much. When he was young, he served in the military for ten years. He fought many life-and-death battles. He joined the Demon Annihilation Guild for so many years and has been in charge of Earth Net’s intelligence network in Eastcalm Prefecture for the past few years. He has seen countless tragic events. Compared to those, the accusation this time was a trivial matter. Of course, he wouldn’t be too affected by it.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly. “I’m relieved that Dad is in a good mood.”

“What are your thoughts about Mother-in-law?” Liu Qiyue suddenly asked.

“My mother?” Meng Chuan looked to the northwest. Wu State’s Gu Mountain Prefecture was located in the Great Zhou Dynasty’s southeast region. Black Sand Dynasty was west of the Great Zhou Dynasty. “I never expected my mother to be a Grand Yin Holy Maiden of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven,” said Meng Chuan. “She’s now a Marquis Godfiend, but our family can’t reunite.”

“Is there really no other way?” asked Liu Qiyue. “When we were eating last night, I could sense that Father-in-law really wants a family reunion.”

“Grand Yin Holy Maidens are not allowed to marry and have to maintain their virginity unless they become Grand Yin Holy Hall Master or are stripped of their status as Grand Yin Holy Maiden. This is a public rule of Grand Yin Holy Hall,” said Meng Chuan. “Since my mother’s matter is still a secret to the public, Grand Yin Holy Hall can feign ignorance. However, once my mom wishes to reunite with my dad, the secret of my mother’s early marriage cannot be kept a secret, especially when I—her son—am already in my thirties. According to Grand Yin Holy Hall’s rules, my mom must be punished...”

“Also, the person behind everything is Supremacy Bai Yaoyue.” Meng Chuan said, “If Supremacy Bai Yaoyue doesn’t agree, my mother won’t dare to leave Black Sand Dynasty.”

“Supremacy Bai Yaoyue? How is this Supremacy’s personality?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“I only heard that she’s cold and stern. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Godfiends fear her,” said Meng Chuan.

“Cold and stern?” Liu Qiyue frowned.

Meng Chuan softly said, “My father was framed this time. Although I’m angry, I haven’t found out who the mastermind is yet. However, I’m very happy. Firstly, my father is safe and sound. Secondly, I now know that my mother is still alive.”

Liu Qiyue hugged Meng Chuan’s arm and gently leaned against him.

“I’m really happy that my mom is alive.” Meng Chuan’s eyes turned slightly red. “I have another goal in my life—to reunite my family so that my parents can be together without obstruction.”

“You can definitely do it,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Suddenly—

A bamboo tube flew over from outside. Meng Chuan raised his head and waved his hand. The bamboo tube landed in his palm. The avian demon monarch only flew away when it saw Meng Chuan receive the letter.

Meng Chuan pulled out a letter from the bamboo tube.

“Who sent the letter?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“It’s from Wu State’s Xiangshan Garden.” Meng Chuan looked at the letter and said, “It’s requesting my father to return to Eastcalm Prefecture City as soon as possible to hand over all Earth Net matters completely.”

“Didn’t Father-in-law resign from his Earth Net position? Could it be that the people in charge didn’t manage to hand over matters completely?” Liu Qiyue was puzzled.

Meng Chuan smiled. “I’ll personally send my dad back.”

...

That afternoon, Meng Chuan brought his father, Meng Dajiang, back to Eastcalm Prefecture City.

“These are the intelligence dossiers I left in my residence.” Meng Dajiang pushed out a cart of dossiers and handed them over. “I collected them deliberately. Logically speaking, my subordinates should have a copy of the dossiers. There is more than one copy of every dossier.”

“I’ve just taken over. I’m familiarizing myself with many matters. I need two sets of information to compare.” The thin middle-aged man smiled.

Meng Dajiang nodded.

Meng Chuan said in surprise, “A Great Solar Godfiend is now managing a prefecture’s Earth Net?”

“Senior Brother Meng, you might not know.” The thin middle-aged man was much more humble and respectful when speaking to Meng Chuan. “The Godfiend teams that guarded the various prefectures have all been disbanded.”

“Disbanded?” Meng Chuan was surprised. He really didn’t know of such events.

“All outer sect Great Solar Godfiends will enter Earth Net,” said the thin middle-aged man. “I’m also one of them. We are no longer in charge of fighting. Instead, we only deal with intelligence and investigation.”

Meng Chuan frowned slightly.

The number of Great Solar Godfiends in the Great Zhou Dynasty numbered about 2000. However, all the outer sect Great Solar Godfiends had joined Earth Net? There would be far fewer Great Solar Godfiends fighting the demons now.

“Weak inner sect Great Solar Godfiends don’t have to participate in battles either,” said the thin middle-aged man. “Only the captain of my former team was transferred to a new team.”

“Oh?” Meng Chuan pondered. He and Liu Qiyue were too powerful, so they weren’t affected. In fact, many Godfiend teams had been disbanded and reassembled recently.

Could it be related to the large-scale invasion of demon monarchs? From his master, Supremacy Qin Wu, Meng Chuan knew that the demons were about to send demon monarchs in the human world en masse. The number of demon monarchs entering the human world would far exceed the present number. However, Archean Mountain’s strategy was to reduce the number of Godfiend teams?

...

That night, Meng Chuan brought his father back to Gu Mountain Prefecture City. The elders of the Meng family could manage the family clan’s matters properly, so Meng Dajiang spent his time taking care of his two grandchildren with Liu Yebai.

...

The Godfiend teams were split up, and elite Godfiend teams were formed.

As usual, Meng Chuan and his wife received rescue missions every few days. In this “peaceful period,” the upper echelons of the human race were extremely tense.

“Keep an eye out. Report to me anytime there’s any movement.” At Jade Origins Pass, Marquis Southcloud gave his orders in his mansion.

“Yes, Marquis.” Earth Net personnel were extremely respectful toward him. They were responsible for monitoring the medium-sized World Entrance at Jade Origins Pass.

Jade Origins Pass originally had hundreds of thousands of people living there. However, it had long turned into a desolate city since the Great Relocation Plan had been implemented. Marquis Southcloud and company were hidden within the city pass.

It wasn’t just Marquis Southcloud. Many other Archean Mountain Marquis Godfiends were guarding medium-sized city passes. This was because the humans’ upper echelons were certain that the demons would launch a large-scale invasion! Naturally, killing them as they entered the human world was the most efficient. Meng Chuan—who was still a Great Solar Godfiend—didn’t participate in this interception mission.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229 - The Sloppy Elder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The vast Demon Realm.

Above the clouds, a large ship soared high in the sky. Its speed exceeded Meng Chuan’s limits. Two figures stood on the deck of the ship.

A single-horned, black-haired man stood there as though he was the center of the world. Space and time revolved around him.

The other figure was a white-robed, azure-haired man—who was clearly respectful to the black-haired man. Azure scales could barely be seen beneath his clothes. His eyes held more arrogance than the black-haired man. He was a demon sage.

“Your Majesty, there are over 300 third Firmament demon monarchs on the warship. Of them, 53 can reach the fourth Firmament at any time. The remaining demon monarchs are either at the threshold of the fourth Firmament or have powerful divine powers,” said the white-robed, azure-haired man softly, “We spent five years gathering all of them. Now that we are sending them to the human world, no accidents must occur. They are the true core of the army.”

“Nothing will go wrong.” The black-haired, single-horned man had a gentle smile on his face. “This time, your second brother will personally receive you.”

“Second Brother will receive us?” The white-robed, azure-haired man was astonished. “Your Majesty, Second Brother infiltrated the human world over 80 years ago by possessing a weak demon monarch’s body. Has his strength returned to the demon sage realm?”

“A possessed body is ultimately inferior to a true body.” The black-haired man shook his head. “He infiltrated the human world to cultivate in seclusion. After more than 80 years, he has finally recovered to the fifth Firmament. With his technique realm and the treasures we bestowed him, no one can threaten him other than Creation Supremacies.”

The white-robed, azure-haired man nodded. “Possession is indeed a forbidden technique. The Imperial Lords had chosen the most suitable body for Second Brother, but it still had flaws.”

“No matter how good the body is, it’s still inferior to one’s original body,” said the black-haired, single-horned man. “In theory, one can only reach their original strength with a possessed body. It’s impossible for him to improve any further.”

“Yes. Second Brother has sacrificed too much for the demons.” The azure-haired man sighed.

After a while, the warship landed on the ground. Many demon monarchs got off the warship in puzzlement.

“Your Majesty.” When they saw the two figures standing far away, they immediately bowed respectfully. They all knew the single-horned, black-haired man. He was one of the demon’s supreme Imperial Lords—Imperial Lord Starquix. Imperial Lords could live up to 10,000 years, and their strength far exceeded the imagination of ordinary demon monarchs. They ruled the demon world for a very, very long time.

“Up ahead is the World Entrance. It leads to the human world.” Imperial Lord Starquix commanded the demon monarchs. “Set off!”

“Yes.” All the demon monarchs responded in unison. They had long prepared for their venture into the human world. They knew the critical moment had arrived. They naturally followed the order and entered the World Entrance swiftly.

...

A hot summer day in the Great Yue Dynasty.

“Cough, cough.” A sloppy elder with a walking stick coughed as he came to a city pass. This was one of the abandoned medium-sized city passes. It was dead silent.

The sloppy old man’s eyes turned yellow as he admired the world.

“This world sure is beautiful. It’s suitable for us demons to live in,” praised the sloppy elder. He walked into the desolate city with his walking stick and scanned his surroundings. “This city hides a Marquis Godfiend and five Indestructible Godfiends. From the looks of it, Two World Island values this place quite a bit.”

This sloppy old man was the strongest demon in the human world. However, he still needed to be extremely careful because once Creation Supremacies discovered his existence, he would be finished. Therefore, he only took action when it was extremely important.

For example, this time...

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

At the city pass, one demon monarch after another exited the World Entrance.

“Marquis, demon monarchs discovered.”

“Demon monarchs have entered the human world.”

The five Indestructible Godfiends in charge of monitoring the World Entrance immediately discovered demon monarchs.

“Oh?” Killing intent filled a cold, black-robed man’s eyes. As a Marquis Godfiend, he could easily slaughter these third Firmament demon monarchs.

However, at that moment...

Not good. The black-robed man suddenly sensed something. Without any time to dodge, a thin hand reached out from the void and grabbed at the black-robed man.

Puff! Puff! Puff!

The black-robed man’s body was covered with layers of protective forces. These protective forces were a Darkstar domain manifestation. Its ability to weaken attacks was extremely powerful. These hundreds of layers of protective forces combined together to resist the thin hand. However, the thin hand easily tore through the protective layers.

This crushing sensation made the black-robed man extremely alarmed. Which Regis Godfiend is it?

Even the two fifth Firmament Skydemons from the Skydemon Sect couldn’t overwhelm him so easily. After all, the Skydemon cultivation system was relatively weak compared to the demon monarch and Godfiend cultivation systems. He also didn’t even think that his assailant was possibly a demon monarch because nobody in the human world had ever seen a fifth Firmament demon monarch. Furthermore, this hand looked human. It didn’t emit a demonic aura, so the black-robed man thought it was a Regis Godfiend attacking him.

In the past, human sects had fought each other. However, they had put on a united front against the demons for the past 800 years. Furthermore, he was a Marquis Godfiend. He was an extremely important fighting force in the war. Which Regis Godfiend was bold and crazy enough to kill a Marquis Godfiend? Wasn’t he afraid of being punished by the three sects?

Pfft.

Although the black-robed man brandished his saber, the thin hand sent the saber flying with a flick of a finger. The flick also sliced through the black-robed man’s neck.

The black-robed man’s head flew up, his eyes filled with anger and disbelief.

Marquis Barn Wood from Two World Island died in battle.

Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu! Pu!

The five Indestructible Godfiends had their heads pierced by an invisible force. They died on the spot. There were no more living humans within 50 kilometers of the city pass.

Human world. Over 300 third Firmament demon monarchs entered the human world. They were extremely excited.

“This is the Great Yue Dynasty’s Wind Wood Pass. Follow our original plan and act separately.” An elderly voice sounded in the ears of every demon monarch. Following that, the sloppy elder left silently. He did not make further contact with the demon monarchs. He protected these demon monarchs successfully.

These demon monarchs had assigned destinations. They would be scattered across the world and become the core of the demon army.

...

Infiltration, interception, counterattack...

This had occurred without people knowing of it!

Meng Chuan and his wife hadn’t noticed it because the third Firmament demon monarchs weren’t really familiar with their surroundings and had yet to launch a large-scale attack.

Whoosh~

Engulfed in flames, Liu Qiyue sat cross-legged in a chamber. Suddenly, the flames changed slightly and turned golden. They surged violently and condensed into the shape of a phoenix. Following that, the flames retreated into Liu Qiyue’s body as the phenomenon vanished. Liu Qiyue opened her eyes and rushed out of the chamber with delight.

“Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue entered the house.

Meng Chuan was flipping through a book in bed. He smiled at Liu Qiyue. “Your cultivation ended so early?”

“I broke through,” Liu Qiyue said excitedly.

“Broke through?” Meng Chuan was surprised.

“I’ve reached the Realm of Dao!” Liu Qiyue was extremely excited.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230 - Eruption
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Realm of Dao?” Meng Chuan looked at his wife and couldn’t help but feel delighted. Now that the world was chaotic, he naturally hoped for his wife to become stronger.

“It’s all thanks to that phoenix feather you gave me, Ah Chuan,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “Ever since I absorbed the phoenix feather’s power, my bloodline has become purer, and my affinity with fire has grown. I finally reached the Realm of Dao today.”

Meng Chuan nodded and smiled. “Continue working hard. Quickly condense an Essence Soul and become a Marquis Godfiend.”

“The phoenix flames have the power of life. They can heal me and nurture the Essence Soul,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “Even if I don’t seek answers from my inner self, I will naturally nurture an Essence Soul in a decade or two.”

“That’s too slow. Work hard to condense an Essence Soul in three years,” said Meng Chuan.

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue smiled and nodded. However, she knew that condensing an Essence Soul wasn’t easy.

...

In a village fort.

“Clan Leader, our Earth Net is spread throughout the world. I can tell you with certainty that demon monarch attacks on village forts will become more and more common. Thousands of people are gathered in village forts. The demon monarchs will definitely target them first. Therefore, give up the village forts and move out. Let the clansmen live separately.” An Earth Net officer tried to persuade the people living here to leave.

The clan leader and several clan elders looked at each other.

“Our Li clan has lived here for more than a thousand years. How can we give up our ancestral land so easily?”

“There have been very few demon monarch attacks recently. If the demon monarchs come, we can hide in the tunnels until the Godfiends rescue us.”

“Where are we going to stay after leaving the village fort? Can we enter the cities?”

The clan leader and elders spoke one after another.

The Earth Net officer sighed. “The prices of land and houses in the city are getting higher and higher. If you want to move to the city, you will have to rely on yourself. My suggestion for moving out is to live separately... A large village fort will be divided into hundreds of small villages. We are currently persuading various village forts to move. Quite a few have started moving.

“The number of demon monarchs is ultimately fewer than mortals. There are occasional attacks in a county. It’s even less likely for them to attack a small village. This is the only solution,” advised the Earth Net officer.

“Small village? Does that mean we have to leave things up to fate? Being targeted by a demon monarch means death,” said an elder.

“In a county, there are tens of thousands of small villages scattered everywhere. The chances of encountering a demon monarch are very low,” said the Earth Net officer. “This is already the safest solution. In fact, the more scattered you are, the lower the chances of being attacked. The more people that gather, the likelier it is to encounter a demon monarch. Demon monarchs will easily slaughter you if you stay as a large group.

“It’ll be difficult for demon monarchs to find you if thousands of people are scattered everywhere. Staying here will just quicken the slaughter,” said the Earth Net officer. “Against demon monarchs, village forts are useless. They’re just large graveyards.”

...

“Let’s move. Archean Mountain has its reasons for persuading the various village forts. Let’s move first. If we discover that it’s not as dangerous as Archean Mountain says, we’ll move back. I believe no one will occupy our fort.”

“Let’s move.”

...

“Young people should leave. I’m already so old. I’ll die in our ancestral land.”

“Us old fogies aren’t moving too.”

...

For the past few days, many village forts across the world were persuaded to relocate. Archean Mountain, Two World Island, and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven were very influential within their respective dynasties. Most of the villagers in village forts began to move away.

Those that were capable would directly enter a city. After all, a village fort contained thousands of people. Experts also lived in those village forts.

Those who did not have the capability split up and moved to scattered villages. Some moved to secluded areas. It was normal for three to five families to live in seclusion deep within the mountains.

...

19th July.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue continued cultivating in the mountain forest outside the city.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The couple streaked across the sky and flew out of the city. When they left the city, they saw a large number of houses outside the city walls. Clearly, many of the villagers from the village forts were unable to enter the city and stayed outside the city.

“Archean Mountain has been asking village forts to migrate for the past few months. The people unable to enter the city end up staying outside the city,” said Meng Chuan.

“It’s not easy to stay outside the city either. They also need to buy food. Food is very expensive now. In just a few months, the price has doubled,” said Liu Qiyue. “Many people in the city can’t afford it anymore. More and more people are willing to risk their lives to farm.”

The duo landed in the forest.

“A few small villages recently moved to this mountain forest. A kilometer to our east is a small village with over ten households,” said Liu Qiyue. “More people will probably move here soon. This mountain forest might not be suitable for our cultivation in the future.”

“I’ll find another place later.” Meng Chuan stood under the tree. With a thought, the tree leaves rustled as Meng Chuan instantly drew his saber and slashed.

His wife reaching the Realm of Dao was a form of motivation for Meng Chuan.

He continued to cultivate harder.

Swoosh! Swoosh!

The saber whistled. As Yin-Yang transformations occurred constantly, Meng Chuan slashed out with his saber at an extremely fast speed. As he did this, Meng Chuan vaguely sensed the Yin-Yang transformation’s unique rhythm. Under this rhythm, extreme Yin transformed into Yang. Extreme Yang then transformed into Yin! This caused his saber to move even faster! The force behind his previous strike lulled into his next strike, causing his saber to move extremely fast.

Oh? Meng Chuan stared blankly at the fallen leaves on the ground. This time, more than half of the fallen leaves had been split apart.

This is the feeling. Meng Chuan was excited as he executed his saber art again, but he could no longer find the rhythm.

Since I can do it once, I can do it again. I finally see hope of achieving Saber Dao. Previously, he had been at a loss with his saber training, but now, he had finally realized the direction he needed to head.

At the Saber Dao realm, his saber arts were terrifyingly fast, yet it was perfectly controlled.

Yin and Yang had an intricate and profound relationship. Once one found the rhythm, a wonderful feeling would flow over them.

Huh? Meng Chuan executed his saber art over and over again. An hour later, he suddenly felt a burning sensation near his chest. His expression immediately changed as he took out his Patroller token. He immediately saw a lit spot on the Patroller Token. Following that, a second spot lit up.

“Two places are requesting help.” Liu Qiyue flashed to Meng Chuan’s side as she held her Patroller token.

“Let’s set off,” said Meng Chuan. Just as he said that, a third spot lit up on his Patroller token.

Astonished, the couple looked at each other. They knew something was amiss. So many requests for help in a short period of time...

It was very abnormal.

“Let’s go.” Meng Chuan immediately streaked across the sky with his wife.

Meng Chuan’s Patroller token continued to stay hot as he traveled. The couple saw areas on their Patroller tokens light up one after another. It went from three, five, ten, twenty, thirty...

“Over 30 requests for help and the number is still increasing! The demons are attacking nearly all the county cities on a large scale.” Liu Qiyue looked at her Patroller token and felt a little flustered.

“We’ll sweep across the closest county cities first.” Meng Chuan also understood that his master’s information was correct. Ten percent of the Demon Realm’s third Firmament demon monarchs had been sent into the human world. After receiving so many requests for help, he understood why the Godfiend teams had been disbanded and reformed, as well as why all the people in village forts had to relocate.

The war between humans and demons had truly begun at this moment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231 - Meeting Yan Jin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue saw smoke rising from several places in the distant county city. Three demon monarchs were wreaking havoc and massacring the population.

Liu Qiyue instantly drew her bow in midair and strung three arrows.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three flame streams streaked across the sky. Liu Qiyue’s arrows were much faster than before. While shocked, the three distance demon monarchs attempted to dodge. However, all of a sudden, the arrows changed directions unpredictably and penetrated the demon monarchs’ heads.

“They are all third Firmament demon monarchs. However, they are very mediocre. They can’t even dodge my arrows,” said Liu Qiyue via voice transmission. “Next.”

Swoosh. Meng Chuan grabbed his wife and traveled to their next destination as he sent a voice transmission. “Qiyue, your archery skills have improved greatly after reaching the Realm of Dao. Very few third Firmament demon monarchs can avoid your arrows.”

The couple worked together.

The nearby county cities were very close to each other. On average, they were only a few dozen kilometers away. Meng Chuan arrived at each city with roughly ten leaps.

Whenever they arrived at a county city, Liu Qiyue shot her arrows! Meng Chuan didn’t need to take action because Liu Qiyue easily killed them.

Huh?

“They have fled?”

“The demon monarchs have retreated?”

Meng Chuan and his wife rescued seven county cities. After killing 23 demon monarchs, they rushed to other county cities. However, the demon monarchs had already retreated.

...

“Demon monarchs in seven counties have been wiped out quickly. It’s suspected that a Regis Godfiend is passing by. He’s extremely fast. Everyone in the surroundings, retreat!”

A white-furred lion demon monarch clearly grasped the situation of all demon monarchs in Wu State. He immediately ordered all demon monarchs in the five surrounding prefectures around Gu Mountain Prefecture to retreat.

...

“The demon monarchs have retreated?” Liu Qiyue discovered that no demon monarchs could be seen in the county city they arrived at.

“We probably killed them too quickly. The demons sensed the danger,” said Meng Chuan. “There wasn’t even a single elite demon monarch among the 23 third Firmament demon monarchs that we killed. It’s odd...”

“A lot of demon monarchs should have entered the human world. They only sent out ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs to attack. The stronger demon monarchs aren’t in a hurry to take action,” said Liu Qiyue.

Meng Chuan frowned and nodded. “It’ll be troublesome in the future.”

Meng Chuan and his wife continued to investigate the surrounding areas. They discovered that the places which had requested for help were now safe. The couple saved many other county cities because they had killed too many demon monarchs in a short period of time.

“The spots on the Patroller token are disappearing one by one.” Meng Chuan and his wife stood on the peak of a tall mountain. They watched the spots on their Patroller tokens disappear one by one. Archean Mountain had withdrawn the requests for help. Clearly, the other places were now safe.

Huh? Meng Chuan and his wife’s expressions suddenly changed. A purple spot suddenly appeared on their Patroller tokens.

Normal requests for help were red. A purple spot was of higher priority than red spots. If one appeared, Patrollers had to rescue the area which the purple spot denoted before they could rescue other areas.

“An emergency request for help! It’s 365 kilometers away in Qian State.” Meng Chuan grabbed his wife’s arm and immediately leaped towards Qian State.

The couple headed west.

Meng Chuan was much faster after reaching the Divine Power realm. The distance of 365 kilometers was nothing to him.

Along the way, they crossed mountains and rivers. The time it took for mortals to run half a kilometer was the same time it took Meng Chuan and his wife to travel over 350 kilometers.

“We’re here.”

From after—in the wilderness outside a county city—the couple saw four Godfiends fighting six demon monarchs.

“Yan Jin?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were surprised. They recognized Yan Jin at a glance.

Yan Jin had descended from Archean Mountain for several years. This was their first time meeting since he left Archean Mountain.

...

Yan Jin cultivated the Azure Lotus Divine Body—a transcendent-grade Godfiend body—as well as Icefire Seven Absolutes—a Black Metal Sutra. Therefore, his Nine Mystical Caves test was very difficult. However, once he passed the test, it meant that he was strong enough to survive once he descended the mountain. Cultivating Icefire Seven Absolutes required one to merge two different Sword Souls together. This made Yan Jin very strong. In addition, he had been down the mountain for a couple of years, and his strength had increased since then. This time, he was lucky enough to be chosen to join a Godfiend team.

This Godfiend team was established with Chang Anguo as the core. Chang Anguo was 165 years old this year. He cultivated the Indestructible Divine Body—also a transcendent-grade Godfiend body. He had reached the Realm of Dao and had condensed an Essence Soul. In terms of domain strength, he was on par with Zhang Yunfeng. Once he cast his domain, he could slaughter ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs easily! Even demon monarchs with divine powers would have greatly reduced combat strength.

Chang Anguo was the leader, and the other three Godfiends supported him.

This Godfiend team was only slightly inferior to the elite team composed of Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang from back then.

These demon monarchs are really cunning. Yan Jin used his two swords to resist the demon monarchs with great difficulty. We chased the demon monarchs across three county cities. I never expected it to be a trap... To think such a powerful demon monarch team appeared.

The demon monarch team before him was extremely powerful. Among the six demon monarchs, there was an extremely powerful elephant demon monarch. This element demon monarch had the strength of a newly-advanced Godfiend! This elephant demon monarch could withstand the four Godfiends alone!

There were also two demon monarchs with divine powers and three elite demon monarchs. The weakest demon monarch was comparable to Yan Jin.

This demon monarch team was stronger than the team composed of Meng Chuan, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang.

It’s only thanks to Senior Brother Chang casting a forbidden spell that we can barely hold on. However, despite the domain suppressing them, our defense will eventually crack. We can’t hold on much longer.

The four Godfiends struggled to put up a fight even after casting forbidden Godfiend spells. They had many close calls.

“Someone’s coming.” Chang Anguo sent a voice transmission. “Everyone, hold on! It’s Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue!”

“Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue?” The three other Godfiends, including Yan Jin, felt delighted before panicking.

Could they defeat this demon monarch team if Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue helped them?

“It’s Meng Chuan and his wife.” The demon monarchs also discovered the two figures rushing over at high velocity. The elephant demon monarch shot a glance at them. “Meng Chuan—who specializes in swift saber—isn’t worth mentioning. Just take note of Liu Qiyue’s arrows.”

The elephant demon monarch held a huge pillar in his hand and possessed immense strength. Even though Chang Anguo’s domain suppressed his strength, he still attacked wildly.

Yan Jin and Senior Brother Yu’s injuries worsened every time they blocked an attack. Yan Jin could not help but spit out a mouthful of blood as his arms trembled slightly. However, the two Godfiends were adept at close combat. No one else could take up their roles in close combat.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

High in the sky, Liu Qiyue spread her flaming wings high and shot four arrows simultaneously. Her arrows were guaranteed maximum power even when she shot four arrows simultaneously.

Four flaming arrows streaked across the sky.

“Be careful.” A gray-robed demon monarch was alarmed. After he blinked his four eyes, four golden beams shot out from his eyes to meet the four arrows.

The four flaming arrows drew a magical arc as they dodged the four golden beams. The arrows moved terrifyingly fast as they approached the demon monarchs.

A demoness waved her hands, and countless silk threads flew out. The densely-packed silk managed to obstruct the four flaming arrows. However, the flaming arrows had terrifying strength. They pierced through the silk forcefully, but they were easier to dodge.

Pfft. Only one demon monarch was shot in the arm. The other three arrows missed.

The demon monarch didn’t hesitate to cut off his arm.

“Liu Qiyue’s arrows are much more powerful than expected. Everyone, be careful.” The gray-robed demon monarch controlled the four golden beams to attack Meng Chuan.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan used Swallow Stance and transformed into lightning. He charged down like a ghost.

Three of the four golden beams missed. The last golden beam was struck down by Meng Chuan’s saber.

Boom! Meng Chuan landed on the ground and charged towards the demon monarchs.

The instant he landed, a black-green baneful aura spread out in all directions from Meng Chuan’s body. The black-green baneful aura seemed to have a life of its own as six black baneful aura serpents condensed. These six baneful aura serpents avoided the Godfiends and enveloped the demon monarchs.

The six powerful demon monarchs were trapped within the six baneful aura serpents.

“Not good.”

“Be careful.”

Immediately, three demon monarchs—including a demon monarch with divine powers—were frozen into ice sculptures. They lost their lives on the spot.

The remaining two demon monarchs felt the baneful aura wreaking havoc on their bodies. A terrifying coldness constantly froze their bodies. This scared them so much that they frantically fled. Only the elephant demon monarch could barely maintain 50 percent of his strength when affected by the baneful aura. However, he was similarly alarmed.

His team had been killed by a terrifying baneful aura domain alone?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232 - One Year (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

To their shock, the two fleeing demon monarchs saw two Meng Chuans appear in front of them. The two Meng Chuans had appeared at different locations—a result of his stupendous speed.

Pfft. Pfft.

Affected by the freezing baneful aura, the two demon monarchs only had about 10 to 20 percent of their strength left. They moved much slower now. As for Meng Chuan—who had reached the Divine Power realm—he slashed out two saber beams, which pierced through the demon monarchs’ heads.

He easily killed them! Out of the six demon monarchs, three demon monarchs froze to death! Two died to his saber beams. While the strongest demon monarch—Demon Monarch Elephant—watched everything in disbelief.

“You didn’t escape?” The afterimages vanished, leaving only Meng Chuan’s true body. He had already arrived in front of the elephant demon monarch.

“In terms of speed, who can compare to Archean Mountain’s Meng Chuan?” The elephant demon monarch stared at Meng Chuan. “Everyone knows that you are fast, but the demons haven’t realized that you possess such a terrifying baneful aura.”

Meng Chuan’s baneful aura had destroyed his powerful demon monarch team.

“Come on. Show me how strong you are.” The elephant demon monarch held the huge pillar like a pole. Immediately, he swung the pillar at meng Chuan.

The moment he attacked, Meng Chuan instantly split into eight figures, which appeared around the elephant demon monarch. Meng Chuan slashed out saber beams one after another.

Meng Chuan used his speed to attack the enemy’s weakness.

Demon Monarch Elephant’s agility was ordinary. Affected by the baneful aura, he had greatly reduced strength. Even the huge pillar he wielded could not protect him.

“It’s useless. My body is nearly that of a fourth Firmament demon monarch!” Demon Monarch Elephant confidently withstood the saber beam. He believed in his thick hide and flesh.

Pfft.

The saber beam was extremely sharp. It pierced through Demon Monarch Elephant’s ear and penetrated his head.

Demon Monarch Elephant’s thick hide and hard skill failed to withstand the saber beam. Even Fu Jiao—a fourth Firmament demon monarch—wouldn’t be able to withstand Meng Chuan’s saber beams, much less Demon Monarch Elephant! After reaching the Divine Power realm, Meng Chuan’s body strength was roughly 60% of Fu Jiao’s strength. His physical strength was greater than even Yang Fang—who cultivated the Great Strength Fiend Body!

However, Demon Monarch Elephant’s strength didn’t disadvantage Meng Chuan because he was stronger than him! If he fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body, he could triple his physical strength!

The saber beam pierced through Demon Monarch Elephant’s head like tofu.

Demon Monarch Elephant immediately died. As he died, his eyes widened in disbelief. My body can’t withstand a single strike from him?

However, he didn’t know that Meng Chuan followed a physical body cultivation system. His body was stronger than those that follow the demon monarch cultivation system.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Demon Monarch Elephant’s and the gray-robed demon monarch’s blood surged towards Demon Slayer.

Meng Chuan held Demon Slayer and allowed it to devour their bodies. He even walked toward the three frozen demon monarchs.

Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!

He sliced apart the three ice sculptures with three strikes. Demon Slayer devoured two of the frozen demon monarchs’ corpses.

Demon Slayer is actually willing to devour four demon monarchs’ bodies. Meng Chuan sighed. This means that the four demon monarchs had extraordinary bodies.

They died just like that? Yan Jin could not believe what he saw.

Liu Qiyue was still high up in the sky. Meng Chuan landed alone and swept through the powerful demon monarch team. Be it his terrifying baneful aura or him instantly killing Demon Monarch Elephant; Meng Chuan’s strength shocked Yan Jin. Meng Chuan was much stronger than his elite Godfiend team.

Meng Chuan is already so powerful? Yan Jin felt the disparity in strength.

Chang Anguo and the other Godfiends were similarly shocked.

“Legend has it that Senior Brothers Meng, Zhang Yunfeng, and Yang Fang joined forces and killed Blackwater Palace Lord. In my opinion, Senior Brother Meng can kill a fourth Firmament Skydemon alone,” said a female Godfiend via voice transmission.

“He’s indeed very strong. His baneful aura nearly crippled the entire demon monarch team. His close-quarters combat ability is also very terrifying.”

The old Chang Anguo took the initiative to step forward. The other three Godfiends, including Yan Jin, naturally reacted and followed him.

“Thank you for saving our lives, Senior Brother Meng.” Chang Anguo cupped his hands. He sincerely addressed Meng Chuan as Senior Brother Meng. Godfiends respected strength. He believed that it wouldn’t be long before he had to address Meng Chuan as Uncle-Master Meng.

“Thank you for saving our lives, Senior Brother Meng,” said the other three Godfiends, including Yan Jin.

Meng Chuan continued holding Demon Slayer and allowed it to absorb the demon monarch’s blood. Three of the demon monarchs’ corpses had already been reduced to dust. Only Demon Monarch Elephant’s body remained. He was allowing Demon Slayer to grow stronger. The stronger Demon Slayer became, the better. His Essence Soul was his greatest advantage. Even if Demon Slayer was restored to peak strength, it couldn’t threaten him at all.

“How did you encounter such a powerful demon monarch team?” asked Meng Chuan in surprise.

At the same time, Liu Qiyue descended from the sky, smiled, and said, “Yan Jin, long time no see.”

Yan Jin smiled as well.

Chang Anguo said, “After we killed an ordinary demon monarch team, this powerful demon monarch team came after us when we left the county city. They deliberately chose to pursue us.”

“Weak demon monarchs are bait while powerful demon monarchs hide in the shadows?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were secretly alarmed.

“We still need to go to other county cities to provide help. We won’t stay any longer,” said Chang Anguo. They still needed to help many places. The powerful demon monarch team had disrupted them midway.

“Be careful.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded.

Yan Jin nodded slightly at Meng Chuan and his wife. Via voice transmission, Yan Jin said, “The demons are even more sinister this time. Furthermore, there are even more demon monarchs. Be careful.”

After that, Chang Anguo and the other three left quickly.

By the time the four left, Demon Monarch Elephant’s corpse had been reduced to dust since Demon Slayer completely devoured it. Meng Chuan sheathed his saber.

“This is the first time we’ve seen Yan Jin after he left the mountain,” said Liu Qiyue. “I didn’t even have time to say a few words before their team continued to rescue other places.”

“We’re all very busy now. There’s a shortage of Godfiends,” said Meng Chuan. “Let’s hurry and take everything. Archean Mountain has strict orders. We have to take away the treasures left behind by powerful demon monarchs first.”

“There are too many demon monarchs. If we leave before Earth Net arrives, the demon monarchs will probably rush over to take the treasures.” Liu Qiyue nodded as well.

Meng Chuan and his wife quickly placed the treasures—including Demon Monarch Elephant’s pillar—in their storage bags. They didn’t have the time to examine each treasure carefully. Thankfully, they had storage bags. They just needed to throw the treasures into their storage bags. After Demon Monarch Elephant died, the pillar shrank to 20 feet long. This was its normal length. Its previous large size was due to the demonic energy.

After collecting their spoils of war, Meng Chuan and his wife immediately returned.

Previously, to act as emergency reinforcements, he had traveled in a straight line. Now that he was returning, he deliberately traveled a winding route and passed by various county cities. They discovered many county cities being attacked. However, there were too few Godfiend teams and Marquis Godfiends. Many places had yet to be rescued.

“I think county cities will not be safe in the future,” said Meng Chuan as Liu Qiyue shot three arrows that killed three ordinary demon monarchs.

Liu Qiyue nodded solemnly. “There are too many demon monarchs. There’s no way to guarantee the safety of county cities.”

The duo continued to rescue several county cities. The demon monarchs rapidly retreated! This left Meng Chuan and his wife even more alarmed.

Now, the number of demon monarchs in the human world was even more astonishing. Furthermore, they attacked under a world-wide command.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233 - One Year (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 233: One Year (2)

Three days later.

Meng Chuan and his wife streaked across the sky. Liu Qiyue pulled her divine bow and shot two fire arrows. The arrows killed the two second Firmament demon monarchs that had wreaked havoc in the county city.

“The demons are attacking daily,” said Meng Chuan solemnly as he continued to rescue cities with his wife.

“Yes, although the number of county cities that are being attacked have decreased after the first day, there are still eight cities that need rescue. Furthermore, they are quite far from each other,” said Liu Qiyue. “They are scattered in all directions, making us spend more time traveling. Furthermore, the attacks on county cities are mainly done by second Firmament demon monarchs. Third Firmament demon monarchs occasionally take action.”

Although second Firmament demon monarchs are weak, they can still massacre the mortals easily. I hate that we can only rescue cities one by one. Meng Chuan felt anxious and pained.

This world was too cruel.

When will people be able to live in peace and prosperity just like they lived 800 years ago?

Could he and Qiyue live to see a peaceful era?

...

“The fort ahead was attacked by a second Firmament demon monarch. That fort has over 2000 villagers who were unwilling to relocate. They are still staying there.” An Earth Net Godfiend saw beacon smoke rising in the distance as a wolf-headed demon monarch destroyed the village fort crazily.

“Lord, Archean Mountain strictly forbids Earth Net Godfiends from attacking demon monarchs without permission,” said his subordinate immediately. “Demon monarchs are now very cunning. On the surface, there’s only one second Firmament demon monarch. There might be a third Firmament demon monarch lurking in the shadows. Once you appear to stop the second Firmament demon monarch, I believe a third Firmament demon monarch team will soon pursue you.”

“I understand.” The Indestructible Godfiend clenched his fists as he stared at the rising smoke in the distance. All he could do was watch helplessly.

“We have already reported to the higher-ups for help. Let’s leave it to the Patrollers,” persuaded his subordinate.

“Let’s go.” The Earth Net Godfiend turned and left in agony.

...

The most obvious characteristic of this round of attacks was that the demons were more cunning. The demon monarchs who attacked the cities were all bait. If Earth Net Godfiends attacked, they would likely encounter powerful demon monarchs that would pursue them. Elite Godfiend teams—like Yan Jin’s team—would occasionally be pursued by powerful demon monarch teams.

When it came to Godfiends that were more efficient at killing demon monarchs like Meng Chuan, Marquis Godfiends, and Regis Godfiends, the surrounding demon monarchs would quickly vanish once they appeared.

“Since we can’t split ourselves, there are many places we can’t rescue in time.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were also worried. Finally, the couple decided to write a letter to Archean Mountain.

“By acting alone, I can provide help faster. I can also save more cities and more people.” Meng Chuan looked at his wife, Liu Qiyue. “Qiyue, you have to be even more careful in the future.”

“I’m a sharpshooter that has reached the Realm of Dao. As long as I have a few powerful Godfiends supporting me, I can kill that Demon Monarch Elephant with one arrow. I can do better than Yan Jin’s Godfiend team,” said Liu Qiyue confidently. “If I’m really forced into a corner and have to use Phoenix’s Nirvana... I’ll have the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiend. As for you, Ah Chuan, it’s more dangerous for you to act alone.”

Meng Chuan smiled. “My current strength is comparable to an ordinary Marquis Godfiend. Don’t worry.”

The couple wrote the letter and sent it out. The next day, they received a reply from Archean Mountain.

The couple opened the letter.

“Rejected?” Meng Chuan and his wife read the letter together. Archean Mountain rejected their suggestion and had them continue working together.

“Your safety is of paramount importance. In this war, the demons’ true targets are Godfiends. If more than half of the Godfiends die, we will lose the human world completely. Humanity will face an extinction event. We have to ensure that every single Godfiend remains alive. Even so, Archean Mountain has lost sixteen Godfiends in the past month. They are all Godfiends from elite Godfiend teams. The two of you have to watch out for ambushes. Furthermore, you have to act together every time.”

Meng Chuan and his wife fell silent when they read the letter.

They understood the decision from Archean Mountain’s point of view. Archean Mountain would rather lower the efficiency of rescue teams so that all Godfiends’ safety was guaranteed.

From a logical point of view, this was right! Mortals reproduced very quickly. The population could rise very quickly in just a few decades. However, it was very difficult to nurture Godfiends. Every powerful Archean Mountain Godfiend consumed a lot of resources. For example, Meng Chuan consumed a lot of resources just to cultivate his baneful aura, likewise for his training in the physical body cultivation system.

The opportunities in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven, Quiescence Frost baneful aura, Scarlet Blood Divine Pills, and so on... In addition to Meng Chuan’s talent, all these resources helped forge the current Meng Chuan.

A powerful Godfiend needed both talent and resources; neither could be done without.

Every Godfiend had to be cherished. There were too few Godfiends compared to demon monarchs. Therefore, weaker Archean Mountain inner sect disciples had returned to the mountain. Only elite Godfiend teams acted as reinforcements.

...

Time passed.

The demons and humans continued fighting. Demon monarchs attacked county cities and village forts constantly, forcing Godfiends to appear so that they had an easier time killing Godfiends.

However, Archean Mountain had set an iron rule. Earth Net Godfiends were not permitted to involve themselves in such conflicts! Most of Archean Mountain’s inner sect disciples cultivated on the mountain. Occasionally, under the leadership of powerful Godfiends, they would go out and destroy demon monarch lairs for training.

Only a group of top disciples had the qualifications to form a team and engage in battle for a long time. Even so, after a long time, some would occasionally die in battle.

Due to the frequency of such brutal battles, Archean Mountain produced two newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends in a year.

One was the famous Xue Feng. He had finally become a Marquis Godfiend realm at 43 years of age. He was considered very young. The other was Yang Huayu, who was slightly older. He had finally become a Marquis Godfiend at the age of 71.

The number of peak Great Solar Godfiends that died in battle this year had far exceeded previous years. However, they had also gained two Marquis Godfiends this year.

As for village forts, they disappeared in the past year. Mortals were scattered all across the vast world. This made their lives much safer. After all, on average, there would be one demon monarch attack a day in a county. By living separately—although they would definitely die if they encountered demon monarchs—it was fairly unlikely for them to encounter demon monarchs.

Even county cities began to empty out. This was because the demons attacked county cities too frequently. Only county cities under a Regis or Marquis Godfiend’s purview were safe. Since Meng Chuan was fast enough, the prefectures he protected—including Eastcalm Prefecture—were relatively safe. However, over half of the world’s county city population had halved. Most had moved into the wilderness.

...

Under the sea bed in the South Sea’s depths, a small grotto-heaven hidden in a mysterious spot.

A luxurious palace stood inside the grotto-heaven. Three greater demon monarchs waited outside the palace hall.

“In the past year, the demon sage has never asked about the war situation. He has finally summoned us today.”

“We’ve done quite well this year. We’ve also managed to gather sufficient information. I believe that the demon sage will be satisfied.”

“I hope so.”

The three greater demon monarchs stood outside the hall, feeling somewhat uneasy.

Finally, the hall’s door opened.

“Come in.” An ancient voice rang out.

The three greater demon monarchs entered the main hall nervously. They immediately saw a sloppy-looking elder sitting in the main hall—who was looking down at them.

“Greetings, Demon Sage.” The three greater demon monarchs knelt respectfully.

Demon sage...

In the Demon Realm, demon sages were second only to Imperial Lords. He was much stronger than the three greater demon monarchs.

“The three of you are in charge of all the demon monarchs in the Great Zhou Dynasty, the Black Sand Dynasty, and the Great Yue Dynasty.” The demon sage looked down and said, “I haven’t asked about the situation over the past year. Now, tell me how the attacks on the three dynasties have gone?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234 - Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The three greater demon monarchs exchanged looks and followed the plan. Greater Demon Monarch Emerald Toad bowed respectfully and said, “Demon Sage, I command all demon monarchs in Black Sand Dynasty. In a year, we have lost over 32,000 demon monarchs and killed 75 Godfiends. Among the deceased Godfiends, 39 were Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s Great Solar Godfiends.”

“More than 30,000 demon monarchs died in battle?” The demon sage frowned slightly. “Only dozens of Godfiends were killed?”

“Seventy percent of the demon monarchs that died were second Firmament demon monarchs. Thirty percent were third Firmament demon monarchs,” said Emerald Toad respectfully. “Five fourth Firmament demon monarchs died in battle.”

Puzzled, the demon sage said, “The Demon Realm has ordered fourth Firmament demon monarchs not to attack in the first year. Why would five of them die in battle? Furthermore, the casualties are much higher than the Demon Realm’s expectations.”

“There are many reasons. Humans now treasure every Godfiend’s life,” said Emerald Toad. “The weaker Godfiends don’t come out of Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. The ones fighting outside are elite Godfiend teams. They even have life-preservation items. It’s very difficult to kill a Godfiend team. As for the number of demon monarchs that died... the main reason is because of King White Treasure.”

“King White Treasure?” The demon sage nodded slightly.

“Yes.” Emerald Toad said, “King White Treasure is good at scouting underground. He spends long periods underground, sweeping through many areas. Many demon monarchs have been discovered while hiding in underground abodes. He discovered all five fourth Firmament demon monarchs that died in battle. Sixty percent of the demon monarchs died to his hands. Those five fourth Firmament demon monarchs died because of him. I suggest that we think of a way to get rid of him! Otherwise, he will continue slaughtering us demons.”

Emerald Toad looked forward to it. If the demon sage were to take action personally, he could naturally kill a Regis Godfiend.

The demon sage calmly said, “It’s not the time yet.”

Before he possessed his current body, his strength was indeed that of a demon sage. However, after possessing a weak demon monarch’s body to infiltrate the human world, he had only recovered to the fifth Firmament realm after years of cultivation. In addition, most of his strength stemmed from his body!

He could say that he was nearly invincible under the Creation realm. He might be able to suppress King White Treasure, but it wouldn’t be easy to kill him. He might even be held back by King White Treasure long enough for a Creation Supremacy to arrive.

He only had 30% of his original strength. If he encountered a Creation Supremacy, he would definitely die!

Even if the combined number of demon monarchs that entered the human world were added up, they were not as important as a demon sage. He was a demon sage! Low-level demon monarchs sprouted and died all the time. How could they compare to a demon sage?

“Yes.” Emerald Toad didn’t dare say another word.

“What about the two of you?” asked the demon sage.

“Demon Sage.” Great Demon Monarch Lofty Wood—he had tree bark-like skin—bowed respectfully. “I command all demon monarchs in the Great Yue Dynasty. Over the past year, over 21,000 demon monarchs died. Thirty percent were third Firmament demon monarchs. Two fourth Firmament demon monarchs died in battle. 83 Godfiends were killed. Among them, 41 were Two World Island’s Great Solar Godfiends.”

“That sounds better than the Black Sand Dynasty. There are fewer demon monarch casualties, but the battle results are better.” The demon sage nodded.

“In the Great Yue Dynasty, two Godfiends pose a great threat to the demons,” said Lofty Wood. “One of them is King Mirage Fog. He can form up to 10,000 fog embodiments to search for demons underground. Thirty percent of our losses are due to his existence. The two dead fourth Firmament demon monarchs were also killed because of him.

“The other is Marquis Windrain. He’s extremely fast, even faster than Regis Godfiends. He defends three states by himself. He kills several-fold more demon monarchs than ordinary Regis Godfiends.”

The demon sage nodded when he heard that. “Do you have the confidence to kill Marquis Windrain, Great Demon Monarch Lofty Wood?”

“Fifty percent,” said Lofty Wood respectfully.

Since Lofty Wood commanded all demon monarchs in the Great Yue Dynasty, it was only natural that he was a powerful fourth Firmament demon monarch that had infiltrated the human world for a long time. He had combat strength comparable to a peak Marquis Godfiend.

“I’ll bestow you with the Black Cloud Miasma,” said the demon sage.

“Ninety percent.” A look of delight appeared in Lofty Wood’s eyes. He immediately said, “As long as he doesn’t have any heaven-defying life-preservation means, he will definitely die.”

Black Cloud Miasma... was a treasure that even fifth Firmament demon monarchs coveted.

“Okay.” With a wave of his hand, a tiny black cloud flew towards Lofty Wood. He immediately accepted it as the demon sage instructed, “Come up with a good plan. Take action and kill Marquis Windrain within a year.”

“Yes,” said Lofty Wood excitedly.

The demon sage thought nothing of giving away the Black Cloud Miasma. As a demon sage, his wealth was astounding. In addition, the three Imperial Lords had bestowed him treasures due to the risks he took to enter the human world. This made his wealth several times greater than ordinary demon sages.

“What about you?” The demon sage stared at the last greater demon monarch.

Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock respectfully said, “In the Great Zhou Dynasty, over 23,000 demon monarchs died in battle. About 30 percent were third Firmament demon monarchs. Three fourth Firmament demon monarchs died in battle, and 61 Godfiends were killed. Among the killed Godfiends, 35 were Archean Mountain Great Solar Godfiends.”

The demon sage continued to listen.

“In the Great Zhou Dynasty, the one who poses the greatest threat is King True Martial. Rumours say that King True Martial can pry into the past and find demon monarch lairs. Nearly 20 percent of our losses were caused by him alone. The two dead fourth Firmament demon monarchs were also killed by him. At the same time, there’s a Great Solar Godfiend couple in my territory. They’re Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue,” said Blackrock.

“Great Solar Godfiends?” The demon sage was astonished.

“Although they are Great Solar Godfiends, they have strength comparable to Marquis Godfiends,” Blackrock continued. “Furthermore, Meng Chuan has the fastest Lightning Devastator Fiend Body among humans. His rescue area is vast, reaching that of a state. Over a year, over 1000 demon monarchs have died at the hands of the couple. They are almost comparable to a Regis Godfiend. According to my estimations, they might become Marquis Godfiends at any time. Once they break through, their threat will rapidly increase. They’ll be more of a threat than Marquis Windrain.”

“Are you confident of getting rid of the couple?” asked the demon sage.

“Meng Chuan poses a great threat to us demons. Archean Mountain knows that too. Archean Mountain has definitely bestowed life-saving means to such a peerless genius,” said Blackrock. “His wife, Liu Qiyue, can cast Phoenix’s Nirvana to increase her strength greatly. If I were to take action, I only have a 50 to 60 percent chance of killing them. Actually, what I’m most worried about is the life-saving treasures bestowed by Archean Mountain.”

The demon sage smiled and nodded. “You should have the confidence if I bestow you with the Dragonwater Domain, right?”

“I will have more than 90% confidence unless the life-preservation means bestowed by Archean Mountain are too powerful.” Blackrock was also excited. “A precious treasure shouldn’t be too powerful in the hands of a Great Solar Godfiend like Meng Chuan.”

“Alright, plan well. Kill the couple within a year.” With a flip of his palm, an azure dragon sculpture appeared.

Blackrock was somewhat excited as he watched the azure dragon sculpture fly towards him. With this treasure, his strength could double. As a peak fourth Firmament demon monarch with strength close to that of a Regis Godfiend, treasures that could increase his strength were naturally extremely valuable. In the Demon Realm, only fifth Firmament demon monarchs and above were qualified to vie for such treasures.

Yet, they were bestowed with such treasures in the human world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235 - Difficult Survival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Great Zhou Dynasty, Qian State’s Pingguan Prefecture—the remote Changqu County City.

Meng Chuan and his wife walked on the streets.

“A county city has been reduced to such a dilapidated state in a year,” said Liu Qiyue softly. At a glance, one could see many ruined places. “The survivors didn’t rebuild these areas after the demon monarch attacks. It’s already good if they can barely survive.”

“Changqu County City had a population of more than 90,000 a year ago. Now, there’s only about 20,000 people,” said Meng Chuan. “Some were slaughtered by demon monarchs. However, most chose to leave the county city and live in the wilderness. This is the most remote place in our designated rescue area. Many times, by the time we arrive, the demon monarchs have already retreated. We can’t protect this place completely.”

Liu Qiyue nodded.

They protected five prefectures. The areas they primarily protected were Gu Mountain Prefecture and Eastcalm Prefecture. Any further and their rescue efficiency would drop greatly.

Since the demons attacked simultaneously, the duo naturally rescued the nearest and most important places first. The areas further away were of lower priority. As some county cities became more ravaged, they naturally saved the still-bustling county cities first. The remote, ravaged county cities were at the back of the queue.

This was the only way because they were unable to be everywhere. However, this county still was still within their designated rescue area. Meng Chuan and his wife felt rather guilty after seeing the county city in such a sorry state.

“Steamed buns, steamed buns for sale! Hot piping meat buns,” someone shouted.

Meng Chuan looked over.

Around the ruins, one could see a few barely intact buildings. One building sold steamed buns. However, very few people were doing business in the county city.

“Mom, I want to eat meat buns.” A child crawled out of a ruin. He stared at the buns with a covetous look.

“It’s already good enough that you can eat your fill. You still want to eat meat buns? Hurry up and leave.” The woman crawled out from the ruins. Their home was hidden in a self-dug tunnel deep within the ruins. The family of five lived there.

“Mom.” The child’s eyes were red. “I haven’t eaten meat in half a year. I want to eat it.”

“Then stay here.” The woman carried the basket and walked away. The child could only follow.

Meng Chuan and his wife watched from afar.

“Let’s go,” said Meng Chuan. As Godfiends, what could they do?

The couple left quietly.

The duo stayed close to the ground on their way back to Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

Meng Chuan opened his third eye at his glabella—the Divine Eye of Lightning. The electromagnetic domain expanded rapidly. This electromagnetic domain could penetrate a quarter-kilometer deep underground! Although very few demons hid within a quarter-kilometer of the surface, they would occasionally encounter some demons traveling underground. Over the past year, they had relied on this method to kill over 100 demon monarchs—an unexpected gain.

Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain could affect light, preventing others from seeing the couple with the naked eye.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan suddenly frowned.

“What’s wrong?” Liu Qiyue was puzzled.

“Let’s go.” He flashed to a lake about a kilometer away with his wife. Tall reeds littered the lake.

On the lake was a small, wooden boat. The lake water beside the wooden boat churned.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue appeared on the wooden boat. With a wave of his hand, his Great Solar Quintessential Essence seeped into the water, cut through the underwater reeds, and pulled two children up.

One child had a pale face as he clung to his companion tightly. The other child—who was slightly older—panted heavily.

“Third Brother, Third Brother, wake up.” The child looked at his younger brother’s pale face and was on the brink of tears. He immediately begged Meng Chuan and his wife. “My lords, please save my younger brother. Save my younger brother.”

“He’s fine,” said Meng Chuan.

As soon as he finished speaking, the pale-faced child suddenly spat out a few mouthfuls of water before waking up.

The older child finally heaved a sigh of relief.

“Where’s your home? I’ll send you back,” said Liu Qiyue gently. Their hearts ached when they saw these children because they also had two children.

“It’s over there. In the reed marsh.” The older child pointed in a direction. “About a quarter-kilometer away.”

“Okay.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Immediately, the tiny wooden boat they were standing on began to accelerate to high speeds, causing the two children on the boat to find it hard to believe what they saw. How could their little wooden boat be so fast? They were still in a daze when the little wooden boat had traveled a quarter-kilometer.

There were five boats in the reed marsh. Clothes, as well as pots and pans, hung outside the boats. People were clearly living on the boats.

“That’s our boat.” The child pointed at one of the boats.

“Mom!” the elder child shouted loudly. A dirty-looking woman walked out of the boat cabin. When the woman saw that Meng Chuan and his wife were dressed in extraordinary clothes, she couldn’t help but be a little more respectful. At the same time, she whispered to her child, “You two disappeared when I wasn’t looking.”

“We went fishing. Third Brother fell into the water and was trapped by the reeds. I wanted to save him, but Third Brother hugged me. These two lords saved us,” said the elder child. As for the younger child, he was still weak from the ordeal.

“Thank you for saving my children, my lords.” Upon hearing this, the woman immediately kowtowed in gratitude.

Meng Chuan and his wife looked at the five boats and easily sensed their dilapidated interiors. They didn’t say anything as they nodded and left in a second.

“The two of you, I told you not to go into the water when there are no adults. Yet, you still did. Do you want me to die of anxiety? If the two of you die, what will I do?” Only then did the woman cry from the lingering fear. The two children leaned against their mother, not daring to make a sound.

...

Meng Chuan and his wife continued their journey home.

“Those five boats represent five families. From the looks of it, they usually live on the boats,” said Meng Chuan. “They’re just hiding in the reeds.”

“It’s difficult to be discovered by demon monarchs. At the very least, it’s safer,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Now, the more remote a place is, the more people reside there,” said Meng Chuan. “However, it’s very difficult to survive in many remote places.”

“Everyone—other than those in large state capitals and prefecture cities—has it difficult,” said Liu Qiyue softly, “Village forts have completely vanished. Small villages are everywhere now. Although it’s very unlikely for a small village to encounter a demon monarch, they will definitely die if they encounter one. Most of the world’s county cities are desolate. Too many people have died. There are plagues everywhere. Thankfully, Godfiends immediately rush over to resolve the plagues. However, the problem regarding demon monarchs can’t be solved. There are too many of them.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

In the past year, the couple had rescued many people. Although the demons were very cunning, they had killed over 1000 demon monarchs in total.

But so what?

Indeed, most inner sect disciples were safe now since they cultivated on Archean Mountain. Occasionally, Marquis Godfiends would attack demon monarch lairs or carry out interception missions as a way to hone themselves.

The elite Great Solar Godfiends were the only ones fighting with all their might. From the current ratio of Godfiend casualties, it was over ten-fold better than when they guarded small and medium-sized city passes. After all, powerful Godfiends like them could easily slaughter demon monarchs.

However, too many mortals are dying. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

Even those within prefecture cities struggled to survive. Since food became more and more expensive, it was naturally not easy to survive.

Countless mortals died in this world.

The survivors also had it difficult.

Meng Chuan and the other Godfiends did their best to maintain the cities’ safety.

If I can become a Marquis Godfiend, I’ll be stronger and faster. I believe I can protect more prefecture cities and county cities. I believe that I can save over 100 million people when I’m a Marquis Godfiend.

The more powerful a Godfiend was, the more mortals they could protect. This made many Godfiends, including Meng Chuan, yearn for greater strength.

They wanted to become stronger so that they could protect more mortals.

Huh? Meng Chuan and his wife felt their chests warm up. They immediately took out their Patroller tokens. Their Patroller tokens emitted one red blip.

“Request for reinforcements? Eastcalm Prefecture’s Zhenyou County?” The couple exchanged glances.

“Let’s go.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue rushed toward Eastcalm Prefecture rapidly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236 - Phoenix Nirvana
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and his wife were long accustomed to acting as reinforcements. They had stayed in Gu Mountain Prefecture City for nearly six years. During this period, they had two children-Meng You and Meng An. The number of rescues they did was uncountable. This was especially so in the past year.

They were used to rescuing people, and this rescue mission seemed normal.

Phew. Meng Chuan and his wife rushed to Eastcalm Prefecture with all their might. They did so every time because the faster they arrived, the more likely they could kill demon monarchs and save more people.

Liu Qiyue looked at her husband’s face and couldn’t help but smile. The couple had long come to a decision-they would fight on the battlefield and slay demons all their lives until they died. Although they had seen many mortals and Godfiend teams die, they continued to enjoy every day. They knew they might perish in battle, but she continued hunting down demons with her husband.

“Zhenyou County City is just ahead,” said Meng Chuan suddenly. “Mmm.” Liu Qiyue stared ahead intently.

As they approached, Liu Qiyue saw three demon monarchs wreaking havoc in Zhenyou County City. They were just second Firmament demon monarchs, but mortals were unable to put up a fight.

“The demon monarchs haven’t left yet.” Liu Qiyue instantly held her divine bow and pulled the bowstring taut. Three flame-condensed arrows rapidly shot into the distance.

The three flame arrows were much faster than Meng Chuan. They arrived far away in the blink of an eye. The three ordinary demon monarchs were unable to dodge Liu Qiyue’s arrows and died on the spot.

Zhenyou County City was located in Eastcalm Prefecture.

Although Meng Chuan and his wife were in charge of an area-nearly the size of an entire state—they prioritize certain areas. They focused more on the areas around Gu Mountain Prefecture and Eastcalm Prefecture. Therefore, Eastcalm Prefecture’s county cities were still relatively fine. Zhenyou County City still had a population of roughly 70,000 to 80,000. It was considered a rather prosperous, populated county city.

When county city residents discovered demon monarchs, they frantically fled into tunnels. Like always, they waited for Godfiends to arrive. They only came out when the all-clear was given.

“They came really quickly.” Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock stood on a street roughly half a kilometer away from the three second Firmament demon monarchs. However, he had completely distorted the light around it, making it impossible to see him with the naked eye. He had completely converged, so even those with Essence Souls couldn’t sense his aura unless they were within a certain range.

Blackrock smiled as he raised his head to watch the two figures in the sky. Three flame arrows shot through the air like meteors, killing the three second Firmament demon monarchs.

“From the looks of it, they might not necessarily land in the county city.” Blackrock nodded slightly. “This distance is enough.”

Blackrock waved his hand, and the azure dragon sculpture appeared. As a fourth Firmament demon monarch, he only needed half a month to refine the Dragonwater Domain completely. After doing so, he then proceeded to deal with Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

“Rise.” With the azure dragon sculpture in hand, Blackrock infused his demonic energy into it, instantly activating the domain.

“Oh?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s expressions changed. The sensed a terrifying demonic force erupting in the county city at the same time.

Following that, he noticed the changes in the surroundings.

The Heaven and Earth powers were stirred endlessly, transforming into turbulent waves that filled the area.

“Be careful.” Meng Chuan immediately activated his baneful aura domain, and Liu Qiyue released flames from her body to fend off the waves.

Rumble... The waves in midair gathered like divine dragons as they struck at Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Even though Meng Chuan’s baneful aura froze some of the surging waves, they still broke through his baneful aura domain easily. They also broke past Liu Qiyue’s phoenix flames and surged towards Meng Chuan and his wife.

Meng Chuan immediately executed the Red Lotus Stance to block the rest of the waves.

The Dragonwater Domain was centered around Blackrock. The Dragonwater Domain spanned a massive 2.5-kilometer area. An endless flood of water appeared within this region as waves swept through the city. The Dragonwater Domain destroyed about a fifth of Zhenyou County City. The waves easily destroyed the city wall as it ravaged the buildings and flooded the tunnels. The people hiding inside the tunnels died on the spot.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Everything within the Dragonwater Domain was destroyed.

“Mom, Mom, I’m afraid.” Hearing the rumbling sounds outside, a child hugged his mother. His mother held her husband’s hand tightly.

“The Godfiends will come and save us,” consoled an elder.

Following that, the tunnel completely flooded. The dozens of people inside revealed looks of despair before the waves killed them.

Boom!

Meng Chuan’s Red Lotus Stance barely protected his surroundings and his wife.

Following that, the two of them realized what had happened. They were trapped within a massive water domain that spanned a diameter of 5 kilometers. They could see many destroyed buildings around them. With his Essence Soul perception domain, he could sense the auras of many mortals. However, the city wall, buildings, and tunnels within the Dragonwater Domain had been destroyed! Everybody within those tunnels was killed.

Nearly 20,000 people died in the blink of an eye. This made Meng Chuan and his wife feel pain and anger.

They looked down. Only three people stood alive in the Dragonwater Domain: Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock.

“It’s a fourth Firmament demon monarch,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission. “Qiyue, leave this domain first. Then, support me with your archery. Let’s join forces and kill it.”

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue’s killing intent rose.

Blackrock looked up and grinned. Following that, he shot into the sky and headed straight for the couple.

“I’ll send you out of this domain first.” Meng Chuan charged out of the Dragonwater Domain with his wife.

Boom! Boom!

Waves surged over.

Meng Chuan might’ve withstood the terrifying impact, but his wife definitely couldn’t! Meng Chuan had no choice but to execute Red Lotus Stance to block the waves! As a result, Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s speed drastically decreased. Their speed dropped to about 10 to 20 percent. Blackrock was naturally much faster than them as he quickly rushed towards them. This domain is too powerful. Even my baneful aura can’t stop it. Meng Chuan turned anxious when he saw this. His wife was only a Great Solar Godfiend sharpshooter. It would be very dangerous for Liu Qiyue if a fourth Firmament demon monarch came close to her.

Liu Qiyue was already holding three arrows. She drew her bow and shot at the charging Blackrock.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Three streaks of light tore through the air. However, turbulent waves surged through the domain, striking the three streams of light. The arrows managed to pierce through the waves at the cost of greatly decreased power. After piercing through the waves, the arrows moved slower than Blackrock.

“It’s here.” Liu Qiyue’s expression changed. “This domain is moving. It’s centered around this greater demon monarch.”

Meng Chuan also noticed the Dragonwater Domain moving as Blackrock rushed towards them. Wherever Blackrock moved, the Dragonwater Domain would follow; thus, destroying the city wall, buildings, and mortals.

“Also, we’re even further away from the domain boundary now. We’re roughly 2.5 kilometers away.” Liu Qiyue looked down at the destroyed county city. Without holding back, she unleashed the power of her phoenix bloodline with a single thought. Instantly, flames erupted from her body. The power of her flames left Meng Chuan extremely alarmed.

His wife’s eyes glowed red as flames wreathed around her body. Her strength was now not inferior to the fourth Firmament demon monarch.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan understood that his wife had cast Phoenix’s Nirvana.

The cost of casting Phoenix’s Nirvana was her lifespan.

“Ah Chuan, it has to be used eventually. I’ll give it a try first.” Liu Qiyue smiled as she looked at her husband. The terrifying flames spread 1000 feet around her as she protected Meng Chuan from the Dragonwater Domain’s waves.

On one side were flames, and on the other side-waves of water.

The two clashed loudly.

Fourth Firmament demon monarch. Liu Qiyue held her divine bow as she strung an arrow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237 - Epiphany
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liu Qiyue could sense how powerful she was at this moment. Casting Phoenix’s Nirvana would reveal the true power of her phoenix bloodline that had become purer as she cultivated.

As a Phoenix Divine Body expert, she could sense the invincible and terrifying power in her phoenix bloodline. She was only a Great Solar Godfiend and could only unleash the tip of the iceberg of power contained within her phoenix bloodline. Even so, Liu Qiyue found her current strength unbelievable.

Chi! Chi! Chi! Liu Qiyue felt her body transform under the eruption of her phoenix bloodline. Her soul was transforming as well.

Yes, she clearly hadn’t condensed an Essence Soul, but under her Nirvana state, she could clearly sense that her soul was rapidly strengthening. Clearly, the longer she remained in her Phoenix Nirvana state, the more astounding her soul’s transformation would be.

The Dao of Fire that belongs to a phoenix? Liu Qiyue felt that every movement of hers could stir terrifying flames. Her insights towards flames constantly surged. While in her Phoenix’s Nirvana state, she felt like she had constant epiphanies.

These effects had all been recorded. When Phoenix Divine Body experts cast Phoenix’s Nirvana, their Essence Soul, technique realm, and body would become stronger in every aspect. This was also the reason why they were bound to become Marquis Godfiends. The only price was that their lifespans would be constantly shortened if they continued casting Phoenix’s Nirvana.

The longer one underwent Nirvana, the more their lifespan would shorten-leading to death.

“Kill!” Liu Qiyue shot out an arrow without hesitation.

This arrow was dazzling!

Meng Chuan was shocked by the arrow.

Liu Qiyue was even more confident than before. She could sense how much she had improved. This was a profound qualitative change in her combat prowess.

As Blackrock was too close to the couple, the arrow flew out of the flames and pierced a few hundred feet into the turbulent waters before arriving in front of Blackrock.

Bang! Blackrock struck out with a one-handed hammer, smashing it against the arrow.

The arrow exploded.

Flames scattered everywhere.

Blackrock easily blocked the arrow, but he was rather alarmed. This Liu Qiyue is clearly a Great Solar Godfiend. She has the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiend after casting Phoenix’s Nirvana. However, both of them will die today.

Blackrock was the leader of all demon monarchs in the Great Zhou Dynasty. He was a true peak fourth Firmament demon monarch. His strength was close to that of a Regis Godfiend. With the Dragonwater Domain, he was like a tiger with wings.

“Dragonwater Domain, turn the world upside down!” As they neared, Blackrock finally utilized the Dragonwater Domain’s full strength to deal with the duo.

Rumble...

All the waves surged towards Meng Chuan and his wife, causing the flames around Liu Qiyue to shrink backward constantly. The flames were pushed back until they were just 100 feet away from them.

No matter how the waves attacked the flames, the hundred-foot area remained completely unscathed.

“Ah Chuan, he’s too strong. Even my arrows can’t threaten him. What should I do?” Liu Qiyue was a little anxious. She took out three arrows at once. As the other party was rapidly charging at her, she only had one chance to shoot her arrows.

“Continue shooting,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission. He had finished preparing

“Die.” Blackrock was less than 1000 feet away from the duo.

800 feet, 600 feet...

Liu Qiyue’s three arrows pierced through the air, bringing with them dazzling flames and terrifying might. Blackrock was still confident in blocking them. But at that moment

Go, Soul-Vanquishing Spike! With a thought, Meng Chuan’s Soul-Vanquishing Spike – which had been nurtured by his Essence Soul for a long time-shot out from his body.

The Soul-Vanquishing Spike was an Essence Soul weapon. One couldn’t detect it with the naked eye or typical sensory techniques. Only those with Essence Souls could detect it.

Demonic powers, Quintessential Essence, and physical bodies could not defend against it either.

Its speed was beyond imagination. It was even faster than lightning. It instantly entered Blackrock’s body and found his Essence Soul sitting in his sea of consciousness. It was a black, stone golem-shaped Essence Soul. It was rather powerful.

This is? Blackrock’s Essence Soul discovered the Soul-Vanquishing Spike entering his sea of consciousness. He could not help but be alarmed.

It has a second-level Essence Soul? Meng Chuan’s heart sank when he saw the other party’s Essence Soul. Although the other party’s Essence Soul was inferior to his, it was still a second-level Essence Soul.

Pfft.

The Soul-Vanquishing Spike stabbed straight into Blackrock’s Essence Soul.

“Ah.” Blackrock felt a sharp pain in his head. At that moment, the three arrows were already in front of him. He could only swing his hammer with his left hand and barely blocked two arrows.

The last arrow struck his chest and exploded. Phoenix flames burned all over his body. Blackrock randomly threw the hammer in his right hand. The hammer transformed into a black beam of light that shot towards Liu Qiyue. It was too close.

The hammer was too fast. Liu Qiyue didn’t have time to shoot another arrow.

Thankfully, Meng Chuan was by her side. He had long used a forbidden Godfiend spell. At that moment, he didn’t hesitate to use the Power of Essence Soul to accelerate.

Boom!

He executed Red Lotus Stance with Demon Slayer and took on the attack. He felt a deep and unfathomable force come from the hammer. It pressed down on Demon Slayer and struck Meng Chuan. With a deep thud, Meng Chuan’s ribs cracked. His back arched, and blood instantly dyed his clothes red.

Clang!

He was sent flying backward like a ragdoll.

Tears welled up in Liu Qiyue’s eyes when she saw this. She was afraid that Meng Chuan would be smashed to death by the hammer strike!

“Demon Monarch, die.” Liu Qiyue’s eyes turned red as she went crazy. She shot three arrows at the same time.

The surface of Blackrock’s body burned with phoenix flames. However, he took a deep breath and directly sucked the phoenix flames into his body. He nodded in approval. “This flame tastes good.”

This made Liu Qiyue’s pupils contract.

She immediately retreated! She retreated in the direction in which Meng Chuan had flown backward while shooting.

Her flame domain maintained its 100 feet radius, completely blocking the Dragonwater Domain’s waves. Liu Qiyue now had the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiend. Her flying speed with her flame wings had reached a whole new level.

“It’s useless. You won’t be able to escape.” Blackrock received his hammer that flew back and continued attacking Liu Qiyue. He wasn’t in a hurry to deal with Meng Chuan. He felt like that hammer strike was enough to kill Meng Chuan. Killing the threatening Liu Qiyue was more important.

When Meng Chuan was sent flying like a ragdoll, the terrifying impact swept through his entire body, causing him to lose consciousness. However, his third-level Essence Soul instantly woke him up. He could sense the Dragonwater Domain’s turbulent waves enveloping him as it tried to suffocate

him.

At the Divine Power realm, my body is strong, but this greater demon monarch is much stronger than me.He heavily injured me with a single strike. If Qiyue hadn’t held him back, I probably would have been killed in two or three strikes. Meng Chuan felt the severity of his injuries. His chest had caved in completely, and his heart and lungs suffered severe damage. However, they rapidly recovered at that moment. His bones rapidly healed, and his organs recovered back to normal.

He just needed a few seconds to recover from such severe injuries.

When his body recovered, Meng Chuan saw Qiyue being pursued.

What should I do? I can’t withstand a single strike from the enemy. Inside the water domain, my speed is inferior to the enemy’s. Meng Chuan was extremely anxious. As he rapidly pondered with his Essence Soul, time seemed to slow down. Many thoughts surfaced in his mind every moment.

Liu Qiyue fled in Meng Chuan’s direction. “Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.”

She was worried about her husband. Having seen the hammer sending him flying like a ragdoll, she was really worried about Meng Chuan.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan saw his wife being chased down.

Blazing flames rose from Liu Qiyue’s body. The flames spread out and remained 100 feet within her, blocking the Dragonwater Domain’s waves. Phoenix flames were extreme Yang, but they were also extreme Yin. They were flames of life.

A flash of inspiration hit Meng Chuan as he watched the phoenix flames resisting the Dragonwater Domain.

He suddenly thought of the saber move he had accidentally executed when he was practicing his saber art.

Extreme Yin transforms into Yang. Extreme Yang transforms into Yin? No, extreme Yin is also extreme Yang. It’s just two sides of the same coin. Meng Chuan was completely enlightened. He felt like his understanding of the Heart Intent Saber Art-a Black Metal Sutra—had reached a new level.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238 - Realm of Dao
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The core of Heart Intent Saber Art was the Heart Saber Stance. The other moves were derived from the Heart Saber Stance and developed in different directions.

After comprehending the profundity of Heart Saber Stance’s Yin-Yang Transformation and reaching the Realm of Dao, Meng Chuan’s understanding of Red Lotus Stance, Tiger Roar Stance, Dragon Roar Stance, Extreme Yin Stance, and Flying Swallow Stance had reached a whole new level.

Meng Chuan didn’t have time to reflect on his new insights because he saw his wife being sent flying by Blackrock’s hammer.

This couple is even more powerful than what’s stated in the intelligence we have on them! Blackrock flew through the surging waves and approached Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue has a Phoenix Divine Body, and she has the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiend after casting Phoenix’s Nirvana. That Meng Chuan is even more impressive. He actually used a Soul-Vanquishing Spike! He’s a 38-year-old Great Solar Godfiend, but his Essence Soul has actually reached the third level. Such Essence Soul cultivation talent can be ranked among the top few in human history. As for us demons, we didn’t even know about this before.

Blackrock chased after Liu Qiyue.

The flames on Liu Qiyue’s body seemed to have taken corporeal form. She had already transformed into a phoenix. A burning phoenix flew through the endless waves with great difficulty, constantly withstanding the terrifying impacts. The Dragonwater Domain could weaken even Regis Godfiends! Liu Qiyue’s Phoenix’s Nirvana-powered flames could barely resist it.

Meng Chuan’s baneful aura domain was on the verge of collapse. “Ah Chuan, Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue was filled with unease. She wanted to reach her husband as soon as possible. The strike just now had filled her with unease. At the same time, she had requested for help repeatedly through her Patroller token as a way to indicate the urgency of her situation.

The moment they met the greater demon monarch, the couple had requested for help.

Now, all she could do was repeatedly request for help. The fastest reinforcements is a Regis Godfiend at Luo Tang Pass. However, it will take them five minutes to arrive. Liu Qiyue was extremely anxious. Five minutes is too slow!

“Liu Qiyue, why are you so concerned about your husband? Why don’t you accompany your husband? That way, the two of you won’t be lonely on the way to the netherworld.” Blackrock attacked Liu Qiyue as he approached.

Liu Qiyue flapped her flame wings, wanting to dodge. However, they were too close to one another.

Blackrock’s ferocious hammer tore through the layers of protective flames. The flames seemed corporeal since they could withstand the Dragonwater Domain’s waves. At that moment, the hammer had been weakened by 70 to 80 percent by the flames. In the end, Liu Qiyue also used her divine bow to block the hammer.

Bam!!!

The divine bow was extraordinary; the attack didn’t damage the bow at all. However, the impact spread to Liu Qiyue’s body, causing her flames to scatter. Liu Qiyue’s organs were severely injured, but her body rapidly healed because of her burning phoenix flames. In fact, as Liu Qiyue maintained Phoenix’s Nirvana, her body constantly metamorphosed, causing her injuries to heal rapidly.

Even though my strength has greatly increased, I almost lost my life. Liu Qiyue was sent flying by the blast, but she was still worried about her husband. What happened to Ah Chuan? He doesn’t have the phoenix flames to protect himself. He took the blow head-on.

Liu Qiyue then saw the figure in the distance —that had been enveloped by the wavessuddenly move. This made her relieved.

Your Phoenix’s Nirvana can help you recover from your injuries very quickly. In that case, I’ll pound you into minced meat and see if you will die. Just as Blackrock was about to pursue Liu Qiyue, his expression suddenly changed.

A lightning-clad figure shuttled through the waves, withstanding the wave impacts as he rapidly approached Blackrock.

Meng Chuan? Blackrock couldn’t believe it.

A saber beam arced through the air, attacking Blackrock’s flank. It was fast and unpredictable, and it still possessed terrifying speed though obstructed by the churning water.

Black Metal Sutra-Heart Intent Saber’s Dragon Roar Stance!

Blackrock felt that his opponent’s saber strike was too strange. He wasn’t even fully confident that he could withstand the saber beam. He held two hammers in front of him to block the attack.

Chi!

Demon Slayer and the two hammers recoiled immediately upon impact. Meng Chuan executed Swallow Stance to redirect the remnant impact into his next attack back at Blackrock!

Meng Chuan slashed out saber beam after saber beam! Even though he was affected by the Dragonwater Domain, Meng Chuan was still faster than Blackrock. He constantly attacked. However, he didn’t dare to clash head-on with the greater demon monarch. Meng Chuan knew very well how terrifying the greater demon monarch’s strength was.

“Qiyue, I’ll hold it back first. Leave quickly and escape the Dragonwater Domain,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission.

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue watched as her husband’s speed in the Dragonwater Domain exceeded Blackrock. She couldn’t help but feel a lot more relaxed. Now that he held the advantage in speed, Blackrock wouldn’t be able to catch up if Meng Chuan wanted to escape.

Whoosh.

Liu Qiyue’s flames formed the shape of a phoenix. She flew through layers of waves in the Dragonwater Domain with great difficulty. She had to fly 2.5 kilometers quickly and get away from Blackrock. Under the suppression of the Dragonwater Domain, he’s even faster than me? How fast is he if the Dragonwater Domain doesn’t suppress him? Blackrock was genuinely shocked. Now that Meng Chuan held the advantage in speed, saber beams came one after another. As long as Blackrock parried an attack, Meng Chuan would immediately retreat. Meng didn’t clash with Blackrock head-on. This made it difficult for Blackrock to unleash his strength fully.

Too agile.

The Dragonwater Domain’s suppressive powers were terrifying, but Meng Chuan’s movements were too agile and graceful. Most of the wave impacts were dispelled while Meng Chuan borrowed some of the waves’ force. This was why Swallow Stance was an ingenious movement technique. After comprehending the unique rhythm of Yin-Yang Transformations, his Swallow Stance had become much stronger. Even when suppressed by the Dragonwater Domain, he could still unleash up to 30% of his maximum speed.

After reaching the Realm of Dao, Meng Chuan’s maximum speed increased once again! Even at 30 percent of his maximum speed, he was still as fast as a Regis Godfiend!

This Meng Chuan is too mysterious. He attained a third-level Essence Soul at such a young age. His body is also monstrous! The pressure the Dragonwater Domain can exert is immense. Even Liu Qiyue has to cast Phoenix’s Nirvana and protect herself with phoenix flames. Great Solar Godfiends should be reduced to meat paste instantly. Marquis Godfiends have to use their Darkstar Domains and Darkstar Quintessential to withstand the immense pressure. Only fourth Firmament demon monarchs with powerful bodies can withstand the Dragonwater Domain’s pressure, yet he can actually resist the pressure with his body alone?

Blackrock felt like he had discovered many of Meng Chuan’s secrets. Secrets like his Essence Soul and his strong physical body.

I have to get rid of him. Otherwise, if he develops his strength further, he will be too great a threat in the future. Blackrock immediately saw Liu Qiyue fleeing into the distance.

This Meng Chuan is clearly faster than me and can escape directly. Yet, he wants to pester me... He wants to save his wife.

Can you save her? Blackrock’s body phased away.

What? Meng Chuan saw a mountain appear in front of him.

A towering mountain demon—that was 1000 feet tall-appeared in front of him. Blackrock was still in human form as his stone arms held a sledgehammer. The sledgehammer was now extremely huge.

Mountain demon? Meng Chuan was alarmed. This greater demon monarch is actually a mountain demon?

Mountain demons were famous for their terrifying strength and tenacious bodies.

It’s a mountain demon? Liu Qiyue looked a little anxious. No wonder it could resist my arrows with just its body.

A mountain demon’s body was ridiculously tough when they were in miniature form. After gigantification, their body’s toughness would decrease slightly, but their strength would increase greatly.

“Haha, Meng Chuan, you want to save your wife?” Blackrock roared with laughter that sounded like rumbling thunder. It resounded through the entire Dragonwater Domain. He casually swung his hammer, stirring up endless waves. The strength behind the hammer shocked Meng Chuan, causing him to dodge quickly. As for Blackrock, he took large strides towards Liu Qiyue. The Dragonwater Domain moved with him. He didn’t seem to be fast, but he covered 1000 feet with every step. His speed was astounding; he was much faster than before.

Originally, he was 1.5 kilometers away from Liu Qiyue. However, the distance between them rapidly shortened as he ran towards her.

Swoosh.

Clad in lightning, Meng Chuan sped past Blackrock in an arcing manner. Although he took a long detour, he still reached Liu Qiyue before Blackrock.

They are gone? When the city suffered such destruction, a small number of people still looked outside. The people who dared to look at the battle were those from either Earth Net, the Skydemon Sect, or bold mortals.

They saw surging waves sweep through the vast city.

Within the vast water domain, a giant mountain demon appeared. The giant mountain demon towered over buildings, and he wielded two sledgehammers in his hands as he flew off into the distance-far away from the county city and toward the wilderness.

“Qiyue.” Meng Chuan used his speed to rendezvous with Liu Qiyue.

“Ah Chuan, your injuries?” Liu Qiyue was a little worried.

“It’s nothing.” Meng Chuan held her arm. “Let’s go.I’ll help you escape.”

Swoosh.

The couple traversed the Dragonwater Domain together. However, Meng Chuan’s expression changed.

When alone, he could break through the Dragonwater Domain by borrowing the domain’s powers. However, Liu Qiyue’s body was fairly weak. There was no way she could withstand the Dragonwater Domain’s immense pressure with her body alone. Thus, she had to rely on her phoenix flames to protect herself. Her phoenix flames were actually able to withstand the Dragonwater Domain’s immense pressure. However, his speed was greatly affected since he was carrying another person. He could only maintain 20% of his maximum speed when carrying Liu Qiyue. At this speed, he was only as fast as a Marquis Godfiend.

After Blackrock revealed his true form, his speed was greater than Meng Chuan’s. Blackrock soon appeared behind the duo.

“Hahaha, you won’t be able to escape with your wife.” The towering 1000-foot-tall Blackrock strode forward and laughed loudly. “Will you stand behind and die with your wife, or will you escape alone?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239 - The Only Way
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Ah Chuan, run. Don’t bother about me.” Liu Qiyue looked at her husband and persuaded him via voice transmission.

She looked at Meng Chuan’s side profile. She wanted to remember his appearance. She was reluctant to part with him. She couldn’t bear to part with her husband or her children, but she knew that choices had to be made on a battlefield. It would be better if at least one of them survived instead of dying together.

“Don’t worry, Qiyue,” Meng Chuan reassured Liu Qiyue via voice transmission. “Let’s hold on for a while longer. The Godfiend that Archean Mountain sent will arrive soon.”

“Ah Chuan, the fastest reinforcement will be a Regis Godfiend from Luo Tang Pass,” said Liu Qiyue via voice transmission. “They will take five minutes to arrive. That’s too long. They won’t arrive in time. Don’t implicate yourself because of me. Ah Chuan, our children are still young. They need someone to take care of them.”

“Don’t worry. I have a solution,” said Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan knew that if Supremacy Luo Tang rescued them personally, she would arrive very quickly. However, Luo Tang Pass couldn’t be lost! Once Supremacy Luo Tang appeared, Blackrock would tell the demons that a Creation-level threat had appeared with his token before dying. The demons would then realize that Supremacy Qin Wu was still guarding Archean Mountain. Thus, they could infer that Supremacy Luo Tang had likely been the one to act. Then, the demons might immediately attack Luo Tang Pass.

w

As the Great Zhou Dynasty’s only super-large city pass, the Godfiends wouldn’t be able to hold the demons back without a Creation Supremacy. If they lost Luo Tang Pass, it would be disastrous.

Just as Meng Chuan and his wife had expected, Archean Mountain had indeed sent a Regis Godfiend-King Luyue of Luo Tang Pass—to rescue them.

When Meng Chuan had fought Fu Jiao, it had been King Luyue who had arrived to act as reinforcements. It was the same this time. Luo Tang Pass only had two Regis Godfiends guarding it. King Luyue was the faster of the two, so he was naturally sent to aid Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Swoosh.

In the clouds, King Luyue traveled as a black light beam. His eyes were filled with anxiety.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue have repeatedly requested for help? It looks like it’s very dangerous. The two of them must hold on. I still have another 250 kilometers to go! King Luyue rushed to save them.

Charge. Meng Chuan suddenly fused the Power of Essence Soul with his body and rushed forward with his wife. His speed increased by nearly 30 percent, but Blackrock snorted coldly.

Blackrock’s body glowed red, and his speed increased by 20 to 30 percent. He was still faster than Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

He actually forced me to use a forbidden spell. Blackrock’s eyes turned even more ferocious as he pursued Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

The gap is narrowing. I can’t shake it off. Meng Chuan’s mind raced. What should I do? Qiyue must be saved! But how? By using the Power of Essence Soul, I will only have the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiendl. It’s impossible for me to stop a fourth Firmament mountain demon monarch.

There’s no other way...

Meng Chuan glanced at his wife. “Qiyue, I’ll hold him back. Take the opportunity to escape this domain.”

“How?” Liu Qiyue immediately sent a voice transmission. “Ah Chuan, don’t be rash.”

“I have a way.” Meng Chuan released his wife and took the initiative to rush towards Blackrock.

Blackrock was not alarmed. Instead, he was overjoyed. “Nice!” He was most afraid that Meng Chuan would abandon his wife and escape alone. He couldn’t do anything if he did do that. To him, Meng Chuan was much more important than Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue’s survival only meant an additional human expert in the future. If Meng Chuan stayed alive, he would continue to protect a vast area with his speed. His Essence Soul cultivation talent represented his terrifying potential. “Die!” Blackrock suddenly exerted his strength and took a step forward. The ground quaked as he brandished his sledgehammer.

The huge hammer—that was 20 to 30 feet in diameter—was like a small hill. It contained terrifying might. Wherever it passed, space distorted.

The hammer’s terrifying might made Meng Chuan’s heart skip a beat. He immediately executed Swallow Stance, avoiding the terrifying sledgehammer. But another sledgehammer followed the previous one.

Boom!

Their surroundings were affected by these two sledgehammers. The sky darkened as waves surged forward.

Meng Chuan vaguely realized that the two sledgehammers had formed a formation. Once he was embroiled in Blackrock’s attacks, it would be difficult to escape.

Run! He didn’t continue rushing toward Blackrock. Instead, he used his movement technique to flee into the distance. “Escaping? Then, I’ll kill your wife,” roared Blackrock. His voice resounded through his surroundings. He didn’t chase after Meng Chuan. Instead, he rushed towards Liu Qiyue. He wanted to force Meng Chuan to save his wife.

Liu Qiyue watched as Meng Chuan fled into the distance. Her knitted brows eased as she completely relaxed.

Meng Chuan had made his choice. This was a wise choice on the battlefield—at least one person could survive.

Ah Chuan, take good care of our children.

Meng Chuan’s eyes filled with determination as he fled into the distance.

There’s only one way to save Qiyue. I must break through to the Darkstar realm!

Meng Chuan’s eyes were filled with madness.

In the Godfiend cultivation system, each major breakthrough had to be handled with extreme care. The further one progressed in the cultivation system, the more dangerous the breakthrough became. One mistake could result in one’s body exploding into pieces.

It was extremely difficult to break through from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm! One had to reach the Realm of Dao and have an Essence Soul before they could condense a Darkstar. One had to control every wisp of their Quintessential Essence carefully with their Essence Soul. A Great Solar Godfiend also had to be young enough. Otherwise, one’s dantian space wouldn’t be young and resilient enough to withstand the breakthrough impact. After reaching 60 years of age, the probability of a Great Solar Godfiend becoming a Marquis Godfiend would gradually drop.

If he wanted to break through to the Darkstar realm, then he needed to meditate! A slight disturbance during one’s breakthrough would cause them to fail.

Meng Chuan was currently unable to meditate. He couldn’t even slowly adjust his state of mind and focus on making a breakthrough. He had to make a sudden breakthrough. The danger of doing this was insanely great.

My body’s lifeforce is extremely vigorous. My dantian space is far tougher than that of my peers. I have a third-level Essence Soul. My control over Quintessential Essence with the Power of Essence Soul is more exquisite than that of my peers. Even if I make a sudden breakthrough, I have more than 80 percent chance of success.

Though an 80 percent chance of successfully breaking through was high, Archean Mountain only allowed their disciples to break through if they had a 100 percent chance of success. This required one to enter seclusion and begin their breakthrough.

After all, if he failed, everything would be for naught. He was basically insane to attempt to break through to the Darkstar realm during a battle. However, Meng Chuan knew that he might die during this chance. Since he had an 80 percent chance of breaking through, he naturally chose to do so if he could save his wife.

And this was the only way to save his wife. He had no other choice since he was up against a peak fourth Firmament demon monarch that controlled the Dragonwater Domain.

Come on! Meng Chuan didn’t have time to waste. It wouldn’t take long for Blackrock to catch up to Liu Qiyue. He had to become a Marquis Godfiend quickly.

Instantly, the Power of Essence Soul fused with his Great Solar Quintessential Essence and his dantian space. A dazzling ‘Great Sun’ floated in the middle of his vast dantian space, emitting a golden glow. Every wisp of golden light was a wisp of Great Solar Quintessential Essence.

Since Meng Chuan was accomplished in the physical body cultivation system, his body was very powerful. His foundation was robust, and his dantian space was extremely vast. The ‘Great Sun’ in his dantian space had also reached its size limit. Compared to all of history’s Great Solar Godfiends, Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence was the purest and most refined. If he improved his Quintessential Essence any further, the ‘Great Sun’ would implode.

Break through. He didn’t have time to think about it. The Power of Essence Soul fused with the ‘Great Sun’ and controlled countless golden rays, instantly triggering their power.

Boom!

With his Saber Dao, the Yin-Yang Transformation caused his accumulated Great Solar Quintessential Essence to erupt completely. The ‘Great Sun’s’ glow became a thousand-fold more dazzling, filling the entire dantian space.

Meng Chuan’s Quintessential Essence continued exploding under his guidance. When it reached its limit, the ‘Great Sun’ produced an attractive force.

Extreme Yang gave rise to Yin! Converge. The Power of Essence Soul caused his Quintessential Essence to gather like a vortex. The pressure on the gathered Quintessential Essence caused it to liquefy and even solidify.

Although it took a long time to describe, the ‘Great Sun’ exploded and shrunk extremely quickly. Finally, it shrank into an extremely tiny dim sphere. It was many times smaller than the previous ‘Great Sun’. The entire dantian space turned dark.

The dark red sphere emitted a dark red gas; it contained a terrifying might. This was a Darkstar.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240 - Marquis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Many Archean Mountain Godfiends longed to reach the Darkstar realm, but it was difficult. If one had insufficient control over their Quintessential Essence, they would not be able to converge their Quintessential to a single point after the explosion! If the explosion wasn’t handled properly, one’s body would explode into pieces.

If one’s technique realm wasn’t high enough, they wouldn’t be able to form a perfect, stable Darkstar. An imperfect Darkstar would collapse and explode. This explosion was even more terrifying; it could reduce one’s body to dust.

This breakthrough was extremely difficult! However, Meng Chuan didn’t make any preparations. He made a sudden breakthrough and even succeeded in one fell swoop! It was rare for this to happen. However, his third-level Essence Soul was the main reason he succeeded. His control over Quintessential Essence was much greater.

I succeeded. Meng Chuan was overjoyed.

He hadn’t died. He had successfully made a breakthrough and survived!

Qiyue. Meng Chuan looked over and saw the towering Blackrock about half a kilometer away from Qiyue. This made Meng Chuan secretly heave a sigh of relief.

Although it took a long time to describe, Meng Chuan’s breakthrough took an extremely short period of time.

Swoosh. Meng Chuan instantly moved.

This is the Darkstar Domain and Darkstar Quintessential Essence? Meng Chuan rushed towards his wife at full speed. At the same time, he felt the changes in his body.

Once the Darkstar was formed, one would gain all sorts of magical powers. For example, the Darkstar naturally formed the Darkstar domain. The Darkstar domain spanned a 1000 feet radius. The Darkstar domain granted a Godfiend all sorts of special abilities that surpassed a demon’s divine power. It was what granted Marquis Godfiends such terrifying combat prowess.

The Darkstar domain was very special. It could be used for concealment, disguise, flying, defense, attacks, and as a domain.

If he wanted to protect himself, he could form a 1000-feet-wide domain that had a repulsive force. The closer one moved to Meng Chuan, the stronger the repulsion. It was like two large magnets with the same pole facing each other. The closer the magnets were, the stronger the

repulsive forces.

This made Meng Chuan somewhat unapproachable.

Boom!

The Darkstar domain suppressed the Dragonwater Domain’s surging waves. However, the waves still pushed past the Darkstar domain’s repulsive forces and reached Meng Chuan. After all, it was a treasure that even fifth Firmament demon monarchs valued.

However, by the time they reached Meng Chuan, the waves had weakened drastically.

Meng Chuan’s Darkstar Quintessential Essence covered his body—the dark-red gases his Darkstar emitted. A total of 300 Darkstar Quintessential Essence layers combined with Meng Chuan’s Darkstar domain. The Darkstar domain could use the void to repel enemies, and it could also act as protection after combining with Darkstar Quintessential Essence. After Meng Chuan’s Darkstar Quintessential Essence merged with his Darkstar domain, his Quintessential Essence gained the Darkstar domain’s unique characteristics.

His Quintessential Essence now had a powerful repulsive force. The repulsive force was even stronger than the one generated by his Darkstar Domain, so his Quintessential Essence’s defensive capability was greatly enhanced.

Marquis Godfiends had ridiculously strong Quintessential Essence defenses. In a fight between a Marquis Godfiend and a fourth Firmament demon monarch, the demon monarch would be injured or even killed, even if greater demon monarch bodies are powerful. It would be difficult for a fourth Firmament demon monarch to pierce through a Marquis Godfiend’s Quintessential Essence defenses.

Defeating a Marquis Godfiend was easy, but killing a Marquis Godfiend was just too difficult.

Demons were envious of Marquis Godfiends because they had Darkstar domains. It was the reason why the Godfiend cultivation system was stronger than the demon monarch cultivation system.

Now that I have a Darkstar domain, even the void allows me to fly when I use my movement technique. Meng Chuan found it wonderful. With the Darkstar domain protecting him at all times, it was naturally much safer.

He became even faster as Darkstar Quintessential Essence circulated around his body. With the help of his Darkstar domain, his movement techniques would also be faster.

Countless dark-red nebulae surrounded Meng Chuan, blocking the Dragonwater Domain’s wave and immense pressure. Despite being suppressed by the Dragonwater domain, Meng Chuan remained unbelievably fast in his lightning form as he flew towards Liu Qiyue.

As long as Ah Chuan survives, it’s enough. Liu Qiyue watched the towering Blackrock rush up to her. However, a hint of madness appeared in her eyes. Even if I, Liu Qiyue, were to die, I won’t make it easy for you!

She held her divine bow in one hand and an arrow in the other.

“Die!” She was prepared to die. In her Phoenix’s Nirvana state, her body and soul constantly grew stronger. She was in a constant state of epiphany as her insights into her Fire Dao kept increasing.

She strafed Blackrock with one arrow after another, trying her best to unleash even mightier arrows.

Blackrock’s towering body cracked from the shots. Pits—that spanned two to three feetblasted open. To the 1000-foot-tall Blackrock, the tiny holes on his body were not worth mentioning. As for the phoenix flames, they were naturally absorbed into his body. He was unafraid of fire.

“Your husband truly is a coward. He abandoned you and fled.” Blackrock charged over as his voice echoed throughout the Dragonwater Domain. Clearly, he was furious. Although killing Liu Qiyue was a meritorious deed, it was far inferior to killing Meng Chuan.

“It’s foolish for two people to die together. Ah Chuan will live and avenge me.” Liu Qiyue was just about to shoot another arrow when she saw a lightning-clad figure rapidly fly over from afar.

That lightning-clad figure was extremely fast! He was so fast that Liu Qiyue couldn’t clearly see who it was, but she still knew who it was. She couldn’t help but shout anxiously, “Ah Chuan, leave!”

“You’re here?” Blackrock turned his gigantic rock head and looked in pleasant surprise. He also saw a lightning-clad figure rushing towards Liu Qiyue.

He’s fast! Blackrock’s heart skipped a beat. He had a bad feeling because Meng Chuan was too fast! Even when suppressed by the Dragonwater Domain, he is still faster than Regis Godfiends? Blackrock was extremely alarmed. How fast would he be outside the domain? Is he faster than Creation Supremacies?

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan quickly circled around Blackrock and arrived beside Liu Qiyue. Only then could one see his appearance clearly.

A dark-red Quintessential Essence covered Meng Chuan’s body. He seemed to emit a dark-red glow. This scene was very familiar to Blackrock because Marquis Godfiends could protect themselves very well with Quintessential Essence when fighting.

Darkstar Quintessential Essence? Blackrock was stunned. He’s become aMarquis Godfiend? He was a Great Solar Godfiend just moments ago, and now he’s a Marquis Godfiend? Blackrock knew very well how dangerous it was to break through from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm. Humans had to enter seclusion before breaking through. They couldn’t be disturbed during their breakthrough. Even demon monarchs had to enter seclusion to break through from the third Firmament to the fourth Firmament. They needed to be careful during breakthroughs.

Meng Chuan’s newfound strength instantly left Blackrock in disbelief.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue couldn’t believe it either. She could sense the terrifying power within the dark-red nebulae around her husband’s body. His aura was the same as the Marquis Godfiends she knew.

“You made a breakthrough?” Liu Qiyue was a little afraid.

“I’ll take you out of this Dragonwater Domain.” Meng Chuan smiled. “You can stop casting Phoenix’s Nirvana.”

With that said, the dark-red nebula around Meng Chuan’s body expanded and protected his wife. He withstood the Dragonwater Domain’s immense pressure easily.

His wife, Liu Qiyue, stopped casting Phoenix’s Nirvana. However, Meng Chuan’s Marquis Godfiend status still left her a little confused. He directly broke through while in battle? How could Ah Chuan be so rash? What if he failed?

Time to go. Holding his wife’s hand, his Darkstar Quintessential Essence enveloped his wife as he rushed out of the Dragonwater Domain.

His wife didn’t need to withstand the immense pressure because he could use his Darkstar and Darkstar Quintessential Essence to do all that for him! He could borrow the wave’s strength to aid in their escape. No matter how strong the Dragonwater Domain was, Meng Chuan could still move at 30% of his maximum while carrying his wife.

Swoosh.

Blackrock helplessly watched as the couple exited the Dragonwater Domain. His slow speed made it impossible for him to chase after them.

Meng Chuan was too fast! At 30% of his maximum speed, he was considered one of the fastest Regis Godfiends! Meng Chuan could be said to be the fastest in the world!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241 - Fastest in the World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He’s so fast. Liu Qiyue also realized that her husband had quickly shaken off Blackrock while carrying her. They soon arrived at the periphery of the Dragonwater Domain.

Swoosh.

The couple rushed out of the Dragonwater Domain and quickly came to a halt.

“Qiyue, stay far away. I’ll hold back that greater demon monarch. Once a Regis Godfiend arrives, we can kill him,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission before chasing after Blackrock.

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue nodded with anticipation. Of course, she was excited to be able to live on. She still wanted to accompany her husband in battle and watch their children grow up.

As he watched Meng Chuan escape with his wife, Blackrock’s body shrunk to the size of an ordinary person. At the same time, he dispelled the Dragonwater Domain.

I need to leave. Blackrock immediately burrowed into the ground.

Meng Chuan was still 2.5 kilometers away.

The moment Blackrock drilled into the ground, Meng Chuan arrived at the spot where he had burrowed. He covered 2.5 kilometers in the blink of an eye.

Meng Chuan opened his third eye—the Divine Eye of Lightning. He immediately probed the ground with his electromagnetic domain. He probed a quarter-kilometer deep underground. Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain quickly discovered that Blackrock had only managed to burrow 300 feet underground.

Found you. A cold glint flashed in Meng Chuan’s eyes. Protected by his Darkstar Quintessential Essence and Darkstar domain, Meng Chuan burrowed in the ground and chased after Blackrock.

Meng Chuan has become a Marquis Godfiend. His speed is unparalleled. If I’m caught by him, a Regis Godfiend will come as well.I’ll be in danger of dying. Blackrock knew this very well. Therefore, he waited for Meng Chuan to escape the Dragonwater Domain with Liu Qiyue before immediately dispelling the domain and burrowing into the ground.

Many things obstruct Godfiends from scanning the underground on a large scale. The various probing methods-Essence Soul domain, Darkstar domain, and Quintessential Essence domain-will are greatly weakened when used to scan the underground. Even if I’m only 100 feet away from him, he won’t be able to sense me. Blackrock was filled with confidence.

The earth was the foundation of the world; it could bear the growth of all things. It was so dense and heavy that it almost completely suppressed all domains. The domains that were only slightly weakened were extremely impressive.

King White Treasure cultivated the Samsara Divine Body. The reconnaissance technique he created was the Nine Heavens, Ten Earths. The technique contained the mysteries of the world, which was why its effects were only slightly weakened when used to scan underground.

Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain was a divine power. It spanned 2.5 kilometers aboveground. It had a tenth of its range underground-a quarter-kilometer. This was considered a rather small reduction in effectiveness. The earth didn’t suppress the electromagnetic domain very much.

Huh? Although electromagnetic fluctuations could not be seen with the naked eye, a fourth Firmament demon monarch could isolate all auras and distort light. Naturally, he could detect electromagnetic fluctuations.

Electromagnetism and light were closely related.

A domain? Blackrock was alarmed. Dense electromagnetic waves swept past him-he could not hide at all.

Meng Chuan burrowed through the ground. Although soil impeded his underground travel, it wasn’t as obstructive as the Dragonwater Domain. With his Darkstar domain, Meng Chuan moved at 70% of his maximum speed underground; thus, he easily caught up to Blackrock.

As a Great Solar Godfiend with a perfected Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, I could match the speed of a Regis Godfiend. As a Marquis Godfiend, I should be the fastest in the world. However, I estimate that my speed is on par with a Creation Supremacy. Meng Chuan didn’t know how fast a Creation Supremacy was, so it was just a guess. Any information regarding Creation Supremacies was a secret. All he knew was the tip of the iceberg.

According to records, he could travel five kilometers in a second as a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend with a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body! However, Meng Chuan was different. It might’ve been because his Godfiend body had been forged with nine bolts of heavenly lightning. It was also because his body was extremely strong, so his meridians could withstand greater bursts of Quintessential Essence; thus, making him even faster.

It was also possible that the electromagnetic field-generated by every particle space in his body-had been strengthened.

In short, Meng Chuan could reach 7.5 kilometers in a second! His speed was extremely terrifying. A typical Regis Godfiend could only travel about one kilometer in a second. Among Regis Godfiends, moving 1.45 kilometers in a second was considered relatively fast! Moving two kilometers in a second? That was considered extremely fast among Regis Godfiends.

My greatest advantage is speed. I’m much inferior in other aspects. Meng Chuan was very clear-headed. He understood this when he chose his cultivation path. When dealing with an enemy, I have to attack the enemy’s weaknesses with my strengths! For example, this greater demon monarch can’t be injured easily. I can’t do anything about it. However, I can follow it. It can’t escape me. It will die once a Regis Godfiend arrives.

As he chased, Meng Chuan constantly requested for help through his token. This allowed the Regis Godfiend to know his exact location. After all, his position was constantly changing because he was chasing after Blackrock.

Boom!

Suddenly, a sledgehammer flew towards him.

Meng Chuan had kept the Divine Eye of Lightning open the entire time. Thus, he naturally noticed his opponent’s attack through his electromagnetic domain. With a flash, he easily dodged the hammer. To Meng Chuan, the soil was as much an obstacle to him as the air was an obstacle to mortals.

To think that you are also skilled in domains. You are able to track me while underground. Blackrock’s eyes were filled with anger. In that case, either you die, or I die.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan moved like a ghost. No matter how Blackrock attacked, Meng Chuan stayed 100 feet from him.

“Do you only know how to dodge? Do you not dare to fight me?” Blackrock roared. Suddenly, without any warning, he opened his mouth and spat out a golden flame. It burned the soil and rocks. It was thanks to this fire-type divine power that he dared to devour Liu Qiyue’s phoenix flames.

Meng Chuan thought nothing of it. His Darkstar domain easily repelled the golden flame, causing it to move slower and slower. The flame was extremely hot and could incinerate many objects. However, with the Darkstar domain repelling the golden flame, it was unable to deal any damage to Meng Chuan. Meng Chuan prevented the golden flame from coming close to him.

When Blackrock had used the Dragonwater Domain, water filled the entire region. If he wanted to use this flame-type divine power, he would’ve needed to make the water avoid it. Otherwise, the golden flame’s power would be greatly reduced when it collided with the water.

“In close combat, it’s useful against demon monarchs,” said Meng Chuan indifferently. “However, that golden flame is a joke to Marquis Godfiends.”

Blackrock suddenly stopped and sent a voice transmission. “As long as you spare me, I’m willing to destroy my demon core and hand over all my treasures to you.”

“You will definitely die today. No one can save you,” said Meng Chuan. “Then, I’ll destroy a human city before I die. A county city is about 15 kilometers from where we are. I’ll kill all the mortals there,” said Blackrock. “Eastcalm Prefecture City is 65 kilometers from here... I’ll storm my way there.”

“I said that you would definitely die today!” said Meng Chuan. “It’s impossible for you to reach the county city.” “Damn it.” Blackrock roared as he soared towards the surface. He rapidly rushed up hundreds of feet toward the surface.

After returning to the surface, he transformed back into his 1000-foot-tall mountain demon form. He took a huge step with his legs—which resembled heavenly pillars-and charged towards the nearest county city. The ground quaked as he ran.

Some of the mortals in the wilderness watched as the giant mountain demon dashed forward. They couldn’t help but be stunned.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Water killed the mortals Blackrock discovered in a 2.5-kilometer radius as he ran towards a county city.

This made Meng Chuan’s expression turn colder. He could not let this greater demon monarch live!

Why hasn’t the Regis Godfiend arrived yet? Meng Chuan requested for help again through his identity token. If I let the greater demon monarch enter a county city, everyone in the city will die. I have to do my best to stop it.

Meng Chuan transformed into a phantom and charged at Blackrock.

Huh? Upon seeing this, Blackrock was delighted. Two sledgehammers appeared in his hands as he immediately swung them towards Meng Chuan. With a poof, Meng Chuan’s figure dissipated.A fake? Blackrock’s eyes were filled with solemnity.

Many Meng Chuans appeared around Blackrock. He allowed Blackrock to swing his sledgehammers. The sledgehammers had terrifying might, but they failed to touch Meng Chuan’s true body.

Rip!

Meng Chuan executed Tiger Roar Stance and the saber beam pierced Blackrock’s body, producing a ten-foot-long rift. However, it was only five feet deep! Following that, the rift quickly closed.

As a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend, I am as strong as a peak Marquis Godfiend after casting a forbidden Godfiend spell and using the Power of Essence Soul. However, my attacks can only tickle it?

Slash! Slash! Boom!

Blackrock’s body was covered in cracks and craters. Meng Chuan’s attacks were clearly much stronger than Liu Qiyue’s arrows, but Blackrock thought nothing of them. His massive body easily recovered. I can’t touch him at all! Blackrock was annoyed as well. Meng Chuan’s movements were too agile and ghostly. At that moment, a black stream of light rushed over from afar. It was King Luyuewho had rushed over with all his might.

I’ve arrived.Meng Chuan and his wife are right in front. King Luyue saw the towering mountain demon monarch from afar. He couldn’t help but feel relieved. From the Patroller token, he could sense that Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were still alive. I’m not too late!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242 - The Fate of Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

King Luyue first saw Blackrock. When he was closer, he saw the tiny Meng Chuan.

The 1000-foot-tall Blackrock was like a mountain. In front of him, Meng Chuan was indeed very ‘tiny.’

The two continued to run across the wilderness as their powers spread out in all directions.

Darkstar domain? King Luyue stared at the dark-red nebulae surrounding Meng Chuan in shock. Meng Chuan has become a Marquis Godfiend? Furthermore, this greater demon monarch can’t touch him at all. He’s even fleeing while fighting. The greater demon monarch is the one fleeing while Meng Chuan chases after it?

King Luyue was astonished. The situation before him was completely unexpected, but he still rushed over to help immediately.

King Luyue. As Meng Chuan attacked Blackrock continuously, he discovered a black-haired elder within his 2.5-kilometer-wide electromagnetic domain; it was the familiar King Luyue.

Meng Chuan immediately sent a voice transmission. “Senior Brother Gu, quickly attack and kill this great demon monarch.”

When King Luyue was 2.5 kilometers away from meng Chuan, he couldn’t help but sigh when he sensed the existence of the electromagnetic domain. This newly-advanced Junior Brother Meng Chuan actually has such a strong reconnaissance domain?

King Luyue’s arrival excited Meng Chuan. He’s finally here.

However, Blackrock despaired. I originally planned on burrowing into the ground to escape, but Meng Chuan is actually good at underground reconnaissance. I wanted to rush to the nearest county city and use the mortals as hostages, but this Regis Godfiend arrived. Blackrock sighed inwardly. If only I were not a mountain demon, but a demon that specializes in escaping, how good would that

be?

In the human world, escaping was the most important ability for demon monarchs. Although mountain demons were very strong in head-on assaults, they were very ordinary when it came to escaping.

When humans request for help, powerful Godfiends will immediately rush over. As for me? It’s impossible for a demon sage to come. Blackrock stopped running. With a flip of his hand, a token appeared in his gigantic stone palm. His token could only pinpoint his current location, determine whether he was alive, and allow him to request for help.

Demon monarchs’ requests for help were divided into different ranks, such as Marquis Godfiend threat, Regis Godfiend threat, and Creation Supremacy threat.

That was all their tokens could do.

The demons’ system for reinforcement requests is a joke. Blackrock clenched his fist.

Crack!

His token shattered as he looked at Meng Chuan—who had already retreated to the side. Meng Chuan has already become a Marquis Godfiend. With his Essence Soul cultivation talent, he will probably become more and more terrifying in the future... He will become a calamity for us demons.

If I’m going to die, why should I care about the fate of the demons? In the eyes of demon sages and Imperial Lords, us fourth Firmament demon monarchs are not worth mentioning

A long time ago, he was forced to infiltrate the human world through an unstable World Entrance. At that time, he was only a second Firmament demon monarch. He had no right to choose. Rejecting meant death!

In the human world, he lay dormant and cultivated silently. He obediently listened to his superiors’ orders so that he could obtain treasures, allowing his cultivation to progress further. He had become a third Firmament demon monarch, then a fourth Firmament demon monarch. He had even gained the right to command all demon monarchs in the Great Zhou Dynasty. He even thought that his value to the demons’ upper echelons would drastically change once he became a fifth Firmament demon monarch.

The black-haired elder-King Luyuelevitated in midair. Black ripples emanated out from King Luyue’s body, causing Blackrock to panic.

“Demon Monarch, you have a chance to live,” said the black-haired elder.

“Live?” Blackrock was stunned.

Meng Chuan and his wife, Liu Qiyue, met up. They were stunned when they heard that.

“Ah Chuan, King Luyue wants to let that demon monarch off?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“Let’s listen.” Meng Chuan remained calm. The best choice was to kill Blackrock because he knew of his Essence Soul cultivation talent.

“How can I live? You’ll let me go?” Blackrock sneered. “I’ve never heard of you humans letting demon monarchs go.”

“There are two ways for you to live,” said King Luyue with a smile. “One, i’ll send you to Archean Mountain. You are to give up control willingly without any resistance. We humans can control your Essence Soul. From then on, you will be absolutely loyal to humans. We will naturally trust you.”

“Control my Essence Soul? Like those avian demon monarchs?” Blackrock sneered, but he was tempted by the offer.

He would be absolutely loyal to whoever controlled his Essence Soul. Humans could easily control demon monarchs that had yet to condense an Essence Soul. However, demon monarchs with Essence Souls were a lot more troublesome to control. Typically, a demon monarch with an Essence Soul had to be willing and have zero resistance to being controlled before there was any hope of controlling them.

“The second method is to enter one of Archean Mountain’s several grotto-heaven worlds. You can enter a grotto-heaven world and cultivate there. Without Archean Mountain’s permission, you are unable to contact the outside world. You have to live there your entire life,” said the black-haired elder.

“Live in a grotto-heaven world?” Blackrock was somewhat tempted. He knew that Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s headquarters was in a large grotto-heaven world.

Archean Mountain was the most ancient human sect. It also had many grotto-heaven worlds. After entering, he naturally couldn’t leave without permission. However, he would be far away from the war. As a mountain demon, he liked to stay in a place without moving. He would be quite pleased to stay motionless for ten years.

“Why are you willing to keep me alive?” asked Blackrock.

“It’s because of the intelligence you will provide,” said King Luyue with a smile. “It’ll be of great help to humanity. Thus, you will naturally be allowed to live.”

“I want to meet a Creation Supremacy,” said Blackrock.

“Alright.” King Luyue smiled and nodded.

Blackrock had returned to the height of a normal human. His demonic powers were sealed and followed King Luyue without any resistance.

“Haha. Junior Brother Meng, you are very impressive.” King Luyue brought Blackrock and flew to Meng Chuan and his wife.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue glanced at Blackrock.

“In the blink of an eye, we are already senior and junior brothers.” King Luyue smiled at the couple. “You have done a great deed this time. Typically, most fourth Firmament demon monarchs in the human world have just broken through. For a fourth Firmament demon monarch to have the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiend, it must’ve lurked in the human world for many years to reach this stage. There are very few fourth Firmament demon monarchs with such strength.

“If it weren’t for you attacking it, it would probably have fled long ago. That would’ve resulted in countless mortals and many Godfiends dying.”

“Qiyue was forced to cast Phoenix’s Nirvana,” said Meng Chuan. “I was forced to make a sudden breakthrough. I was lucky enough to become a Marquis Godfiend. That’s how I managed to prevent it from escaping.”

“A sudden breakthrough?” King Luyue was alarmed.

“That’s right.” Blackrock stared at Meng Chuan with a complicated look. “This Meng Chuan of your human race is truly a monster. Under the threat of death, he reached the Realm of Dao. Then, he forcefully broke through to the Darkstar realm. Even when suppressed by the Dragonwater Domain, he was still faster than me while carrying his wife. Even though I fled underground, he could still find me. I lost to him fair and square.”“A way to scan the underground on a large scale?” King Luyue’s eyes lit up. “Meng Chuan, how deep can your technique probe?”

Now, humans were in desperate need of Godfiends that were skilled at underground reconnaissance. King White Treasure from Black Sand Grotto-Heaven had a battle record that was better than all the other Godfiends of his sect combined. From this, one could tell how useful an underground reconnaissance expert was.

“I’m only capable of probing a quarter-kilometer deep. I’m far inferior to King White Treasure,” said Meng Chuan.

“Just a quarter-kilometer?” King Luyue frowned slightly.

A quarter-kilometer was less than 1000 feet. Meng Chuan would be more useful aboveground than conducting underground reconnaissance.

“Senior Brother Gu, are you planning to bring this greater demon monarch to Luo Tang City Pass?” asked Meng Chuan. “Since you have become a Marquis Godfiend, come with me,” said King Luyue. “If you go there, you will meet Supremacy Luo Tang along with Supremacy Qin Wu.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan smiled and nodded. “I do plan on making a trip.”

His Essence Soul cultivation talent was a secret. His master had also instructed him to keep it a secret. Since Blackrock knew of his Essence Soul cultivation talent, he naturally had to report it to Supremacy Qin Wu.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243 - I Have a Life-Preserving Treasure?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Junior Brother Meng, why don’t you do the honors? You are faster,” said King Luyue with a smile.

Meng Chuan nodded. “Okay.”

Meng Chuan’s Darkstar domain enveloped the four of them, and with a whoosh, they transformed into a bolt of lightning and headed straight for Luo Tang Pass.

King Luyue and Blackrock were somewhat alarmed. To fly at such insane speeds while carrying the three of them was truly unbelievable.

“You are still much faster than me despite carrying the three of us,” said King Luyue wistfully. “It’s no wonder that Lightning Devastator Fiend Body Marquis Godfiends are at the top of the world in regards to speed. In this day and age, only when one is fast can they protect a larger territory. It’d be good if we humans had more powerful Godfiends that cultivate the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. Unfortunately, it’s too difficult to cultivate.”

“It’s difficult.” Meng Chuan nodded.

The 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies could be separated into three different cultivation difficulty levels. The Phoenix Divine Body and the Dragon Divine Body were in a different category altogether because one required the prerequisite bloodline just to begin cultivating them.

Next, the five more difficult transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies: Samsara Divine Body, Great Strength Fiend Body, Archean Divine Body, Lightning Devastator Fiend Body, and Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body. Very few Godfiends mastered these Godfiend bodies. Among the Marquis Godfiends and Regis Godfiends in the world, there weren’t more than a handful of them. For example, Meng Chuan was currently the only Lightning Devastator Fiend Body Marquis Godfiend in the world.

The last five transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies are the easiest to cultivate out of the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. Xue Feng, Yan Jin, Xiao Yunyue, Yan Chitong, and others, cultivated one of these lower-difficulty transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies.

“Luo Tang Pass.” Meng Chuan and company saw Luo Tang Pass from afar. It was an extremely bustling and beautiful city. In recent years, since the demons had invaded the human world en masse, many people had moved to Luo Tang Pass. Many towns had appeared around Luo Tang Pass.

“Luo Tang Pass’s population has exceeded 20 million.” King Luyue looked down and sighed. “Over the past few years, too many people have rushed here.”

“The population of Jiang State Capital, Wu State Capital, and many other state capitals have increased greatly over the past few years,” said Meng Chuan. “The populations of Jiang State Capital and Wu State Capital are now more than ten million. However, it isn’t easy to provide for ten million people daily. The most lacking resource is food! We need more people to produce food.”

“Yes, food.” King Luyue nodded. “I heard that several of our Archean Mountain’s grotto-heaven worlds are currently planting food. Unfortunately, the grotto-heaven worlds are rather small. The foundation of those worlds is limited. The amount of food that can be grown in our grotto-heaven worlds is far inferior to what the outside world can produce. There is plenty of land here, but with the demons wreaking havoc...”

Meng Chuan nodded. Luo Tang Pass, some state capitals, and prefectures had a large increase in population, causing them to become more and more prosperous. However, this prosperity came with massive costs. The total human population was actually declining, and the living environment in other places was much worse.

“City Lord Manor.” King Luyue pointed at the most conspicuous building complex. “Supremacy Luo Tang is there. I’ll bring you there.”

Whoosh.

The group of four flew to City Lord Manor and landed in a pavilion.

“The demon monarch and I will stay here for now.” King Luyue smiled as he pointed at the limestone road ahead. “Follow this path and enter the garden in front. You will see the two Supremacies. The two Supremacies want to meet you first.”

“Senior Brother Gu, we will head over first.” Meng Chuan led his wife, Liu Qiyue, over to the garden. They walked across the limestone road and entered the garden.

In the garden, they could see an illusory Supremacy Qin Wu sitting opposite Supremacy Luo Tang as they played chess.

“Come, it’s your turn.” Supremacy Luo Tang became more confident after she made a move.

The illusory Qin Wu frowned as he pondered his next move. Every time he appeared, Luo Tang forced him to play chess. It always left him with a headache.

“Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are here.” Qin Wu immediately put down his chess piece and smiled at the couple. “Luo Tang, let’s get down to business first.”

Luo Tang could only turn to look at Meng Chuan and his wife.

“Greetings, Master, Supremacy.” Meng Chuan bowed respectfully.

“Greetings, Master, Aunt-Master.” Liu Qiyue was equally respectful.

“Tell me what happened,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “From the looks of it, both of you have changed drastically.”

Meng Chuan and his wife exchanged looks before Meng Chuan took the initiative to say, “Qiyue and I received a request for help from Eastcalm Prefecture’s Zhenyou County. Therefore, we immediately rushed over. To our surprise, a fourth Firmament demon monarch as strong as a peak Marquis Godfiend was hiding there. It used its domain to trap us. It wanted to kill us, so Qiyue was forced to cast Phoenix’s Nirvana...”

The entire ordeal was explained in detail.

“I chased after the greater demon monarch and waited for Senior Brother Gu to arrive,” said Meng Chuan.

“You broke through during such a dire situation?” Qin Wu and Luo Tang exchanged looks as they felt a lingering fear.

Such actions were really risky. Archean Mountain had placed many hopes on Meng Chuan.

“There was nothing else I could do. I wanted to save Qiyue,” said Meng Chuan. Although Liu Qiyue felt that her husband had taken a huge risk, she still felt delighted.

“Thankfully, you have a third-level Essence Soul. It’s much stronger than a first-level Essence Soul that’s needed to become a Marquis Godfiend.” Qin Wu shook his head. “Don’t take such risks in the future. Your life isn’t just yours. It affects many others as well.”

Meng Chuan said, “I understand. By the way, I used the Soul-Vanquishing Spike to deal with the greater demon monarch. It knows about my third-level Essence Soul.”

“Remember to keep your third-level Essence Soul a secret.” Qin Wu looked at Liu Qiyue. “Liu Qiyue, if this secret is leaked, it will bring great trouble to your husband.” “I’ll definitely keep it a secret.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

“Although you have experienced some danger, it’s a joyous occasion for us humans to see the both of you become Marquis Godfiends,” said Qin Wu with a smile.

“Both of us become Marquis Godfiends?” Meng Chuan was taken aback.

Luo Tang laughed. “You might not be aware of it, but your wife has already condensed an Essence Soul.”

Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue smiled and nodded. “When I maintained Phoenix’s Nirvana, my soul kept strengthening. Now, I have condensed an Essence Soul.”

Since Liu Qiyue had an Essence Soul and had reached the Realm of Dao, she only needed to enter seclusion and break through to the Darkstar realm.

“The reason why she was able to condense an Essence Soul so quickly was because she cast Phoenix’s Nirvana for a long time,” said Luo Tang. “She lost 18 years of her lifespan. Typically, one wouldn’t need to cast Phoenix’s Nirvana for so long. After her strength increases greatly, she should immediately stop casting Phoenix’s Nirvana after shooting a handful of arrows at her enemies. Typically, she would only lose one year of her lifespan.”

“She lost 18 years of her lifespan?” Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue.

Liu Qiyue was one year younger than himshe was only 37 years old. However, she had lost 18 years of her lifespan after casting Phoenix’s Nirvana?

Liu Qiyue smiled. “Marquis Godfiends have a 300-year lifespan.”

“Two Marquis Godfiends are much more useful. Archean Mountain’s arrangements for the two of you will also change,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “Return to Gu Mountain Prefecture City and wait. Your new arrangements will be decided soon.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue nodded. They were proud that they could be of greater use.

“Meng Chuan, give me your identity token,” said Luo Tang suddenly.

Meng Chuan was slightly puzzled. He took out his identity token and placed it on the chessboard.Every Archean Mountain disciple had an identity token. They could use it to request for help, and it also allowed Archean Mountain to keep track of whether they were alive or not.

Whoosh.

Luo Tang flipped her hand and took out an illusory golden sword from Meng Chuan’s identity token.

“This is?” Meng Chuan was astonished. He had never realized that an illusory golden sword had been hidden in his identity token. Just looking at the illusory golden sword made Meng Chuan feel suppressed and horrified.

It held a terrifying might.

“Your master thinks highly of you.” Luo Tang shot a glance at the illusory Qin Wu. “Before you left the mountain, he gave you this treasure to protect you from any accidents that befell on you.”

Meng Chuan understood that he actually had a treasure that could save his life. Before this, he had no idea of its existence at all.

“If you had known about this treasure, how would you hone your strength?” asked Qin Wu with a smile. “To be honest, I hoped that you would never need to use it. However, now that you’ve become a Marquis Godfiend, this treasure won’t be of much use to you. Your strength and life-preservation means should be enough to guarantee your safety now. This treasure can only kill ordinary fifth Firmament demon monarchs.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244 - Of Great Use
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were secretly astonished by the illusory golden sword. They had never heard of such a treasure before.

The illusory golden sword did not have any requirements on the user’s strength. One just needed to carry it. Once it activated, it could kill a fifth Firmament demon monarch.

The Skydemon Sect only has two fifth Firmament Skydemons. The Skydemon cultivation system is much weaker than the demon monarch cultivation system. The two sect masters are probably barely comparable to ordinary fifth Firmament demon monarchs. In other words, a Skydemon Sect Master will be killed by this treasure if they attack me personally?

“Archean Mountain has very few of such treasures,” said Luo Tang. “That’s why I said your master thinks highly of you.”

“Thank you, Master,” said Meng Chuan gratefully.

“You didn’t use it, so I managed to save it for later,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “By the way, how fast are you after becoming a Marquis Godfiend? Show me your speed.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan instantly moved. A bolt of lightning flashed above City Lord Manor, and Meng Chuan returned to his original position.

“You’re much faster than all the Marquis Godfiends that had cultivated the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body in history.” Luo Tang and Qin Wu’s eyes lit up as they exchanged looks.

“It’s all thanks to the physical body mystic technique that Master bestowed upon me. It’s very helpful for my movement techniques,” said Meng Chuan.

Qin Wu and Luo Tang naturally knew that he was referring to the physical body cultivation system he obtained from Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven. Qin Wu pondered for a moment and asked, “Are you willing to accept even harder missions in the future?”

Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up. He said, “I can’t wait to kill more demons.”

Killing a demon monarch would save countless people.

A little more hardship? Meng Chuan was naturally willing

“Okay.” Qin Wu and Luo Tang were satisfied. “The two of you can return to Gu Mountain Prefecture City first. After Liu Qiyue becomes a Marquis Godfiend, remember to send a letter to me. Note down the title you want in the letter as well. Otherwise, the Imperial Court will decide your title for you.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue immediately left.

Qin Wu and Luo Tang watched the two leave.

“Meng Chuan is really fast. He’s much faster than me,” Luo Tang couldn’t help but praise. “His speed is almost the same as yours.”

Qin Wu smiled. “His speed is several times that of a Regis Godfiend. He’s about ten times faster than a Marquis Godfiend. He will be ten times faster than other Marquis Godfiends when it comes to providing help. Other Marquis Godfiends might’ve only traveled 150 kilometers by the time he travels 1500 kilometers.”

“How do you plan on using him?” Luo Tang asked.

“Great power comes with great responsibilities,” said Qin Wu. “I plan on handing over six states’ rescue missions that require a Marquis Godfiend to him.”

“Six states?” Luo Tang nodded. “Even if it’s six states, he will arrive within five minutes.”

“Six states... The Marquis Godfiends responsible for those areas will be freed up,” said Qin Wu. “Up to ten Marquis Godfiends will be free after Meng Chuan takes over. Liu Qiyue can also be in charge of guarding a state capital; this will free up another Marquis Godfiend. Our Archean Mountain will have an additional 11 Marquis Godfiends to deploy anywhere.”

“Eleven Marquis Godfiends?” Luo Tang’s eyes lit up as she said excitedly, “We will have more manpower and can do a lot more.”

“It is indeed very helpful that they’ve become Marquis Godfiends.” Qin Wu was rather delighted

Following that, the two Supremacies finally met Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock.

“Greetings, human Supremacies. I’m Blackrock.” Blackrock was extremely respectful.

“As long as your information is important enough, you can live,” said King Luyue. “Quickly tell them everything.”

Blackrock looked at the two Supremacies. “King Luyue promised me that I could live in a grotto-heaven world.”

“What he says is our will.” Qin Wu smiled. “Don’t worry. We won’t trick a mere fourth Firmament demon monarch like you,” said Luo Tang

“Yes.” Only then did Blackrock relax. He said, “Supremacies, I was originally in charge of commanding all demons in the Great Zhou Dynasty.” Luo Tang and Qin Wu’s eyes lit up.

“Do you know where all the demon lairs in the Great Zhou Dynasty are located?” asked Luo Tang

“How is that possible?” Blackrock shook his head. “Every demon lair is a secret. Other than those that reside in each demon lair, not even the demon Imperial Lords know about them. Only by doing so can we ensure absolute secrecy and security. However, I know the distribution of demon monarchs in the Great Zhou Dynasty. I know their general information. Also, I know who the strongest demon monarch hiding in the human world is.”

“Who is it?” asked Qin Wu immediately, “Is it a fifth Firmament demon monarch?”

“A demon sage! Demon Sage Nine Abyss!” Blackrock said, “However, he’s very careful. He rarely attacks.”

“Demon Sage Nine Abyss?” Qin Wu and Luo Tang exchanged looks as their expressions changed.

Less than ten people in the Demon Realm knew of the demon sage that had infiltrated the human world through possession.

Until now, humanity did not know of this secret.

“Demon Sage Nine Abyss has cultivated for more than 1,300 years,” said Qin Wu. “Even if it’s a super-large city pass, a demon sage’s true body isn’t able to enter. Therefore, there’s only one possibility-Possession!” “It snuck into the human world by possessing a weak demon monarch and slowly recovered its strength?” Luo Tang nodded slightly. “Ultimately, it isn’t the demon sage’s true body. Therefore, it’ll be very difficult for the demon sage to recover to its peak strength. However, it’ll be relatively easy for it to have the strength of a fifth Firmament demon monarch. It seldom makes a move because it’s afraid of Creation Supremacies. When the demon sage recovers to its peak strength, it will probably be much bolder. It will also attack more frequently.” “Yes.” Qin Wu nodded softly.

“Where is Demon Sage Nine Abyss?” asked Luo Tang urgently.

“He’s in a small grotto-heaven world,” said Blackrock. “He often moves about. The last time I met the demon sage, he was in the South Sea.”

“Do you have a way to meet him again?” Luo Tang stared at Blackrock.

“Impossible,” said Blackrock. “We have to be summoned by the demon sage before we can head over. We will be ordered to go to a specific spot. Following that, spacetime will warp, and we will arrive at the small grotto-heaven world! Furthermore, I already crushed my identity token. The demon sage should know that my mission has failed.”

“Warping spacetime?” Luo Tang was astonished. “The demon sage has a treasure that can affect spacetime?”

Qin Wu shook his head gently. “A mobile, miniature grotto-heaven, a spacetime treasure, and other such treasures are bestowed by demon Imperial Lords. It’s an old fellow that has been a demon sage for many years. We won’t be able to find it since it is so careful when summoning the greater demon monarchs under its command.”“There will definitely be a way of finding it now that we know of its existence.” Luo Tang pondered. “We have to work with Two World Island and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven on this matter.”

Three days after returning to Gu Mountain Prefecture.

Liu Qiyue entered seclusion, preparing for her breakthrough. Meng Chuan had prepared certain items for his breakthrough, but he now gave them to his wife since he no longer needed them.

Qiyue has reached the Realm of Dao. She has also condensed an Essence Soul. Due to casting Phoenix’s Nirvana, her body is extremely powerful. Although she has lost 18 years of her lifespan, she’s only 37 years old. Her body’s vitality is still at its peak. There’s no reason for her to fail. Meng Chuan sat in a pavilion, drinking alone as he waited silently. At 60 years of age, a Great Solar Godfiend’s vitality would gradually decline. Therefore, the probability of becoming a Marquis Godfiend gradually decreased once a Great Solar Godfiend was over the age of 60. The older one was, the unlikelier it would be for them to become a Marquis Godfiend.

Meng Chuan consoled himself, but he still felt uneasy. After experiencing the breakthrough from the Great Solar realm to the Darkstar realm, he knew how dangerous it was.

She has to succeed. He couldn’t think about his wife’s possible failure.

Creak. A door-not far away-opened. Liu Qiyue walked out and smiled at Meng Chuan. A dark-red nebula surrounded her body.

Meng Chuan stood up in joy. He knocked over the alcohol flask beside him, causing the alcohol to spill.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245 - Marquis Couple (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

3rd September, the Imperial Court’s messengers arrived at the Meng family’s ancestral mansion. The Meng family’s elders led their clansmen to welcome them.

The ambassador loudly announced the two marquisate conferments!

“Young Master Meng Chuan has been conferred the title of marquis? His wife has also been conferred the title of marquis?”

“A marquis couple?”

Upon hearing the messengers’ announcement, many people were shocked. How high was the status of a Marquis Godfiend? How rare was it? In the entire Wu State, there were only three Marquis Godfiends alive. For two Marquis Godfiends to originate from Eastcalm Prefecture? It was something that the entire Eastcalm Prefecture could brag about for 1000 years.

“Have you heard? Senior Brother Meng Chuan has become a Marquis. His wife has also become a Marquis.”

“A marquis couple, and on the same day at that. This is truly unbelievable.”

“I don’t dare hope to become a marquis, much less marry a marquis as a wife. I’ll be satisfied as long as I can become a Godfiend.”

“You should work hard to reach the Mortal Shedding realm first. Marquis? Ha!”

Inside Mirror Lake Dao Academy, a group of Dao Academy disciples discussed Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

Since Meng Chuan had once cultivated here, Mirror Lake Dao Academy had grown in strength and size over the years. It became the undisputed number one Dao Academy in Eastcalm Prefecture. With a large number of people moving into the city, there five times as many disciples in Mirror Lake Dao Academy compared to when Meng Chuan’s time.

The Dao Academy continued to expand over the years. However, land in Eastcalm Prefecture City was too precious. Thus, the Dao Academy could no longer expand.

“Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue have become Marquises?” In a small building in Mirror Lake Dao Academy, Yun Qingping was writing when she suddenly stopped to listen to the discussions outside. She was the same age as Meng Chuan. She was already 38 years old this year.

In the blink of an eye, 20 years have passed. Back then, I felt that Meng Chuan would become more and more powerful. Now, he has already become a Marquis Godfiend. Even Liu Qiyue has become a Marquis Godfiend. Yun Qingping stopped writing and looked out the window blankly.

Twenty years. She had gone from being the eldest daughter of the Yun family to a lecturer in Mirror Lake Dao Academy. She had experienced a lot. She had set her mind on cultivation and worked hard to become a Godfiend. However, as she grew older, she realized that she didn’t have what it took to become a Godfiend. She became a Mirror Lake Dao Academy lecturer and worked hard to teach her disciples.

What about me? It’s been 20 years. I’ve already reached the Impervious realm. I haven’t even achieved Sword Force. It’s probably not bad if I can achieve Sword Force before I turn old. Yun Qingping laughed self-deprecatingly. Humans are indeed different. The best I can achieve in life is what Meng Chuan achieved when he was young.

In the past 20 years, she had completely fallen out with her father and left the family to roam the world with her sword. She had once fallen in love, but because of the demons, she was alone again. She hated the demons to the bone...

She once wanted to become stronger, to become a Godfiend, and kill demons. However, she realized her limited potential and became a lecturer at Mirror Lake Dao Academy.

I’m weak, but I can still teach batches of disciples. I hope that some of my disciples will become Godfiends and kill more demons. Yun Qingping continued writing. She taught every disciple very seriously, and she was very well-liked in the Dao Academy. Even after 20 years, nobody dared to publicize Meng Chuan and Yun Qinping’s annulled engagement because they were afraid that they would offend the Meng family.

Therefore, the young disciples in Mirror Lake Dao Academy didn’t know the relationship between their Lecturer Yun and Meng Chuan.

Over the years, the population in Jiang State Capital had surged-exceeding over ten million people. In terms of population in the Great Zhou Dynasty, Jiang State Capital was ranked in the top ten.

“Jiang State Capital.” Meng Chuan’s family descended past the clouds and looked down at the magnificent city.

“That’s Meng Manor, our future home.” Meng Chuan pointed at a manor that spanned an extremely wide area. There was a lake in the manor, which showed how big it was.

“How big.” Meng Dajiang marveled. “This is the state capital. Every inch of land is worth its weight in gold, yet we are living in such a big compound?

“I’ve been to Jiang State Capital before. I’ve never seen such a big compound in the vicinity of Starmoon Lake,” said Liu Yebai.

The family landed in front of the manor.

“Meng Manor.” Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Meng Dajiang, Liu Yebai, and the two toddlers looked at the manor entrance. The signboard above the entrance had the words “Meng Manor.”

A thin man quickly ran out of Meng Manor. He was an Indestructible Godfiend. He bowed respectfully to Meng Chuan and his wife, and said, “Greetings Marquis Eastcalm and Marchioness Calmmoon.”

“Is this newly built?” asked Meng Chuan. “Yes.” The thin man said immediately, “It was built on the orders from Archean Mountain. They have compensated the various families in the vicinity of Starmoon Lake and moved them to other parts of the city. Archean Mountain won’t bully mortals. Several Godfiends built this manor personally. It was built within a month. Also, Starmoon Lake is in the manor. This way, Marchioness Calmmoon will be able to practice her archery in the manor.”

Meng Chuan nodded and led his family inside.

“This mansion is rather large,” said Meng Dajiang. “From the sky, it looks much bigger than our Meng family’s ancestral mansion, and this manor is in Jiang State Capital.”

“Compared to Marquis Eastcalm and Marchioness Calmmoon, this is nothing,” said the thin man beside him with a smile.

“It’s so big. There are too few of us staying here,” said Meng Chuan. “Dad, you can arrange for thousands of clansmen from Eastcalm Prefecture to stay here. Such a large compound... It will be a lot more lively when there are more people. Our family will stay here for a long time.”

“Alright.” Meng Dajiang nodded. There would still be plenty of space even if thousands of people lived in a large Godfiend manor that spanned several kilometers. That day, a group of Godfiends came to pay their respects to Liu Qiyue. “Greetings, Marchioness Calmmoon.”

The dozen or so Godfiends were extremely respectful. Liu Qiyue sat in the seat of honor and flipped through a dossier. She indifferently said, “According to Archean Mountain’s arrangements, I will be in charge of Jiang State’s Earth Net from now on. However, I need to guard Jiang State Capital and have other matters to attend to. Therefore, Earth Net intelligence dossiers are to be delivered to the manor every day. I will read them carefully. You can settle day-to-day matters directly. I will decide on important matters.”

“Yes,” said the Earth Net Godfiends respectfully.

“Alright, you are dismissed.” Liu Qiyue nodded. From now on, she would be stationed in Jiang State Capital and guarded over ten million people. As a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend, Liu Qiyue could unleash the strength of an ordinary Regis Godfiend after casting Phoenix’s Nirvana. All the major families in Jiang State Capital welcomed this new Marquis Godfiend.

As for commanding Earth Net? It was just a routine matter! The ordinary Godfiends settled all the miscellaneous matters. She just needed to monitor them.“All the Earth Net Godfiends have left?” Meng Chuan sat in his study and flipped through a dossier; it was from Archean Mountain.

“It’s normal for them to visit me, a nominal leader,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “In fact, I’m still very relaxed. My main job is to guard Jiang State Capital. Ah Chuan, you’re much busier than me.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “In the future, my designated 1500-kilometer-wide rescue area will be centered around Jiang State Capital. There are a total of 119 prefectures. In fact, it’s equivalent to six states. Master really trusts me. He trusted me enough to rescue cities in six different states.”

“The other Marquis Godfiends need to buy their own land and build their own manors. Archean Mountain gave us a large manor. If the mission was easy, I’m afraid there wouldn’t be such a good thing,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan put down the dossier and gently pulled his wife into his arms. “Qiyue, we will be staying in Jiang State Capital for the foreseeable future.”

“I’m only guarding Jiang State Capital. You have to protect six states. Be careful,” Liu Qiyue said softly. “Don’t worry. Your husband is quite skilled when it comes to escaping,” said Meng Chuan with a smile.

Liu Qiyue leaned into Meng Chuan’s embrace and closed her eyes, enjoying the tranquility.

Final Chapter of Volume-Marquis Eastcalm Meng Chuan

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246 - 114 Seconds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

20th September.

In a dilapidated county city in Hu State, several plumes of smoke rose into the sky. This county city only had a population of about 20,000 people, and they all hid in the underground tunnels as per normal protocol.

A cat demon wantonly massacred humans.

About half a kilometer away from the cat demon monarch was a dilapidated restaurant. From afar, five demon monarchs watched the scene on the top floor.

“The cat demon is busy massacring humans. A Godfiend team will soon arrive. We will cast forbidden spells the moment we take action,” said the skinny leader in a deep voice.

“Archean Mountain’s Godfiend teams are very powerful. They have excellent teamwork. Brother, isn’t the time limit of 150 seconds a little too short? Why don’t we increase it a little? How about 240 seconds?”

“That’s right. Once 150 seconds are up, we have to retreat. That’s too little time! Last time, we killed a Godfiend. The remaining three Godfiends were clearly much weaker. If we had spent another 30 seconds attacking them, we would have definitely wiped them out. However, you still want us to retreat after 150 seconds are up. We have been in the human world for more than a year, but we only managed to kill one Great Solar Godfiend.”

“Fool! Brother is being careful. Only by being careful can we live long. Once a Marquis Godfiend arrives, we won’t be able to escape,” retorted a demon monarch.

“In the human world, survival is of utmost importance,” said another demon monarch.

The skinny leader looked into the distance with his dark yellow eyes. He indifferently said, “You have to listen to my orders if you’re in my team. No matter how tempted you are, you have to retreat after 150 seconds are up. This is my rule.”

“They’re coming.”

“The Godfiends are here.”

The five demon monarchs saw a huge bird flying over from afar. Four Godfiends jumped down from the sky.

“It’s a Great Solar Godfiend team. Attack,” ordered the skinny man.

In the human world, there were very few elite demon monarch teams. These elite demon monarch teams consisted of the 300 elite demon monarchs that Demon Sage Nine Abyss had personally received when they entered the human world. Over a hundred elite demon monarch teams were formed and scattered throughout the human world. There were only a few dozen elite demon monarch teams in each dynasty’s territory. Every elite demon monarch team was extremely cautious and wouldn’t take action easily.

If they saw a Marquis Godfiend arrive, they would immediately burrow into the ground. Some demon monarchs were adept at escaping underground.

This five-man elite demon monarch team would only attack when a Great Solar Godfiend team arrived.

Pfft.

The cat demon monarch fled in panic, but a sword beam killed it. The cat demon monarch was split in half, and the corpse fell into a ruined building.

At that moment, five figures suddenly attacked the Godfiend team from hundreds of feet away. At the same time, red mist permeated a half-kilometer area and enveloped the four Godfiends.

“Not good. Request for reinforcements.” The Godfiend team was very experienced. They immediately requested for help. At the same time, they cast forbidden Godfiend spells and resisted the attacks.

They did not seek success; they just hoped for nobody to make a mistake. Based on experience, Archean Mountain’s Godfiend teams were generally weaker than elite demon monarch teams.

Although there was usually one person in a Godfiend team that had the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend when they went all-out and the Godfiends worked well together, the elite demon monarch teams were still stronger. In an elite demon monarch team, typically, two demon monarchs had the strength of a weak Marquis Godfiend. Some also had strong divine powers.

“They will naturally retreat after we hold on for a bit longer.”

“If they don’t retreat, a Marquis Godfiend will arrive.” The Godfiend team was very confident in their chances of survival. They didn’t wish to kill their enemies; they just wanted to stall for time.

In a situation where the strength difference wasn’t too great, there was some hope of stalling for enough time.

“Kill!” The five demon monarchs went completely mad.

The leader, the skinny demon monarch, transformed into an illusory shadow as he attacked crazily and strangely. A bear demon monarch brandished his axe and cleaved down. The other three demon monarchs also executed various attacks.

“Ah, the leader of this elite demon monarch team is too fast. Its claws are too ruthless.” A dual-wielding Godfiend resisted with great difficulty. A wound appeared on his arm. The robe bestowed by Archean Mountain had been torn. It showed how powerful the demon monarch’s claws were. “My right arm is injured. I can’t last much longer.”

“Leave the demon monarch leader to me. Junior Brother Lu, hold back the other two demon monarchs.” said an elderly Godfiend —that held a shield and a battle saber.

Time passed as the four Godfiends supported each other.

Thirty seconds, sixty seconds, ninety seconds...

“Ugh.” The Godfiend—who had been injured earlier-saw his arm flying. This caused the expressions of the other three Godfiends to change drastically.

“Junior Brother Lu!”

“Senior Brother Lu!”

“Kill them within 150 seconds.” The five demon monarchs were overjoyed. As long as one Godfiend lost their peak combat strength, they would be able to kill the other three Godfiends.

Huh? The five demon monarchs suddenly sensed something. They looked over and saw a blurry lightning-clad figure appear. The figure stood on a dilapidated street in the county city. Before they could even make out the blurry figure’s appearance, they saw a billowing black baneful aura transform into five black serpents that coiled around the five of them. Two demon monarchs froze to death on the spot. The remaining three were greatly weakened by the baneful aura and the Darkstar domain. The three remaining demon monarchs—who barely survived-felt suffocated.

Not good. It’s only been 114 seconds. How did a Marquis Godfiend arrive so quickly? The two weaker demon monarchs died on the spot in despair as a saber beam pierced their heads.

The demon monarch leader escaped quickly as he despaired. The closest prefecture city is 390 kilometers away. A Marquis Godfiend usually takes 300 seconds to arrive. It’s only been 114 seconds. How did a Marquis Godfiend arrive so quickly? Could he be guarding this prefecture? If he was guarding this prefecture, why would a Godfiend team be sent to rescue this county city instead of a Marquis Godfiend?

The skinny demon monarch didn’t understand why a Marquis Godfiend had arrived so quickly.

Humans had lacking manpower. Godfiend teams were usually responsible for patrolling two or three prefectures. Marquis Godfiends typically guarded two to three prefectures and were also responsible for rescuing any Godfiend team nearby.

If this prefecture was guarded by this Marquis Godfiend—who had rescued the Godfiend team—then the Godfiend team wouldn’t have even been sent over in the first place.

Pfft.

A saber beam penetrated the demon monarch’s glabella. His body withered before turning into dust and scattering. Only then did Meng Chuan walk to the other four demon monarchs’ corpses. He slashed each of them and let Demon Slayer absorb two demon monarchs’ blood.

“Uncle-Master Meng.” The four Great Solar Godfiends were overjoyed when they saw Meng Chuan. Marquis Eastcalm, Meng Chuan! He was the fastest in the world! Who didn’t know that?

Meng Chuan smiled at them and saw the Godfiend missing an arm. He couldn’t help but say, “Quickly go to Archean Mountain and treat your injuries.”

“Haha, it’s just a minor injury. It’s all thanks to Uncle-Master Meng this time. If not, we would be in big trouble.”

“Uncle-Master Meng’s speed is indeed unparalleled. You arrived in less than 150 seconds.”

They were overjoyed and shocked. Meng Chuan had taken only 114 seconds-a very short amount of time—to travel 1720 kilometers!

Five minutes was 300 seconds. Most Marquis Godfiends would only travel slightly over 50 kilometers in 114 seconds. It was equivalent to traveling from Jiang State Capital’s southern city wall to its northern city wall. Since their speed only amounted to that, most Marquis Godfiends were unable to rescue Godfiend teams in time.Therefore, this elite demon monarch team had chosen to retreat after 150 seconds. They were already extremely cautious compared to other elite demon monarch teams.

Unfortunately, Meng Chuan was now responsible for rescuing Godfiend teams in six different states! Meng chuan was much faster than even Regis Godfiends!

Meng Chuan’s speed made the demon monarchs in the six states very uncomfortable. They only fought Godfiends for a short while before Meng Chuan arrived.

Meng Chuan’s constant speedy rescues and demon monarch massacres caused the demons to feel pained by such losses.

Two months later, the demons’ upper echelons gave an order to all elite demon monarch teams that were suspected to be within the six states Meng Chuan governed. “When attacking Godfiend teams, one had to retreat after 60 seconds are up.”

Sixty seconds? What could they do in 60 seconds? It wasn’t even enough time to destroy a city. A third Firmament demon monarch could only run a dozen or so kilometers in 60 seconds.

If Meng Chuan was within 500 kilometers of an attacked city, he would arrive at an attacked city within 60 seconds.

Therefore, some elite demon monarch teams decided to distance themselves from Meng Chuan’s suspected rescue range. They had to do this because they were too easily caught. Meng Chuan was simply too fast.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247 - Assassination
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

December. Night at Jiang State Capital.

Liu Qiyue waited in one of Meng Manor’s halls.

“Oh?” Liu Qiyue sensed something and looked outside the hall. She saw Meng Chuan walking across the snow.

“You haven’t slept yet?” asked Meng Chuan with a smile.

“Of course. I have to wait for you,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “You rushed out in a hurry. Were you out on a rescue?”

Meng Chuan shook his head. “No. An Earth Net spy discovered a demon monarch lair. He immediately reported it. Archean Mountain arranged for me to go. There were five third Firmament demon monarchs, 17 second Firmament demon monarchs, and some ordinary demons.”

“How far away were they from us?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“2,600 kilometers,” said Meng Chuan. “In An State.”

“You went so far?” Liu Qiyue frowned.

“First of all, I’m very fast. Traveling that distance isn’t much for me. We also can’t afford to wait or there might be some unpredictable changes. The faster I act, the better. Secondly, it’s hard to tell which demon monarchs reside in the demon monarch lair. It might even be a fourth Firmament demon monarch. It’s dangerous for weaker Marquis Godfiends to barge in,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. Although he was a newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend, Meng Chuan was capable of unleashing the strength of a peak Marquis Godfiend. His life-preservation means were also strong.

“Most importantly, in the six states, I’m the one that has the most spare time. I get a request for help once every ten days or so,” said Meng Chuan wistfully. Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but sigh. “I’ve looked into it. There are very few instances of elite demon monarch teams attacking in the surrounding ten states.”

“My rescue area spans 1500 kilometers, and Jiang State Capital is at the center. This is a secret. The demons aren’t aware of it, so they can only estimate my designated rescue range... Therefore, the elite demon monarch teams in these ten states are startled at the slightest sound. They are afraid that I will rush over immediately,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Archean Mountain is also cunning. Occasionally, they will send me to help areas that are over 1,500 kilometers away to confuse the demons.”

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but say, “They actually made you travel more than 2,500 kilometers away.”

“If something is real, we should make it seem fake. If something is fake, then we should make it seem real,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “This is a concept Archean Mountain abides by. It’s good that we can give the demons headaches.”

“You alone rescue 20 to 30 percent of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s cities. This will affect the surrounding areas as well. The demons will definitely treat you as a thorn in their side,” said Liu Qiyue. “You have to be careful. Last time, the demons sent Great Demon Monarch Blackrock to assassinate you. If you really provoke the demons, they might make a move on you in the future.”

Meng Chuan smiled. “Speaking of Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock, Archean Mountain gave me 50 million credits, and this was after the reward was shared equally with King Luyue. It looks like this Blackrock was worth 100 million credits.”

Meng Chuan chased and kept Blackrock at bay, and King Luyue captured him alive! According to Archean Mountain’s distribution rules, 50 percent of the rewarded credit would be given to those that discovered or tracked down demon monarchs. The other 50 percent of the rewarded credit was given to those responsible for killing or capturing said demon monarchs alive.

“A fourth Firmament demon monarch is worth ten million. It looks like it had treasures worth 90 million credits,” said Liu Qiyue.

“I don’t know what treasures it had, but they were worth so many credits.” Meng Chuan sighed. “In addition, I killed six elite demon monarch teams in the past two months and obtained quite a lot of spoils of war that I exchanged for credits. Now, I have nearly 90 million credits. I don’t even know how to spend it.”

“Look at how smug you are.” Liu Qiyue smiled.

“Here.” Meng Chuan flipped his hand and handed a brocade pouch to Liu Qiyue.

Liu Qiyue was stunned. “What’s this?”

“Open it and take a look.” Meng Chuan pretended to be mysterious.

Liu Qiyue opened the brocade pouch and saw ten crystals—which emitted a fiery red glow. This surprised Liu Qiyue. “Blood Fire Crystals?”

After becoming a Marquis Godfiend, Liu Qiyue needed resources to cultivate her Phoenix Divine Body. For example, the phoenix feather was something that could only be found by chance. As for Blood Fire Crystals, Phoenix Divine Body Marquis Godfiends historically used them for cultivation. Blood Fire Crystals could strengthen one’s phoenix bloodline. One Blood Fire Crystal cost three million credits. It was very expensive. Ten Blood Fire Crystals was 30 million credits.

“This is enough for you to cultivate for ten years,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Use them first.”

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue looked at him. She was touched, but she also exhorted him, “In the future, tell me first if you need anything. I’ll accumulate credit myself.”

Meng Chuan smiled and nodded. “Don’t worry. I understand.”

At this moment, a maid came in with a meal tray.

“I ordered someone to cook porridge,” said Liu Qiyue. “Have some porridge first.”

With that said, she placed one of the two bowls of porridge in front of Meng Chuan. She placed one bowl in front of herself before smiling at Meng Chuan.

She watched her husband eat first.

How fragrant! Meng Chuan held the bowl and drank half of the porridge in one gulp. He felt the fragrance of porridge fill his mouth. The lit candle beside him also emanated an odorless gas. As he breathed it in, the gas entered his body, mixing with the porridge... Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but smile as she watched Meng Chuan enjoy the meal. She picked up her spoon and began eating. “Don’t eat it.” Meng Chuan waved his hand. With a crash, the bowl of porridge in front of Liu Qiyue flew off the table and shattered on the ground.

Liu Qiyue was shocked.

Meng Chuan’s face had blackened. Blood-colored patterns surfaced on his body as though countless worms were wriggling.

“Ah Chuan!” Liu Qiyue was alarmed.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Meng Chuan immediately struck himself seven times as his Quintessential Essence surged violently.

Pfft

Meng Chuan opened his mouth and spat out a mouthful of black blood. Organ fragments could be seen mixed in the black blood. A large mouthful of black blood landed on the ground, and a huge crater immediately appeared on the ground.

Chi! Chi! Chi

A black, sanguine mist rose from Meng Chuan’s body. The poisonous mist surged out from every pore on Meng Chuan’s body. Eighty percent of his blood instantly evaporated. Ordinary Godfiends wouldn’t have survived such serious injuries.

Pfft. Pfft.

Meng Chuan spat out two more mouthfuls of blood. His body became thinner as he closed his eyes.

His thin body and pale face began to recover at speeds visible to the naked eye. His body turned muscular again, and his face gradually turned rosy. What a powerful poison. Meng Chuan opened his eyes and looked at the corroded crater on the ground. He then looked at the bowl of porridge on the ground.“Ah Chuan, are you alright?” Liu Qiyue was a little flustered.

“It’s nothing.” Meng Chuan said, “Most Marquis Godfiends won’t be able to escape death after consuming this poison. It’s so potent that it’s unbelievably terrifying. Investigate what poison it is. The porridge and the candle on the ground have to be preserved properly. Let Archean Mountain’s poison experts investigate its origins.”

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “Are you really alright now?”

“Don’t worry. I cultivate a physical body mystic technique. Even if the poison was five times more potent, it wouldn’t kill me,” said Meng Chuan. He immediately used his Quintessential Essence to cut and isolate all his poison body parts the instant the poison seeped into his body. He even sliced off parts of his organs. He lost over half his blood. After expelling all of the poison from his body, his powerful vitality restored his body rapidly. Meng Chuan looked at Liu Qiyue. “If you had drunk this bowl of porridge, you’d be in big trouble.”

Just the thought of it made Meng Chuan shudder. If his wife had consumed it, would her Phoenix Divine Body be able to withstand it? It was said that the Phoenix Divine Body was very powerful when it underwent Nirvana. It could be said to be an immortal’s body, but Meng Chuan wasn’t confident.

“Our food is repeatedly inspected from the moment it’s purchased. Even if it is poisoned during the cooking process, birds and beasts will sample it first. They actually managed to poison our food,” Liu Qiyue said solemnly. “I’ll get people from Earth Net to investigate carefully.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “Such lethal poison is definitely extraordinary. Those who are willing to pay such a huge price are most likely demons. Carefully investigate how the demons infiltrated. Also, I feel that the manor isn’t safe. It isn’t suitable for You’er and An’er to stay here.”

“You’er and An’er?” Liu Qiyue’s heart stirred.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248 - Ten Years
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Yes.” Solemn, Meng Chuan said, “The demons hate me to the core. If they do everything they can but are still unable to get rid of me, it’s very likely that they will take revenge on our children. The demons are ruthless and evil. They can and will do anything to exact revenge on me.”

“Ah Chuan, you guard six states and have great influence in this region. You alone are much more useful than a Regis Godfiend,” said Liu Qiyue seriously. “The demons will definitely not give up. We might as well hide You’er and An’er. Even the clansmen in the manor don’t know about our children… The Skydemon Sect can forget about finding out where our children are.”

“There are more than ten million people in Jiang State Capital. There are all sorts of people here,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ll find an ordinary manor and let You’er and An’er live there. We will usually live there so that we can take care of them.”

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up. “I’ve always been worried about You’er and An’er. They live in Meng Manor and have always been accompanied by a retinue. They are placed on a pedestal because their parents are Marquis Godfiends. I’ve been afraid that they would become proud and complacent. It will be detrimental to their growth. Now that they’re only two years old and still unaware of the world, we can pretend to be an ordinary family to nurture their characters. At the very least, they can be more down-to-earth.”

“Once they reach the Mortal Shedding realm, we can tell them everything,” said Meng Chuan. “After all, once they reach the Impervious realm, they will probably head to Archean Mountain to cultivate soon.”

“Can both of them enter Archean Mountain?” asked Liu Qiyue as she smiled.

“Let’s nurture and train them well. In this era, helping them possess sufficient strength will be the best gift we can give them,” said Meng Chuan. He had seen demon monarchs slaughtering humans too many times.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue also understood what her husband was getting at.

In the foreseeable future, the war would likely become crueler.

“Oh? They’re here.” Liu Qiyue walked out of the study and saw a large group of people from Earth Net enter. Three Earth Net Godfiends led the group towards them.

“Marchioness Calmmoon.” The three Earth Net Godfiends bowed respectfully.

At that moment, Meng Chuan began cleaning up the bowl of porridge and the candle.

“This bowl of porridge and that candle combine to form a lethal poison. Even Marquis Godfiends might die if they are poisoned,” said Liu Qiyue coldly. “Investigate the origins of this poison. How did this poison make it to Marquis Eastcalm and I?”

The three Earth Net Godfiends were extremely shocked.

Marquis Eastcalm and Marchioness Calmmoon had just survived an attempted assassination?

“Yes.” The three Earth Net Godfiends respectfully acknowledged her orders.

Earth Net was responsible for investigating everything. They were experts at this. Even Great Solar Godiends that were proficient with illusions in Jiang State Capital helped investigate this matter.

Archean Mountain also sent Godfiends to investigate.

In just three days, the results were out.

The poison was Gold Horn Worm Poison. It was unique to the Demon Realm. Demon experts had to carefully produce this special poison. This poison required one to kill thousands of demon monarch-level Golden Horn Worms for a chance of refining the poison. In the Demon Realm, Golden Horn Worms were a rare species. A portion of Golden Horn Worm Poison was equivalent to 150 million Archean Mountain credits. Even a treasure like the Dragonwater Domain only had a value of 60 million credits.

Once the Golden Horn Worm Poison entered one’s body, it rapidly destroyed every part of the victim’s body. A Marquis Godfiend would die within seconds.

Even if one were a Phoenix Divine Body expert, they would be too late to save themselves if the poison reached their brains. Only Marquis Godfiends that cultivated the Indestructible Divine Body had a high chance of surviving the body. The rest were practically doomed. Such a potent poison was meant for cultivation. However, it was suitable for assassination because it was colorless and odorless. It was quite a significant loss for the demons to use it to assassinate a Marquis Godfiend.

The demons were willing to make such sacrifices just to kill Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue. Unfortunately for them, Meng Chuan had reached the physical body cultivation system’s Divine Power realm. His life-preservation means far exceeded the demons’ expectations.

Jiang State Capital, a manor that spanned just over an acre. It was ordinary in every way.

“Little You’you, Little An’an, this will be our home in the future.” Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai brought Meng You and Meng An along as they played around. Meng You and Meng An ran around the yard happily. Meng Chuan and his wife watched this scene with a smile.

“Come, learn from Dad, and swing the saber.” Meng Chuan taught his son and daughter, Meng You and Meng An-who were both only three years old. They held a wooden saber each and swung them excitedly.

Let’s try again. Meng Chuan patiently taught them. He had personally sharpened the two wooden sabers.

When Meng You and Meng An were four years old, they had decided on the weapon they would wield in the future.

Meng An liked spears. His elder sister, Meng You, was more fond of swords.

They aren’t going to use sabers. Meng Chuan was helpless.

“You’re good at close combat. After attaining the Realm of Dao, you can use other weapons skillfully,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “I rarely engage in close combat. I’ll have to rely on you to teach them close-combat skills.”

“Don’t worry.” Meng Chuan smiled and said, “Be it spear or sword, in the early stages, they are just an application of strength. Furthermore, it’s only an extension of one’s arm. It’s the same for the Realm of Unity, Realm of Force, and the Realm of Intent. In each realm, they learn how to use their strength more intricately until they can affect the outside world. The Heart Intent Saber’s Yin-Yang Transformation is based on one’s intent. I’m still very confident in teaching them the basics. There’s no better master in Jiang State Capital than me!”

In just half a month’s time, Meng Chuan had created a set of basic spear arts and a set of basic sword arts. They contained the principle of Yin and Yang.

“How dare you slack off! Turn around and raise your buttocks!” Meng Chuan’s veins bulged as he roared angrily.

Meng An turned around and raised his buttocks obediently.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Meng Chuan slapped furiously.

“Stop hitting me. Stop hitting me. It hurts. It hurts.” Meng An finally cried after enduring a few hits. His sister stood at the side, not daring to speak. She also looked scared.

Years passed.

Meng Chuan taught them step-by-step. They reached Foundation Establishment at four years of age, Internal Tempering at six, and Marrow Cleansing at eight. They entered the Green Elm Dao Academy—the closest dao academy to their home. In public, they were thought to be ten years old! However, in reality, two years were added to their real age. In a large city with a population of over ten million, reaching the Marrow Cleansing realm at ten years of age wasn’t too conspicuous.In the blink of an eye, it had been ten years.

They still lived in the same manor. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue were having breakfast when the boy and girl quickly finished eating.

“Dad, Mom, we are going to the Dao Academy.” Meng You and Meng An stood up. “Go.” Meng Chuan smiled at his children.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue hadn’t changed in the past ten years, but their children had grown up.

Now 12 years old, Meng An and Meng You had reached the peak of the Mortal Shedding realm! Of course, everyone in Green Elm Dao Academy believed that the twins were 14 years old! But, they were still considered Green Elm Dao Academy’s geniuses.

“Meng An and Meng You are stronger than us back when we were their age.” Meng Chuan looked at the withered leaves floating down from the trees in the courtyard and sighed. “They will probably reach the Impervious realm next year. Their cultivation speed is rather good if they can reach the Impervious realm at 13 years of age.”

“I wonder when they will gain insight into Force,” said Liu Qiyue. “Junior Brother Yan Chitong attained Force at the age of 13. I wonder if Meng An and Meng You will be able to catch up to Junior Brother Yan.”

“I’ve taught them everything that needs to be taught. They have to rely on themselves to reach the Realm of Force. The further they go on their cultivation path, the less help we can provide,” said Meng Chuan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249 - Send Her To Me
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“We can spend time with them for the next ten years or so. When they head to Archean Mountain, we won’t get to spend much time with them,” Liu Qiyue said softly, feeling unwilling to part with them.

“When the children grow up, they will ultimately have to walk their own paths,” said Meng Chuan. “After reaching the Mortal Shedding realm, they will know that we are both Marquis Godfiends. Although they will be very excited, they still have to keep it a secret at the Dao Academy. They won’t be able to bully others because of their power. Both of them have good temperaments. Our two children are truly outstanding.”

“Okay.” Liu Qiyue nodded. As their children grew up, the couple realized that they had less time to spend with their children.

“I’m going to practice my archery.” Liu Qiyue stood up.

“Let’s go together. I want to practice my saber arts too,” said Meng Chuan.

The couple left the small manor. There were usually only two servants inside.

After returning to Meng Manor, they cultivated next to Starmoon Lake.

No matter how much he theorized about saber arts, it wasn’t as good as actual practice! After practicing over and over again, Meng Chuan knew that his talent in saber arts was considered at the genius level. However, he was inferior to Xue Feng, Yan Chitong, and the others. He naturally needed to put more effort into it and didn’t dare slack

off.

In the evening, at Green Elm Dao Academy.

Meng You, Meng An, and the other disciples walked out of the Dao Academy together. At that moment, a multi-colored bird was flying in midair and looking down. It was another third Firmament avian demon monarch that Meng Chuan and his wife had exchanged for from Archean Mountain. It was secretly following the twins and was responsible for protecting them. It was also stronger than the gray bird Meng Chuan and his wife had exchanged for previously. The gray bird took human form. It took on the identity of Liu Qiyue’s personal female attendant, Aunt Hui. Aunt Hui was the one responsible for relaying information to her.

The multi-colored bird took human form and acted as Uncle Hua. Occasionally, it would use the identity of the twins’ elder to deal with Green Elm Dao Academy.

“Junior Sister Méng, Junior Brother Méng, we are having a gathering at Rotten Stone Garden tonight. Are you guys going?” asked a blue-robed youth at the entrance of the Dao Academy.

“We still have to return. Father and Mother are very strict with us,” said Meng An with a smile. The siblings followed their parents’ instructions and had used the names Méng You and Méng An to cultivate in the Dao Academy. The Skydemon Sect was everywhere. The couple had done their best to protect the two children by making them use a different surname-Méng.

“The two of you are still too young. You don’t understand how things work.” The blue-robed youth had a sword by his waist as he boarded a luxurious carriage. A carriage driver and six guards escorted the departing carriage.

“Junior Sister Méng, let’s spar again tomorrow,” said a red-robed girl with a smile. Following that, she boarded a carriage. It, too, had a carriage driver and guards.

In front of the Dao Academy’s entrance, many descendants of ancient Godfiend family clans were escorted by an entourage.

Jiang State Capital had two Marquis Godfiends— Liu Qiyue and Meng Chuanpresiding over it. Liu Qiyue could unleash the strength of an ordinary Regis Godfiend by casting Phoenix’s Nirvana. Meng Chuan was known to be the fastest Godfiend in the world. Thus, Jiang State Capital was favored by many large family clans. They arranged for their families to reside in Jiang State Capital. Many children from Godfiend family clans were in Green Elm Dao Academy.

“Let’s go back.” Meng You and Meng An did not mind the blue-robed youth’s words.

The descendants of Godfiend family clans were just that—descendants. As immediate children of powerful Godfiends, Meng You and Meng An had much higher status. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue even had to think of ways to keep their identities a secret because the Skydemon Sect might assassinate them!

A bustling crowd of disciples still lingered at the entrance of the Dao Academy as they left. As they walked home, the number of disciples accompanying them decreased. “Senior Sister Méng, Senior Brother Méng, see you tomorrow.” On the limestone streets, a young girl smiled and walked towards her house.

UL

“Junior Sister Ning, see you tomorrow,” said Meng You and Meng An with a smile.

“What are you doing?” exclaimed a young girl suddenly. Huh? Meng You and Meng An exchanged looks and walked over. Their parents guarded Jiang State Capital, so it was a very safe city. “Stop, stop!” Junior Sister Ning shouted anxiously because quite a number of people were moving items out of her home.

“Get lost!” roared a black-robed man angrily as he swung his hand towards the girl.

The girl immediately dodged but was still sent flying. Meng You and Meng An immediately went forward to help Junior Sister Ning

“Junior Sister Ning, this is your house, right?” Meng You asked curiously. “I don’t know who these people are. They came and started moving things out of my house,” said Junior Sister Ning anxiously.

“Your house?” The man in black frowned and looked at Junior Sister Ning. “You’re Ning Donggu’s daughter?” The black-robed suddenly said, “Capture her. That old man will repay his debt if we capture her.”

A voice sounded from the courtyard. “Stop, stop!” A middle-aged man with a bruised face rushed out and shouted, “You guys have foreclosed my house and my shop. Isn’t it enough to capture me? Why are you capturing my daughter?”

“Ning Donggu.” The black-robed man sneered. “The money you owe my young master has already reached 30,000 taels of silver because of the interest. Your house and shop might not even be enough. Besides, once your shop is sold to repay the debt, you will probably owe more than 30,000 taels of silver. That’s why we will be holding your entire family captive so that you will obediently work to repay the debt.”

“You did business with my business partner and plotted against me, forcing me to give my palm print.” The middle-aged man was ferocious. “You deliberately stalled for time, disappearing when I was trying to return the debt. Now that you have appeared, you have turned 3,000 taels of silver to 30,000 because of the interest? And the debt will keep increasing? When will it end?”

“You’ll have to talk to my young master.” The man in black smiled and said, “Take Ning Donggu and his daughter away.”

Even Ning Donggu and his wife were caught. In despair, his wife said, “I knew we shouldn’t have done business with Young Master Wang, but you didn’t listen. We are doomed.”

Two muscular men walked towards Junior Sister Ning with cold smiles on their faces, wanting to take her down.

Bam! Bam!

Meng An stepped forward and kicked out twice, sending the two Marrow Cleansing strongmen flying. Meng An—who was at the Mortal Shedding realm-had a robust Godfiend foundation. In terms of strength, he could match a Impervious realm expert. Naturally, he could defeat the two goons easily.

“I heard that there are some people in Jiang State Capital who deliberately scheme and force others into bankruptcy. It’s all a scheme to take their homes.” Meng An looked at the group of people in front of him and scoffed. “You’ve seized the Ning family’s residence and store?”

The man in black looked at the pair of siblings and frowned slightly. “Kid, there are things that you can’t and shouldn’t interfere with.”

“I’ll be interfering in this matter for sure.” Meng An pulled out his bag from behind him and retrieved a spear. He spun the spear, and it immediately reached nine feet long. With the spear in hand, he looked at the group of people in front of him.“Senior Brother Méng!” Junior Sister Ning was starting to panic. “You sure have guts.” A thin man sneered and stepped forward, instantly drawing his saber. Clang! Clang! Clang! However, Meng You suddenly drew her sword. With a flash of her sword, the thin man let out a tragic cry as he retreated. A bloody hole was left in his arm as he glared angrily at Meng You. He immediately said, “This lass is very powerful.”

“Who are you? How dare you meddle in our affairs?” The black-robed man frowned as well.

“Brother, this pair of siblings are from another house a quarter-kilometer away. They are called Méng You and Méng An,” said one of his subordinates softly. “I’ve seen their father before. He’s not famous, but from the looks of it, he should be at the Impervious realm.”

“Méng You, Méng An?” The black-clothed man nodded slightly. His subordinates knew almost all the families in the vicinity. They had their own judgment on which families were fat sheep to be fleeced and which ones they could not touch.

Suddenly, a luxurious carriage escorted by guards came over. The curtains on the carriage were lifted slightly. A pale-faced youth looked outside and asked, “Guard Yu, is everything done?”

“A pair of siblings suddenly interrupted us,” said the black-robed man softly.

“Siblings?” The pale-faced youth looked over and his eyes lit up when he saw Meng You. As Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s daughter, Meng You had inherited their extraordinary looks. She had been nurtured since she was young, and she had a robust Godfiend foundation. Her eyes held a spirited look.

“What a stunning little beauty.” The pale-faced youth instructed, “Be careful. Don’t damage her flesh. Send this little beauty to my place. Let’s go!” He lowered the curtain after he spoke.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250 - Cloud State’s Wang Family and Jiang State’s Xiao Family
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 250 Cloud State’s Wang Family and Jiang State’s Xiao Family

Send this little beauty to my place? Meng You and Meng An’s expressions turned colder.

The siblings looked at each other and made their decision. They had to investigate this Young Master Wang properly. They couldn’t let him off so easily!

A group of guards escorted the luxurious carriage away. At the same time, an elderly guard stayed behind, and indifferently said, “Brother Yu, hurry up and quickly do what the Young Master has ordered.”

“Don’t worry,” replied the black-robed man with a smile. At the same time, he glanced at his subordinates and instructed, “Catch them all, especially this young lady. Don’t hurt her.”

“Are you all that bold in Jiang State Capital?” Meng You’s voice turned colder. “You can capture anybody you wish?”.

“Young lady, our Young Master has taken a fancy to you. If you obediently submit, riches and comfort might await you. If you don’t submit… I’m afraid there will be another corpse in one of the stinky drains in Jiang State Capital tomorrow,” said the black-robed man indifferently. “Jiang State Capital is a place with all kinds of people-good and bad. Countless people die every day. Young lady, I advise you to be wise.”

Meng You and Meng An were alarmed when they heard that. Although they had heard of Jiang State Capital having all kinds of people and how there was a lot of hidden bloodshed, they had never truly seen it before.

Every day, they would be at home or at the Dao Academy!

Now that they had encountered such things, although he was furious, he wasn’t afraid at all. Meng An shouted angrily, “Do you still even fear the law? What happened to the rules of Archean Mountain?”

“Haha…” Those people had mocking looks in their eyes.

The black-robed man’s voice turned cold. “Since you aren’t submitting to us, we can only be rough.”

“No need. I’ll leave with you,” said Meng You coldly.

The black-robed man and the old guard both revealed smiles.

“Sis?” Meng An looked at Meng You.

“You are not to harm Junior Sister Ning and her family,” said Meng You. “You are also not to hurt my brother at all.”

“Don’t worry. You are someone who caught Young Master’s fancy. Of course, we will take your requests into consideration.” The man in black immediately waved his hand. Soon, an ordinary carriage came over. Meng You, Meng An, and Ning Donggu’s family of three entered the carriage.

“Hurry up.” The elderly guard personally followed the carriage and left.

Inside the carriage.

“Senior Sister Méng! Senior Brother Méng! It’s all my fault for implicating you!” Junior Sister Ning wept.

“I told you to stay away from that Young Master Wang, but you insisted on doing business with him. What should we do now?” The woman was extremely pained.

Ning Donggu knelt in the carriage and kowtowed to Meng You and Meng An.

“No, there’s no need for that.” Meng An hurriedly helped him up. Ning Donggu sighed. “I have implicated the two of you.”

“We were just dealing with injustice, yet they dared to capture us as they pleased. From this, one can tell how reckless they usually are,” said Meng You. “It’s not your fault, Uncle Ning.” Ning Donggu sighed softly. “Young Master Wang’s name is Wang Cong. He’s a descendant of the Wang family, a Regis Godfiend family.” “Cloud State’s Wang family?” Meng You was surprised.

Meng You and Meng An were very familiar with the strongest family clans in the Great Zhou region—the royal family, the Qin family, and the ten Regis Godfiend family clans.

“Yes, Cloud State’s Wang family.” Ning Donggu was very surprised by the siblings’ extensive knowledge. “The Wang family mainly resides in Cloud State. Due to the demon monarchs, the Wang family had a family branch migrate to Jiang State Capital. This branch has hundreds of Wang family clansmen. Leading them is an Indestructible Godfiend, Wang Fanchou. Wang Cong is Wang Fanchou’s grandson.”

“There are plenty of descendants from Jiang State Capital’s Regis Godfiend, Marquis Godfiend, and ordinary Godfiend family clans.” Ning Donggu sighed softly. “One can’t do business here without backing. Since I met Young Master Wang by chance, I wanted to cozy up to him. I was willing to be his goon and give him more than half of the money I earned. All I wanted was a stable business. Who would have thought that Young Master Wang would snatch my family assets and not give me a chance to live?” Ning Donggu’s eyes were filled with hatred.

The woman beside him sighed.

Junior Sister Ning was also crying softly. Their future was dark. No matter how hard the family struggled, there was no hope. Meng You and Meng An exchanged looks.

“We’re here.” The ordinary carriage stopped at an inconspicuous side door of a large manor. Meng You, Meng An, and Junior Sister Ning’s family got off the carriage.

“Lock their entire family in the dungeon.” The elderly guard waved his hand as his subordinates immediately grabbed Junior Sister Ning’s family and entered the side door.

“Please follow me.” The elderly guard smiled as he led Meng You and his sister. At the same time, he said softly, “Young lady, if you do not wish for your brother to encounter any mishaps, you have to be more obedient later.”

Meng You did not say a word.

The elderly guard smiled. He had seen too many similar situations.

In the main hall of the large manor, a group of Godfiend descendants was in a drunken stupor. A group of dancers dressed in thin clothes were dancing barefoot. Their alluring bodies were faintly discernible under the thin clothes, making the Godfiend descendants even more excited.

“Brother Xiao, this is a batch of dancers that Windsay Hall has just nurtured. They are nearly the same height and weight. They cultivate the same cultivation formula, and all of them are virgins.” The pale-faced Wang Cong sat beside a white-robed youth and whispered with a fawning smile, “Brother Xiao, are you interested? You can bring them all back.”

“Look at them.” The young master of the Xiao family scanned his surroundings. “Everyone is watching. If I were to take them all, wouldn’t I spoil everyone’s mood?”

“Brother Xiao, it’s more important that you are happy. I have ways to deal with them.” Wang Cong chuckled.

Young Master Xiao shook his head. “There’s no need.”

“Yes, yes, yes. These are still too pedestrian.” Wang Cong nodded with a smile. The Wang family clansmen that had migrated from Cloud State were only a branch of the family. Thus, they needed to have a good relationship with the local head honcho, the Xiao family.

The Xiao family was Jiang State Capital’s number one Godfiend family clan! It was also one of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s top ten Regis Godfiend family clans. It had long been entrenched in Jiang State Capital.

Young Master Xiao was the only son of the Xiao family’s fifth Elder. He was definitely one of the top Godfiend descendants in Jiang State Capital with a large influence. Wang Cong paled in comparison. “Young Master.” The elderly guard silently appeared in a corner and sent a voice transmission to Wang Cong. “That pair of siblings know better than to resist. They have already been sent to the backyard.”

Wang Cong’s eyes lit up as he nodded at the elderly guard in the corner. Suddenly, Wang Cong’s heart stirred. “One has to take risks to reap the rewards.” Wang Cong was reluctant, but he gritted his teeth and approached Young Master Xiao.

“Hmm?” Young Master Xiao looked at him.

“I have a little beauty here. She slightly resembles Miss Peony that Hundred Flowers Brothel has been promoting recently, but she’s even more outstanding. Miss Peony is still a little pedestrian, while this beauty’s temperament is much better. Young Master Xiao, are you interested?” Wang Cong asked quietly. “Better than Miss Peony?” Young Master Xiao’s eyes lit up.

“I saw her with my own eyes. It can’t be wrong.” Wang Cong smiled mysteriously.

“Yes.” Young Master Xiao nodded slightly. “Brother Wang, thank you.”

“I’ll arrange it for you, Brother Xiao. I’ll invite you over later,” said Wang Cong with a smile. “Please excuse me.”

“Go on.” Young Master Xiao was filled with anticipation.

Wang Cong quietly led the elderly guard to the backyard. “Have you investigated her background?” Wang Cong asked. “They live near the Ning family and come from an ordinary family. The elder sister’s name is Méng You, and the younger brother’s name is Méng An. There’s an old servant at home, a woman who does the groceries and cooking, and an old servant named Uncle Hua who occasionally follows the siblings. Their father, Méng Ning, is not famous in Jiang State Capital. He’s only an ordinary Impervious realm expert,” said the elderly guard. “However, these siblings are considered genius disciples in Green Elm Dao Academy.” “Méng? There’s no one with the surname Méng in Jiang State Capital that I can’t afford to offend.” Wang Cong scoffed. He soon arrived at an independent courtyard.

There were guards in the yard. The door was open, and the siblings could be seen inside.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251 - Keep Him for the New Year?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the quiet yard, Meng You and Meng An sat there as they watched Wang Cong enter with the elderly guard.

“Little beauty, I’m not harming you. I’m helping you.” Young Master Wang Cong walked in and smiled. “Do you know about Jiang State Capital’s Xiao family?”

“Xiao family?” Meng You and Meng An exchanged looks.

They obviously knew about the Xiao family. The Xiao family’s newly-advanced Marquis Godfiend-Xiao Yunyue—had a very good relationship with their parents. When Xiao Yunyue returned to Jiang State Capital, she would specially visit Meng Chuan and his wife. She had also brought gifts for the two children. Although the couple kept it a secret and didn’t allow their children to meet outsiders, they still handed Meng You and Meng An the gifts from Xiao Yunyue.

Meng You and Meng An remembered this Aunt Xiao.

The war was cruel. Over the past ten years, many elite Godfiend teams from Archean Mountain had died. However, six Marquis Godfiends had also risen. Yan Chitong and Xiao Yunyue were two of them.

“Young Master Xiao has taken a fancy to you.” Wang Cong’s pale face smiled. “If you follow him, you will enjoy wealth and prosperity. Even your younger brother and your parents will be able to enjoy such a life.”

“Follow him,” said Meng You coldly, “and be his plaything?”

“It’s not wrong for you to think that way. Yes, a plaything,” said Wang Cong with a smile. “It’s unknown how many people want to be Young Master Xiao’s plaything, but lack the opportunity to do so.”

“And if I refuse?” asked Meng You.

“Refuse?” Wang Cong’s eyes turned cold as he indifferently asked the elderly guard, “What did you do to the last stubborn girl who rejected me?”

The elderly guard’s eyes had a hint of ferociousness. “I made over ten men accompany her. When she was extremely exhausted in the middle of the night, I fed her to the dogs.”

Wang Cong smiled at Meng You. “Do you want to be fed to the dogs?” Wang Cong’s smile appeared ferocious in the dark night. It made Meng You and Meng An’s hearts burn with endless rage.

“You deserve to die!” Meng An roared angrily. He picked up his spear and charged forward.

Meng You’s face was filled with coldness as she unsheathed her sword.

Originally, they wanted to investigate this Young Master Wang before deciding how to punish him. However, the siblings currently only had one thought-Wang Cong deserved death!

“How dare you!” shouted the elderly guard as he protected his young master. As for the five guards standing outside the yard, they immediately rushed in and attacked Meng You and Meng An.

Wang Cong was, after all, the grandson of Wang Fanchou-an elder of Cloud Sate’s Wang family. The five ordinary guards were all at the Impervious realm, but Meng An and Meng You had robust Godfiend foundations. Meng Chuan had also painstakingly taught them for years.

Meng An brandished his spear, and Meng You swung her sharp sword, instantly producing spear shadows and sword flashes. It left the five guards alarmed.

“What a powerful spear art.”

“This sword art is so dazzling.” The five guards were unable to do anything to them.

Wang Cong frowned when he saw this. He glanced at the elderly guard beside him, who nodded slightly before stepping forward.

Pfft.

A fast, mirage-like sword thrust forward but was caught between two of the elderly guard’s fingers.

“What?” Meng You was shocked. The elder exerted strength with his fingers.

Bam!

Meng You felt a terrifying force pass through the sword. She could no longer hold the sword as it flew out of her hands.

“Sis.” Meng An was alarmed as he rushed over to protect his sister.

“You really don’t know your place.” The elderly guard sneered. He was an old servant who followed the young scion. He was an expert at the Core Condensation realm, and his strength completely crushed the siblings.

He moved and struck Meng An’s chest with one hand. Meng An had no time to defend himself.

Suddenly,

An invisible force enveloped the small courtyard. Wang Cong, the five ordinary guards, and the elderly guard’s expressions changed.

“What’s this?” The elderly guard felt an invisible force surrounding him. He could no longer press down with his palm. He could not even move as his eyes filled with horror.

The five guards and Wang Cong also felt a terrifying force surrounding them. It horrified them.

Godfiend!

They could only associate such strength with Godfiends! This was a power that far exceeded mortals.

Whoosh.

A multi-colored little bird slowly descended from the sky.

“A small bird?” Wang Cong, the elderly guard, and the five ordinary guards felt the suffocating force around them, but the little bird did not seem to notice it at all. It landed very easily. When it approached the ground, they were dumbfounded to discover that the multi-colored bird had transformed into a white-haired elder.

The white-haired elder coldly scanned Wang Cong and company before flicking his sleeve.

A terrifying force swept over.

Unable to resist at all, the seven of them were sent flying backward and landed in a corner.

“De-Demon... Demon monarch!” Wang Cong was astonished.

“It’s a demon monarch.” The elder and guards were alarmed as well. Mortals were unable to resist demon monarchs.

The white-haired elder hunched his back and respectfully came to Meng You and Meng An’s side. “Young Master, Young Mistress.” Meng You said, “Sorry to trouble you, Uncle Hua.”

“This is what an old servant like me should do,” said Uncle Hua with a chuckle. He was absolutely loyal to Meng Chuan and his wife, so he naturally protected Meng You and Meng An.

Pa!

Wang Cong snapped out of his daze and silently crushed a jade talisman on his chest to seek help. At the same time, he lowered his voice and asked the elderly guard beside him, “Is he the Uncle Hua you mentioned?”

The elderly guard found it unbelievable as well. He whispered, “It’s all information from the subordinates. They say he’s an ordinary old servant.”

Uncle Hua glanced at Wang Cong but did not care.

“A demon monarch as a servant? This demon monarch’s aura is even more terrifying than my grandfather’s.” Wang Cong’s face turned pale. His grandfather was an Indestructible Godfiend.

“To have a demon monarch as a servant. They have been living incognito in our human world all this while... They must be plotting something big. We actually discovered their whereabouts.” Wang Cong was alarmed. “I’m doomed. I’m doomed.”

Uncle Hua shot a glance at Wang Cong and continued respectfully, “Young Master, Young Mistress, you can’t expose your identities. We can’t let a single one of them off since they have seen me attack. My suggestion is to capture them and let Master decide on their punishments.”

Humph.

However, Meng An suddenly rushed out and stabbed Wang Cong with his spear.

Wang Cong was just about to dodge when Uncle Hua lifted his eyelids and looked at Wang Cong coldly. An invisible force surrounded Wang Cong, immobilizing him completely.

Pfft.

Wang Cong could only watch helplessly as the spear impaled him. His eyes widened as he looked at his chest.

Following that, Meng An suddenly pulled out his spear.

Blood spurted out.

“You,” Wang Cong clutched his chest as blood kept gushing out. He collapsed to the ground weakly and looked at Meng An in disbelief.

Weren’t they just capturing a young beauty?

How did he end up like this? Wang Cong died. “Such trash needs to be killed. Are we going to keep him for the new year?” Meng An’s eyes were filled with anger.

“Nice kill.” Meng You was first shocked before cheering her brother on. She also looked angrily at Wang Cong’s corpse.

“The remaining six have been acting as the tiger’s paws. Just get rid of them.” Meng An looked at the six guards

The guards panicked.

A large manor a few kilometers away.

This was the residence of a Regis Godfiend family branch, the Wang family, in Jiang State Capital. The manor was brightly lit with resplendent lanterns. Maids and guards patrolled the residence. In a chamber, the Wang family branch’s Godfiend leader, Wang Fanchou, sat cross-legged. Although he was an Indestructible Godfiend and could only be the leader of a branch family, he was still a Wang family Elder. No one dared to slight him.

Huh? Shocked, Wang Fanchou suddenly opened his eyes and looked in a certain direction. Cong’er’s distress call? It’s coming from his villa?

Swoosh.

Wang Fanchou instantly rushed out of the chamber.

As an Indestructible Godfiend, he was naturally quite fast. He appeared like a phantom under the night sky. He flashed across roofs, tree crowns, and other places. Soon, he arrived at Wang Cong’s courtyard several kilometers away.

He landed in front of the courtyard and immediately saw seven corpses lying inside. Blood dyed the yard red. Among the seven corpses, six were guards, and one was his grandson-Wang Cong. Wang Cong lay there with his eyes wide open with a bloody hole in his chest.

Cong’er. Wang Fanchou was shocked and furious. He also saw three figures standing in the courtyard.

Meng You, Meng An, and Uncle Hua stood by the side.

“A Godfiend is here?” The old servant, Uncle Hua, frowned slightly when he saw Wang Fanchou arrive. He instantly requested help from Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue through a token.

As an avian demon monarch, it was not suitable for him to handle the internal matters of the human race. He naturally left it to his master to handle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252 - Arrest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the wind howled in the night sky, a few lit candles in a study room could be seen.

Liu Qiyue was flipping through a dossier while her husband was painting.

“I’ll finish the painting tomorrow.” Meng Chuan smiled as he looked at the long scroll. In the painting was Starmoon Lake’s Lake Heart Pavilion. His son, Meng An, had caught a big fish and was excited. His daughter, Meng You, and his wife— Liu Qiyue—were playing chess seriously.

After putting down the brush, Meng Chuan looked out the window and couldn’t help but ask, “Qiyue, why aren’t You’er and An’er back yet?”

Liu Qiyue looked up from the dossier and glanced at the window. She said with a smile, “They must have been delayed at the Dao Academy.”

“It’s already dark. It’s rare for them to be outside this late.” Meng Chuan sensed his son and daughter’s location, and curiously said, “They are in the city. They are more than 15 kilometers away from us.”

“Why did they run so far?” Liu Qiyue put down the dossier in puzzlement.

“Uncle Hua is secretly protecting them. Nothing will happen to them. However, why are they so far away?” Meng Chuan was puzzled. His children would immediately return home after leaving the Dao Academy. Even if they were to go somewhere else, they would inform him first.

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue’s expressions changed slightly.

They had bought a set of tokens from Archean Mountain to be used in the family. Their son and daughter brought the tokens with them, allowing them to know their children’s location at all times. As for the avian demon monarch, Uncle Hua, he had one too. He could request for help at any time.

“Uncle Hua is summoning us,” said Meng Chuan.

There were different levels of help requests. The lowest level was to request the couple’s present. The higher level meant a more urgent situation. An even higher level request for help meant a life-and-death situation.

Since it was the lowest-level request for help, Meng Chuan and his wife didn’t panic.

“Uncle Hua wouldn’t trouble us if it’s nothing important. Let’s go and see what happened.” Meng Chuan held his wife’s hand and disappeared from the study.

Wang Fanchou stood outside the courtyard and looked at the seven corpses and the bloodstains on the ground. He could not help but be furious. He looked at Meng You, Meng An, and Uncle Hua and angrily shouted, “Did you kill them?”

“Yes,” Meng An replied decisively.

“Little bastard.” Wang Fanchou’s eyes turned red. His beloved grandson had died tragically. Already enraged, he charged over.

The moment he rushed out, he stopped in midair.

A terrifying domain enveloped the courtyard and Wang Fanchou. Wang Fanchou felt like a tiny bug that had fallen into a spiderweb, unable to struggle at all. Shock appeared in his eyes. A young man and woman appeared in the courtyard with sizzling lightning bolts around them.

“Marquis Eastcalm and Marchioness Calmmoon?” Wang Fanchou’s heart skipped a beat. He was only an Indestructible Godfiend, and now, he was facing two Marquis Godfiends! Just their auras indicated the difference in status. His heart palpitated, and his legs went weak. He was only an ordinary Elder of the Wang family. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been responsible for leading a branch family to Jiang State Capital. Jiang State Capital was quite far away from the Wang family’s central command center—the Cloud State.

“Dad, Mom,” Meng You and Meng An shouted immediately.

The moment Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue arrived, they saw their children holding weapons and seven corpses around them. They felt that something was amiss.

“Master,” Uncle Hua said respectfully, “These seven were ruthless in their attacks. I only acted to save the young master and young mistress.”

Meng Chuan’s heart stirred when he heard that. He couldn’t help but turn to look at Wang Fanchou. Wang Fanchou was suspended three feet above the ground by Meng Chuan’s Darkstar domain, unable to move.

“You’re here to assassinate them too?” Meng Chuan’s eyes were cold.

At that moment, Wang Fanchou figured out the situation. The two teenagers addressed Marquis Eastcalm and Marchioness Calmmoon as their father and mother. They even talked about assassinations?

“No, I’m not trying to assassinate them,” said Wang Fanchou immediately. “Marquis Eastcalm, how would I have the guts? I’m Wang Fanchou from Cloud State’s Wang family.”

“I saw you about to attack.” Meng Chuan waved his hand, and his Darkstar Quintessential Essence instantly attacked Wang Fanchou. Wang Fanchou immediately shouted in horror, “Spare me!”

Following that, the Darkstar Quintessential Essence invaded his body. Wang Fanchou instantly lost consciousness.

Humph.

Meng Chuan waved his hand.

After losing consciousness, Wang Fanchouwhose Quintessential Essence was sealedfell to the side.

“Give me the details?” Liu Qiyue looked at Uncle Hua.

Uncle Hua respectfully said, “This is what happened. On the way home, Young Master and Young Mistress discovered that their Junior Sister Ning from the Dao Academy was in trouble, so they helped her out of righteousness. Who would have thought that this Wang Cong would try to abduct Young Mistress? Young Mistress and Young Master held back and didn’t resist and deliberately came here...”

“We were very angry back then,” said Meng An immediately. “However, Dad, you said that one shouldn’t act based on one’s emotions. You told us to investigate the situation before making a decision. Therefore, Sis and I came here. We had to figure out what kind of person Wang Cong was before we decided on how to punish him. Who would have thought that this person is a wolf in sheep’s clothing? He has harmed countless innocent women. Sis and I could not help but take action. Uncle Hua only took action when we could not defeat them.”

“They do deserve death.” Meng You’s face was filled with anger. “Dying a thousand times isn’t even enough.”

“I killed Wang Cong,” said Meng An. “Dad, if you want to punish somebody, punish me.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan frowned and looked at Uncle Hua. “Uncle Hua. You’er and An’er’s identities can’t be exposed. From the beginning to the end, you should be able to point out whoever saw You’er and An’er, right?”

“Yes.” Uncle Hua said, “From the beginning to the end, only the seven dead, Wang Cong’s eight subordinates, and Ning Donggu’s family of three, saw Young Master and Young Mistress.”

“Dad, Mom, you can’t harm Junior Sister Ning and her family,” said Meng An immediately. Meng You was also worried.

“Don’t worry.” Meng Chuan smiled and looked at his wife, Liu Qiyue.

“Leave the rest to me,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “Leave Wang Fanchou of the Wang family to me.”

“Alright, I’ll bring them back first.” Meng Chuan nodded before disappearing with Meng You and Meng An.

Liu Qiyue stood in the small courtyard while Uncle Hua stood beside her respectfully.

After a while, one figure after another-more than ten-appeared at the courtyard. All of them were Godfiends. They were all extremely respectful.

“Greetings, Marchioness Calmmoon.” Over ten Earth Net Godfiends bowed respectfully. Liu Qiyue them through a token.

“Someone in this manor colluded with the demons to carry out an assassination,” said Liu Qiyue coldly. “These seven people are dead. Everyone in this manor is to be arrested and brought back. Also, all the subordinates of the manor’s owner, Wang Cong, are to be apprehended as well. Investigate carefully! What have these people done? Who colluded with the demons? Do a thorough investigation.” “Yes.” The ten-plus Godfiends responded respectfully.

Liu Qiyue pointed at the unconscious Wang Fanchou. “Imprison Wang Fanchou in the dungeon. I’ll personally conduct the interrogation.”

“Yes.” Immediately, a Godfiend carried Fanchou and left the courtyard.

In just a moment, hundreds of soldiers arrived at the manor, completely surrounding it.

“Take them all away.”

In the hall, the Godfiend descendants were all in a daze. They looked at the Godfiends and soldiers that had appeared around them. Although they were all descendants of powerful family clans in Jiang State Capital, they were still extremely afraid of a group of Godfiends.

“Uncle, Uncle, I really didn’t do anything,” one of the nobles said to a bearded Godfiend immediately. “Uncle, you have to save me.”

The bearded Godfiend looked at his family junior, and coldly ordered. “Shut up. Take him away.”

“I’m Li You. I’m a descendant of the imperial family. How dare you touch me?” shouted a young man.

A soldier hesitated.

“Take him away.” The Godfiend standing at the door gave the order.Imperial family?

The Li family had a long history. Before they became royalty, they were an ancient Godfiend family clan. After tens of thousands of years, over a million people were publicly acknowledged to be a part of the clan. There were even more people who were not acknowledged.

The person with the highest status in this manor was actually Young Master Xiao.

“I’m Xiao Yong, Xiao Fenglei’s son. Marchioness Orchidmoon is my aunt.” Xiao Yong-who held the highest status heremaintained his composure and said, “My aunt is best friends with Marchioness Calmmoon and Marquis Eastcalm, who both guard Jiang State Capital “

“We are under Marchioness Calmmoon’s orders,” one of the Godfiends said indifferently. “Take him away.”

“Marchioness Calmmoon’s orders?” Young Master Xiao was astonished as he was taken away.

Marchioness Calmmoon was the guardian of Jiang State Capital! She had the highest authority here.

Young Master Xiao knew better than anyone that Marchioness Calmmoon’s husband, Marquis Eastcalm was the highest-level Patroller of Archean Mountain! He had greater authority than Marchioness Calmmoon. As Marquis Eastcalm’s job was related to pursuing demon monarchs, everyone was to cooperate with him. If anyone dared to use their status to delay and obstruct his work? No one would dare say a word even if he were killed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253 - A Decade Long Painting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jiang State Capital, Meng Manor.

Meng Chuan brought Meng You and Meng An to Starmoon Lake’s Lake Heart Pavilion.

Ever since they learned of their parents’ true identities, Meng You and Meng An had often visited the residence with their parents. However, they only stayed in Lake Heart Pavillion. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue had others build this building in the middle of Starmoon Lake. Other than the couple, Meng Dajiang, Liu Yebai, the twins, and the two avian demon monarchs, nobody was allowed to approach it. Liu Qiyue used her phoenix flames to guide Earth Fire to a few hot springs, causing Lake Heart Pavillion to be shrouded in mist perennially. It made it difficult for others to see the people on the lake.

“Dad, we were wrong.” Meng You and Meng An obediently admitted their mistakes.

“What faults did you commit?” Meng Chuan asked indifferently. “After we found out about Junior Sister Ning’s matter, we should’ve immediately fled. We shouldn’t have involved ourselves,” replied Meng An obediently, “We should’ve reported the matter to Dad and Mom so that you can save Junior Sister Ning’s family.”

“However, since we’ve involved ourselves, others now know of our extraordinary background. Now, we are in danger of being exposed,” whispered Meng You. “Dad, you said that we had to keep our identities a secret so the demons wouldn’t target us.”

Meng Chuan didn’t flare up in anger when he saw how obedient his son and daughter were.

Whoosh.

Aunt Hui—the gray avian demon monarch that had taken human form-held a wooden tray. She walked over the water towards Lake Heart Pavilion.

“It’s good that you know your faults. In the future, you have to think twice before doing anything. Hurry up and have dinner,” shouted Meng Chuan.

“Yes, Dad.” Meng You and Meng An were overjoyed. They exchanged looks and left happily.

Meng Chuan stared at their backs.

It’s a good thing for young people to be hot-blooded. It’s not realistic to make them endure injustice all the time. Meng Chuan was cognizant of this fact.

Late at night. When his children were already fast asleep, Meng Chuan detected Liu Qiyue returning to Lake Heart Pavilion.

“How was it?” asked Meng Chuan. “I actually found something,” said Liu Qiyue in surprise. “There’s a brothel called Windsay Brothel. The Skydemon Sect uses it to gather intelligence.”

“Skydemon Sect?” Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up. “Investigate carefully.”

“The Skydemon Sect is very cunning. It’s probably very difficult to figure out anything else. However, we will definitely investigate this matter thoroughly. “Liu Qiyue nodded. “By the way, Uncle Hua left a demonic power mark on Wang Cong’s eight subordinates. When Uncle Hua went to capture them, those eight subordinates were still handling some of the Ning family’s artifacts. After they were arrested, I used the Bewitching Spell to investigate. As time was short, they didn’t leak this matter. These eight people do dirty work for Wang Cong and have committed heinous crimes. I executed them directly.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

Liu Qiyue was a Marquis Godfiend and had condensed an Essence Soul. It was very easy for her to control mortals with the Bewitching Spell. She added, “Only the Ning family of three and Wang Fanchou might expose You’er and An’er’s identities. The Ning family of three doesn’t know much about what happened. They only know that Wang Cong captured You’er and An’er. They don’t know about Wang Cong’s death. As for Wang Fanchou... he knows a lot more.”

Meng Chuan asked, “What do you plan on doing?” “The Ning family of three can be recruited and deployed inside Earth Net’s headquarters,” said Liu Qiyue. “Earth Net requires some mortals to do miscellaneous chores in the headquarters. Their family of three will stay there. Most of the mortals in Earth Net’s headquarters are forbidden from contacting the outside world to keep information confidential. They will stay there for five years.

“In five years, You’er and An’er will definitely have entered Archean Mountain. When that happens, the Ning family of three can leave as they wish. They will probably be more willing to stay in Earth Net’s headquarters. After all, they’ll have no worries when living there. We will also promise them that after five years, their house, store, money, and other things will still be theirs.”

Meng Chuan nodded. “What about Wang Fanchou?”

“Two ways.” Liu Qiyue said, “From the interrogation just now, the deceased Wang Cong conducted sordid businesses-ones stained with blood. Firstly, he thinks up all sorts of schemes to seize others’ assets. The Ning family was just one victim that had fallen to his schemes. If it weren’t for You’er and An’er’s intervention, not only would the Ning family’s assets be gone, they would also lose their lives.

“Secondly, he’s in the prostitution business, causing the deaths of many women. Third, he is also a broker. He sends women to befriend the descendants of various Godfiend family clans. Then, he uses the influence of these Godfiend family clan descendants to reap benefits. Therefore, this person is as You’er said-he commits heinous crimes! He has killed over 100 families and even more innocent women.”

“You’er and An’er did a good job killing him.” Meng Chuan also had killing intent.

“Wang Fanchou is his grandfather and his greatest backer. It’s impossible for Wang Cong to hide this from Wang Fanchou,” said Liu Qiyue. “Wang Fanchou turned a blind eye and kept protecting his grandson. Wang Fanchou can’t shirk off responsibility for these crimes.”

“So there are two ways to deal with him. It’s all fair. One, we shall document these crimes clearly and throw them in Cloud State’s Wang family’s face! The Wang family will probably have nothing to say. Even if Wang Fanchou didn’t directly participate in these crimes, he would still be sentenced to 50 years in jail for turning a blind eye to his grandson’s actions and protecting him. Locked in a Godfiend prison, he won’t be able to interact with the outside, so it’s naturally impossible for news to leak.” said Liu Qiyue. “However, from Archean Mountain’s standpoint, they prefer a guilty Godfiend to risk their lives and resist the demons, redeeming themselves. Therefore, my solution is to hire a Godfiend skilled with illusions to change Wang Fanchou’s memories. His false memories will remind him of the assassination attempt on our children, but he won’t remember seeing You’er, An’er, and Uncle Hua. In those memories, he would’ve only seen the two of us!”

“After changing his memories, he won’t know You’er and An’er’s appearances, so he can be safely sent to risk his life fighting the demons and redeem himself,” said Liu Qiyue. “I prefer the latter method.” Meng Chuan frowned. “It’s just that although Wang Fanchou hasn’t condensed an Essence Soul, he’s still a Godfiend. To change his memories... you need someone who has reached the Dao realm with illusions. Those Godfiends are now in Godfiend teams.”

“Ah Chuan, your illusions are also very potent. Can’t you do it?” Liu Qiyue asked.

“I can temporarily hide his memories, but I can’t change them completely.” Meng Chuan pondered and said, “Don’t worry. I’ve been reinforcing the various states for the past ten years. Archean Mountain will occasionally send me to other places as a reinforcement. I have close relationships with more than ten Illusion experts. Let me think about how to resolve this matter.”

From Meng Chuan and his wife’s perspective, they had to protect their children well. In the past ten years, Meng Chuan had caused too much damage to the demons.

The demons hated Meng Chuan to the core. They had attempted to assassinate him three times. Thankfully, Meng Chuan trained with the physical body cultivation system. Otherwise, he would have died long ago. This made Meng Chuan even more careful and cautious when protecting his children. Among the people he cared about, his son and daughter were still mortals. They were too weak.

The next day.

In Lake Heart Pavilion’s study, Meng Chuan was painting

This painting depicted his wife, son, and daughter. His wife was playing chess with Meng You, while his son, Meng An, was overjoyed after catching a big fish. Back then, his son shouted, “Dad, Dad, look! I caught a fish!” When Meng Chuan looked up, he found the scene very beautiful. He also knew that his son and daughter had grown up. In the future, they would go to Archean Mountain. The time they could spend together decreased slowly.

Such a scene was destined to become a memory. Hence, he depicted the scene in this painting. The seriousness could be seen in his wife and daughter’s eyes as they played chess. Under the sunlight, their hair was slightly yellowish, and everything was beautiful. His son was energetic and excited when he showed off his big fish. The way he looked at him, an attachment to his father...

Meng Chuan would never forget that scene.

He had worked on this painting for two months. At this moment, he was finally done painting

Meng Chuan felt his Essence Soul transform. Over the past ten years, he had painted a portrait of his wife every year, as well as many scenes he had seen during his rescues. At Archean Mountain, he had cultivated arduously all day, so his psyche wasn’t affected much. After becoming a guardian that rescued others, his emotions were stirred a lot more. Oh? Meng Chuan sensed the changes in his Essence Soul. I’m finally breaking through?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254 - Fourth-Level Essence Soul
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan inspected the changes in his Essence Soul. For the past ten years, his Essence Soul had remained at the third level. He had painted seven portraits that allowed him to seek answers from his inner self. Each finished painting changed his Essence Soul slightly. Today, his Essence Soul had finally undergone a qualitative transformation.

Fourth-level Essence Soul? Meng Chuan revealed a look of anticipation as his heart stirred.

Swoosh.

Another “Meng Chuan” jumped out from his body. He looked like a real person. Fourth-level Essence Soul-Soul Separation? Meng Chuan carefully noted the flaws of separating his Essence Soul from his body. The separated Essence Soul couldn’t withstand wind, sunlight, and rain. His Essence Soul still needed some attachment to his body to continue existing.

Now, I can split a portion of my Essence Soul and seal it in You’er and An’er. This way, I can be more at ease.

Only after attaining a fourth-level Essence Soul could one seal a portion of their Essence Soul into another person or object. Doing this required one to split a portion of their Essence Soul’s Origins. According to records, splitting the Essence Soul into nine was the normal limit. Within this limit, splitting one’s soul wouldn’t affect their intelligence and perception. If one split their Essence Soul into more than nine portions, their Essence Soul would be injured. With weakened intelligence and perception, one’s cultivation path would be much more difficult. Therefore, it was very rare for powerful Godfiends to cast an Essence Soul seal willingly.

Whoosh. Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul returned to his body.

Meng Chuan looked at the painting in front of him and wrote two words on the right-hand corner, “Children’s Joy.” He smiled and put down the brush before walking out of the study.

COL

Meng You and Meng An sparred in an open area of Lake Heart Pavilion. Meng You’s sword techniques were like mist, fast, and unpredictable.

Meng An’s spear was more direct and straightforward. The spear struck out like a dragon in a more ferocious manner.

Clang!

Meng An swept the end of his spear and blocked Meng You’s sudden sword beam.

“Not bad,” praised Meng Chuan. “You’er’s attack came so suddenly without any warning. An’er, your spear protected you well. You did a good job at offense and defense.”

Meng You and Meng An stopped and listened respectfully.

Meng Chuan walked over and gently patted the twins’ shoulders. He smiled and said, “Continue training. No matter how much you theorize, it’s impossible for it to be better than actual training. You have to cultivate for at least six hours a day. You can’t relax for even a day.”

“Yes, Father,” answered Meng You and Meng An obediently.

Meng Chuan nodded. As he patted his children’s shoulders, he separated two portions of his Essence Soul and sealed them on their shoulders.

Once the Essence Soul seal was activated, it would be equivalent to an Essence Soul avatar. However, it would dissipate after a single use. Only after his Essence Soul reached the sixth stage—the Indestructible realm-could his Essence Soul avatars last for a long time. When his Essence Soul reached the seventh stage, he could have up to nine long-lasting Essence Soul avatars.

A seventh-level Essence Soul had all sorts of magical powers. For example, the Essence Soul’s Origins—that was consumed by forming an Essence Soul seal—could be completely restored at the seventh level. Every Essence Soul avatar would have the combat strength of a Regis Godfiend despite only having a single Essence Soul mystic technique. As long as the main body didn’t die, the Essence Soul avatar could be restored after being destroyed.

As for an eighth-level Essence Soul? It was even possible to win the war between humans and demons.

However, in the long history of humans, the strongest Essence Soul was an eighth-level Essence Soul. Only three people had ever attained an eighth-level Essence Soul. There were much fewer people that had attained an eighth-level Essence Soul than those that had become an Imperial Lord.

Meng Chuan left Lake Heart Pavilion and arrived at Jiang State Capital’s Earth Net headquarters.

“Marquis Eastcalm.”

“Marquis Eastcalm.” The Godfiends at Earth Net headquarters were extremely respectful when they saw Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue also sensed Meng Chuan’s arrival and took the initiative to welcome him. “Ah Chuan, why are you here?”

“Let’s go to Wang Fanchou,” said Meng Chuan.

“Meet Wang Fanchou?” Liu Qiyue was puzzled, but she still led Meng Chuan to the dungeon. In the depths of the dungeon, Wang Fanchou laid imprisoned in a sealed cell. No guard was to come in contact with Wang Fanchou.

Rumble~

The sealed cell door opened. Inside, Wang Fanchou immediately looked up and saw Meng Chuan and his wife walking in. The cell door closed once again. “Marquis Eastcalm, Marchioness Calmmoon, I really didn’t have any intentions of assassinating...” Wang Fanchou explained anxiously. He was also flustered after being imprisoned for a day. “Really?” Meng Chuan looked at him.

“Yes, I’m innocent.” Wang Fanchou looked at Meng Chuan, but his eyes gradually glazed over. He didn’t say another word.

Meng Chuan looked at him. He cast an Essence Soul mystic technique and easily penetrated Wang Fanchou’s soul. Although he hadn’t reached the Realm of Dao with illusions, he could change memories due to the uniqueness of a fourth-level Essence Soul. Even those that had reached the Realm of Dao with illusions would produce flawed memories when using their illusion techniques. Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul directly modified Wang Fanchou’s in an even more tyrannical manner.

This was very similar to what Qin Wu had done. However, Qin Wu’s means were even more intricate.

Meng Chuan erased memories of Meng You and Meng An from Wang Fanchou’s mind. Then, he used illusions to create fake memories.

“It’s done,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ve changed the memories where he saw You’er and An’er.”

“Ah Chuan, didn’t you say that you can only temporarily block his memories? Why can you do it now?” Liu Qiyue’s heart stirred.

“I broke through.” Meng Chuan smiled at his wife.

“You broke through?” Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but whisper, “Fourth level?” Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Liu Qiyue was shocked. This was because for a Regis Godfiend to reach the Creation realm, one of the requirements was a fifth-level Essence Soul! It was very difficult to describe a fifth-level Essence Soul in books. Creation Supremacies might be very powerful in other aspects, but most of their Essence Souls only reached the fifth level.

Now, Meng Chuan had a fourth-level Essence Soul! He was close to attaining a fifth-level Essence Soul.

“Wang Fanchou.” Meng Chuan looked at the dazed Wang Fanchou, snapping him awake suddenly.

“Are you aware of the many heinous crimes your grandson, Wang Cong, has committed? Without your protection, how could he have continued committing these crimes to this day?” Meng Chuan sneered. “Many Godfiends are using their lives to protect cities and countless mortals. Is it to allow fools like him to wreak havoc on people?”

Wang Fanchou was drenched in a cold sweat.

It didn’t matter if no one cast their attention on this matter. But if a Marquis Godfiend were to target such matters, there was no way to deny Wang Cong’s crimes. The Imperial Court’s laws and Archean Mountain’s rules were written clearly.

Humph.

Meng Chuan snorted coldly and left with his wife.

After exiting the dungeon, Meng Chuan asked, “The investigations have been going on for a day. Have you found anything?”

“The Skydemon Sect is very careful. We did find some Skydemon Sect spies through Windsay Brothel. As for the big fish? We found nothing. The clues stopped in the middle,” said Liu Qiyue. “On the other hand, we did find out about a lot of things some Godfiend descendants have done. It’s shocking. Some of their crimes are in no way inferior to Wang Cong’s.”

Liu Qiyue brought Meng Chuan to a room. She pointed at the pile of dossiers on the desk. “These dossiers are the results of the investigation. You can take a look.”

Meng Chuan picked one up, and his expression changed slightly as he read through it.

Every dossier was stained with a person’s life -blood and injustice.

“They deserve to die.” Meng Chuan’s eyes were filled with bloodlust. “Are these Godfiend descendants just going to embarrass their ancestors? Godfiends are risking their lives, but these juniors are acting so wantonly?”

“There are many people in Godfiend family clans,” explained Liu Qiyue. “For example, the Meng family has more than 10,000 clansmen. Older Godfiend family clans have tens of thousands of clansmen and even hundreds of thousands of clansmen! With so many of them, it’s natural to have a few bad eggs! They have no future in cultivation, but they have connections. Once they commit evil, they will be far more harmful than ordinary people.”

“You’ve been guarding Jiang State Capital for the past ten years? Didn’t you do anything about it?” Meng Chuan was infuriated.

Liu Qiyue helplessly said, “I’m in charge of guarding the area. However, the information from Earth Net is directly handled by the Godfiends below. I only make decisions regarding important matters. As for crimes committed by mortals in Jiang State Capital? It’s all handled by the imperial government. Archean Mountain Godfiends normally won’t interfere with mortal matters. After all, the Imperial Court has always been in charge of mortal matters.”

“You are the guardian of Jiang State Capital. You have the right to take control of the government office directly,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue nodded. “Yes, I can forcefully take control of it.”

“Then take control. Sweep Jiang State Capital ruthlessly,” said Meng Chuan. “Even the government office needs to be raided once. There are probably many parasites in the government office as well.”

“Sweep through Jiang State Capital?” Liu Qiyue looked at her husband. “There are quite a number of people from Creation Godfiend family clans, the imperial family, and Regis Godfiend family clans in the city.”

“We Godfiends are risking our lives to kill demon monarchs and protect an entire area,” said Meng Chuan angrily. “We’re protecting them with our lives. We can’t let them spit on our efforts like this.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255 - Raid
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Liu Qiyue had been stationed in Jiang State Capital for ten years, and she rarely took action. As for Meng Chuan, he had been in charge of rescuing people in six different states for ten years. He had been engaging in slaughter all this time, so he was extremely bloodthirsty.

Every time the demon monarchs attacked, a large number of mortals would die.

Meng Chuan had seen too many massacres. He tried his best to rescue the various regions and never slacked off! Wherever Archean Mountain deployed him, he would go without any complaints. He had been stationed in all of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s regions. This was also what Archean Mountain called “defense switch.” By moving Godfiends around, the demons suffered even more losses in the Great Zhou Dynasty. That was why they hated Meng Chuan—who was the fastest Godfiend in the world.

Meng Chuan wasn’t afraid of the demons. He wanted to protect the cities.

“Do a ruthless raid. Arrest and kill those who deserve it,” said Meng Chuan coldly. “As long as there’s sufficient evidence, I believe that no Godfiend from Archean Mountain will make things difficult for me.”

“Alright, I’ll do it then.” Liu Qiyue had been by Meng Chuan’s side for many years. She had killed countless people, and she was similarly bloodthirsty.

“We’ll do a raid every one or two years,” said Meng Chuan. “As long as Archean Mountain doesn’t transfer us away, we’ll do it! I believe that Master will support us.”

Liu Qiyue smiled. “Okay.”

The head of the Yan family’s Jiang River Hall branch angrily said, “Who are you? How dare you come to my Yan family and act so impudently?”

A bearded Godfiend led a group of soldiers to charge in. The bearded Godfiend held a token in his hand as he coldly said, “Marchioness Calmmoon ordered us to capture criminals and take Yan Xiu away.”

“Orders from Marchioness Calmmoon?”

The Yan family was stunned.

In Jiang State Capital, Marchioness Calmmoon had the highest authority. Godfiends, armies, and the government office had to obey her orders.

“Take him away,” a tall, skinny Godfiend ordered. The soldiers charged forward.

“I’m Xiao Yu. My grandfather is the Xiao family’s Grand Elder,” shouted a thin man loudly. However, his subordinates did not dare resist the Godfiends. The great Young Master Xiao Yu was also arrested.

“Walk.”

“Arrest them.” Numerous guards were dispatched to arrest people. Arrests were made across the entire Jiang State Capital.

For those with high statuses, they might resist with greater force; therefore, the teams were led by Godfiends. Ordinary soldiers captured those with relatively ordinary statues.

Almost every Godfiend family clan had members arrested. Even Meng Chuan’s Meng family had two juniors arrested.

“Please pass the message. Our Patriarch wishes to meet Clan Leader Meng Dajiang.” At the entrance of Meng Manor, an old steward of the Yan family came forward and politely said, “Our clan leader and Clan Leader Meng are good friends.” “Sorry.” The guard at the entrance of Meng Manor politely said, “The clan leader went into seclusion last night. We were given instructions not to disturb him.”

“Seclusion? When will he exit seclusion?” The old steward’s expression changed slightly. “The clan leader said that it would take at least ten days to a year or so,” explained the Meng Manor guard.

The old steward could only turn around and walk towards the nearby carriage.

“Let’s go back.” In the carriage, the Yan family’s Jiang River Hall branch leader had a livid expression.

“Please inform...”

“I’m sorry, our clan leader went into seclusion last night and instructed us not to disturb him.”

“Clan Leader went into seclusion last night.”

All the factions in Jiang State Capital came to seek an audience. They couldn’t meet the two Marquis Godfiends, so they tried to meet the Meng family’s clan leader, Meng Dajiang. However, even Meng Dajiang had announced his seclusion.

“The Meng family is crazy. They don’t even give us face.” “I heard that the Xiao family’s clan leader personally went to pay a visit to Marquis Eastcalm, Meng Chuan, but ended up having a bunch of dossiers thrown at him. The Xiao family’s clan leader returned dejectedly. Marquis Eastcalm doesn’t even give the Xiao family any face.”

“The Xiao family has been rooted in Jiang State Capital for thousands of years and has infiltrated many areas. Many members of the Xiao family who were arrested this time are of high status. They are obviously anxious.”

All the major family clans in the city were engaged in a flurry of discussion. Too many people had been arrested.

“Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue are crazy. Do they really think they can do whatever they want after becoming Marquis Godfiends?” Yan family’s Jiang River Hall branch leader was infuriated. “I’ll write to my grandfather now.”

“Meng Chuan and his wife have angered everyone. Just wait. They will suffer.”

“Our lineage has thousands of clansmen in Jiang State Capital, so we naturally have to show our gratitude and authority to each other. Without deterrence, there’s no way we can do anything. It’s inevitable to kill some people. As Godfiends, why would Meng Chuan and his wife interfere with mortal matters?”

Many people only dared to curse secretly while at home.

No matter how great the chaos was outside, Meng Chuan only treated them as insect noises.

As the highest-level Patroller, he had the same status as a Regis Godfiend. Only Supremacies could truly control him.

The fragrance of sandalwood filled a chamber.

Meng Chuan sat cross-legged as he condensed an Essence Soul weaponSoul-Vanquishing Spike. After attaining a fourth-level Essence Soul, he needed to imprint more complicated second-level divine patterns on his Soul-Vanquishing Spike. Every night, Meng Chuan spent six hours imprinting complicated second-level divine patterns on top of the original foundation. After three consecutive days, he improved the Soul-Vanquishing Spike’s strength to a new level. Its might was greatly increased.

Soul-Vanquishing Spike’s attacks are very direct. Condensing and imprinting divine patterns is relatively simple. It won’t take too long for me to finish. However, the Soul-Buster Bell will be troublesome to condense. It’ll take about half a month to condense from scratch.

With a fourth-level Essence Soul, Meng Chuan could condense another Essence Soul weapon—the Soul-Buster Bell.

Soul-Vanquishing Spike and Soul-Buster Bell were both extremely powerful Essence Soul weapons. In fact, once one attained a fourth-level Essence Soul, the strength of ordinary Essence Soul mystic techniques would greatly increase.

After attaining a fourth-level Essence Soul, I can begin cultivating the physical body cultivation system’s Undying realm. I can’t afford to waste time. I’ll make a trip to Archean Mountain and exchange for enough Scarlet Blood Divine Pills.

The physical body cultivation system had several realms-Foundation Establishment, Diamond, Divine Power, Undying, Blood Droplet, Sage Becoming, and Mythical. Due to limited resources in the human world, he would peak at the Blood Droplet realm.

Now that Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul had reached the fourth level, and having reached the Realm of Dao a long time ago, he could cultivate the Undying realm. Once he mastered it, he would have an Undying body. He could completely suppress Marquis Godfiends with just his physical strength.

Creak.

Meng Chuan left the chamber. Liu Qiyue waited outside as she flipped through dossiers. She had been crazily making arrests the past three days, so she had to read through every dossier carefully.

“Ah Chuan,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile. “I still need to read dossiers for a while. I have to ensure that I didn’t wrong anyone.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I’ll make a trip to Archean Mountain now. I’ll be back in two hours.”

“Alright.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan disappeared from the room. Liu

Qiyue glanced at the night sky through the window before continuing to read the dossiers.

Meng Chuan transformed into a blurry bolt of lightning as he charged towards Archean Mountain at unbelievable speeds. Just 15 minutes later, he arrived at Archean Mountain—which was 5,000 kilometers away from Jiang State Capital. “Meng Chuan, come to me.” Supremacy Qin Wu’s voice sounded in his ears.

Meng Chuan immediately turned around and headed for Grotto-Heaven Pavilion obediently. Within Grotto-heaven Pavilion.

“Master.” Meng Chuan bowed respectfully.

The robed-Qin Wu smiled and said, “It’s already late at night. Why did you suddenly come to Archean Mountain?”

“I’m here to exchange for some Scarlet Blood Divine Pills. I also wish to put up a bounty for the baneful aura,” replied Meng Chuan obediently.“Yes.” Qin Wu nodded with a smile. He could tell at a glance that Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul had reached the fourth level. This made him rather delighted. “Now that you have attained a fourth-level Essence Soul, you can indeed begin cultivating the physical body cultivation system’s Undying realm. Master it as soon as possible. Your life-preservation abilities will be much stronger.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

“By the way, I heard that you and Liu Qiyue have been raiding and arresting people in Jiang State Capital?” asked Qin Wu with a smile.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “I really can’t tolerate it. So many Godfiends have risked their lives to protect the cities. However, these idiots relied on their power and background to do whatever they want.”

“They do deserve being arrested and killed.” Qin Wu nodded and sighed. “I also wish to deter them. In fact, the Imperial Court has its laws, and Archean Mountain has set the rules. However, those who enact the laws are ultimately subordinates. My orders—when passed down the chain of command—will be acted upon differently. Humans ultimately have selfish motives. With selfish motives, these things are inevitable.”

“I understand. There are more than ten million people in Jiang State Capital. The various factions are in cahoots, and the Skydemon Sect is hidden in the shadows. In addition, life is difficult, so it’s naturally difficult to avoid the dark side. Qiyue and I also understand that it’s impossible to wipe them out completely. Therefore, we plan to clean the city once every one or two years, hoping to deter them. We have to let them know that if they commit a crime, they might be investigated in the future. It will make them feel fear,” said Meng Chuan.

“Yes, just do it.” Qin Wu agreed. “By the way, how many Scarlet Blood Divine Pills do you want to exchange for? I’ll help you retrieve them.”

“I need 3,600 Scarlet Blood Divine Pills,” said Meng Chuan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256 - Grotto-Heaven Magical Bead
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Qin Wu’s heart palpitated when he heard that. He could not help but ask, “That many?”

“I need ten Scarlet Blood Divine Pills a day. It’ll take about a year to master it. That’s why I need so many Scarlet Blood Divine Pills,” said Meng Chuan. “If I don’t use them, it will take ten years.”

“Scarlet Blood Divine Pills are for Marquis Godfiends to recover their Quintessential Essence,” said Qin Wu helplessly. “It can completely restore a Marquis Godfiend’s Quintessential Essence reserves in 30 seconds. It’s usually consumed at critical moments. You sure are good... Eating Scarlet Blood Divine Pills like it’s a meal. You have to eat ten pills every day and have to eat it for an entire year.”

Meng Chuan smiled obsequiously.

“You want 3,600? No.” Qin Wu shook his head.

“No?” Meng Chuan was taken aback.

“Such divine pills are rare. Only after finding a batch of materials can a batch of pills be refined,” said Qin Wu. “Now, Archean Mountain only has a stock of about 2,000 Scarlet Blood Divine Pills. Many Godfiends have to exchange for them occasionally. It’s impossible for you to take them all. It’s too wasteful to use them like this.”

Meng Chuan immediately said, “Master, you’re right. However, this disciple’s cultivation of the physical body cultivation system consumes an astonishing amount of Quintessential Essence. If I rely on recovering my Quintessential Essence naturally, it will take ten years.”

“If this were any other time, it wouldn’t be a big deal to spend ten years.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan and gave him a faint smile. “Now that it’s wartime, it’s indeed best to master it as soon as possible. How about this? I’ll lend you a treasure for a year! Return it to me after the year is up.”

As Qin Wu spoke, he flipped his hand, and a cyan bead, that emitted a glow, appeared in his palm.

Meng Chuan looked at the cyan bead. Meng Chuan could sense the immense power contained within the bead.

“This is the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead,” said Qin Wu. “It contains a pocket grotto-heaven. You can directly devour it and place it in your dantian space.”

“A small grotto-heaven?” Meng Chuan was shocked. “It can be carried with me?”

“Take it with you,” said Qin Wu. “When you cultivate, you can directly trigger the energy in the pocket grotto-heaven. The Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead’s power is boundless. It’s much more powerful than the Scarlet Blood Divine Pill’s medicinal essence. It’s enough for you to master the Undying realm. Return the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead to me one year later. Of course, the one-year loan will cost you 36 million credits. Are you okay with that?”

Meng Chuan said obediently, “Thank you, Master. I’m naturally okay with that.”

3,600 Scarlet Blood Divine Pills also cost 36 million credits... The Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead loan for a year cost the same.

“Master, other than using its power to cultivate, what other uses does the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead have?” asked Meng Chuan.

“It contains a pocket grotto-heaven that spans 250 kilometers,” said Qin Wu. “Many items can be thrown in directly or hidden in it, living things included. One can plant food inside, so letting hundreds of thousands of people live and reproduce inside it wouldn’t be a problem. Hiding the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead in a remote, uninhabited place and then hiding in it can lead to eternal freedom.”

Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up when he heard that. A paradise-like place that was outside of this world? “Can I use credits to exchange for it?” asked Meng Chuan. “You can.” Qin Wu smiled at Meng Chuan. “500 million credits.”

Meng Chuan smiled and didn’t say a word.

Over the past ten years, he had only accumulated about 160 million credits. It was earned from being stationed all over the Great Zhou Dynasty, allowing him to kill many elite demon monarchs. He had handed the treasures left behind by the elite demon monarchs to Archean Mountain. After ten years of hard work, that was all he had accumulated. He hadn’t spent much credit in this past decade.

Meng Chuan and his wife’s cultivation would be shockingly expensive when they became Regis Godfiends in the future. If they wanted to increase their strength quickly, everything they needed required credit.

A pocket grotto-heaven for 500 million credits? Forget it.

“Remember to return it to me in a year,” said Qin Wu as he handed it over. “This is Archean Mountain’s property.”

“Yes, yes, yes.” Meng Chuan obediently received the cyan bead.

He opened his mouth and sucked the cyan bead into his body.

Quintessential Essence wrapped around the cyan bead as it rapidly entered his body. The dantian space was extremely mysterious, but the cyan bead easily entered.

What a mighty grotto-heaven. Meng Chuan’s consciousness permeated the cyan bead, and he discovered that the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead contained a vast land. There was a ring of nine volcanoes that often erupted. The world’s foundation powers contained within this pocket grotto-heaven were immense and miraculous. It was even more magical than the Scarlet Blood Divine Pills’ medicinal essence. It replenished one’s Quintessential Essence even faster.

“What else do you need?” inquired Qin Wu.

“Once I reach the Undying realm and have a strong body, I can absorb a higher level of baneful aura,” said Meng Chuan. “I wish to place a 100 million credit bounty on five tubes of Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura or three cubes of Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura.”

Qin Wu nodded. “An Undying realm expert can crush Marquis Godfiends with just their bodies. Combat strength is only secondary; an Undying realm expert’s lifeforce is even more impressive. It’s much stronger than the lifeforce of a Regis Godfiend. You will indeed be capable of absorbing a higher level of baneful aura.”

“Our Godfiend cultivation system is inferior in terms of physical strength, but our Quintessential Essence is potent,” said Meng Chuan.

“The physical body cultivation system heritage you obtained in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven...” Qin Wu shook his head. “It seems like it can crush our Godfiend cultivation system, but there are too many flaws to it. The main flaw is that the requirements on one’s Essence Soul are too harsh. Mortals would require a first-level Essence Soul to achieve basic mastery. One needs a fourth-level Essence Soul to reach the Undying realm. The number of experts of this cultivation system is much fewer than us Godfiends.”

Meng Chuan nodded. Across the world, how many people had attained a fourth-level Essence Soul? This was just one of the requirements for reaching the Undying realm.

“Archean Mountain doesn’t have five cubes of Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura or three cubes of Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura.” Qin Wu shook his head.

“That’s why I want to put up a bounty,” said Meng Chuan. “I hope a Godfiend happens to have it in their collection.”

“If they have such baneful auras, and are unable to use it themselves, they would have long handed it over to the sect,” said Qin Wu. “Actually, you can try other baneful auras.” “Other baneful auras?” Meng Chuan was puzzled.

“Previous Lightning Devastator Fiend Body cultivators in history have tested different baneful auras through trial and error. Those who followed the frost baneful aura path tested Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura first. Later, they tested Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura. However, all of the two baneful auras have been used up by your predecessors. You will need to test out a few baneful auras that suit you,” said Qin Wu.

Meng Chuan was puzzled. “What are the baneful auras I can try?”

“My Archean Mountain has a kind of baneful aura called Origins Returning baneful aura. It’s much more potent than Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura and Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura,” said Qin Wu. “It’s also a frost baneful aura. After you reach the Undying realm, your body will be stronger than a Regis Godfiend’s. I think you can give it a try. However, I believe you will need two cubes of Origins Returning baneful aura to master it completely. That will cost you 200 million credits.”

“200 million credits?” Meng Chuan was shocked. “It’s that expensive?”

The Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead was only worth 500 million credits.

Three cubes of Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura or five cubes of Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura typically cost 80 million credits. Meng Chuan was willing to offer 100 million credits.

“It’s very cheap.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan. “Only our Archean Mountain possesses it in this world. It was obtained by an Archean Mountain senior from outside this world.”

“Yes, yes. Can I purchase it on credit?” asked Meng Chuan.

“Yes. I’ll slowly deduct from the credits you earn every year.” Qin Wu flipped his hand and took out a tiny black calabash. “There’s a sliver of Origins Returning baneful aura in it. After you cultivate to the Undying realm, you can try to see if your body can withstand it. If you fail... pretend I didn’t say anything.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan took the black calabash.

Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura and Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura could only be found by chance.

This Origins Returning baneful aura was something unheard of in this world. He was only nurtured so much because he was an outstanding disciple and it was wartime.

Following that, Meng Chuan bade farewell and left Archean Mountain. He returned to Jiang State Capital 15 minutes later.

...

One of seven major city passes in the Great Zhou Dynasty, Swallow Mountain Pass.

Other than Supremacy Luo Tang-who guarded Luo Tang Pass—the guardians of the six other major city passes were publicly acknowledged to be the six strongest Archean Mountain Regis Godfiends. Every major city pass was of utmost importance.

Within an enormous chamber, a white-haired elder sat cross-legged as a grayish-white gas swirled around him. The void distorted as a result. Suddenly, he sucked in a deep breath and completely devoured the grayish-white gas.

The old man opened his eyes and said, “Come in.”

The door to the chamber opened.

A Godfiend guard respectfully walked in. “Your Highness, it’s a letter from Jiang State Capital.”

“Oh?” The old man took the letter and smiled. “It’s from Shuang. He still remembers to write to me?”

The Godfiend guard sighed inwardly.

King Swallow Mountain had been guarding the city pass for more than 200 years. He did not dare to relax for a single day and was usually rather strict. Only a few juniors from his family clan could make him smile.

“Jiang State Capital. Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue?” King Swallow Mountain frowned as he read the letter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257 - King Swallow Mountain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

King Swallow Mountain frowned after reading the letter.

“Your Highness?” said the Godfiend guard softly.

“Junior Brother Meng Chuan has been down the mountain for nearly 20 years. He has been hunting down the demons, and his contributions are remarkable. The demons have attempted to assassinate him several times.” King Swallow’s old voice was filled with puzzlement. “When King True Martial wrote to me, he was also full of praise for Junior Brother Meng Chuan. He claimed that Meng Chuan alone was comparable to ten Marquis Godfiends. Now, the Great Zhou Dynasty is rather stable, mostly because of Junior Brother Meng Chuan’s contribution.”

King Swallow Mountain shook his head gently. “Why would such a figure care about such trivial mortal matters?” With his status, he was more concerned about the war with the demons. He was indeed too lazy to care about the conflicts of interests among mortals.

From King Swallow Mountain’s point of view, it was a form of bliss for mortals to have conflicts of interest! If the world were filled with mass graves because of countless demons and mortals dying, then ‘living’ would be the greatest desire of mortals. How could they have the mood to think about anything else?

“Zhang Chu, investigate what happened in Jiang State Capital recently,” said King Swallow Mountain.

“Yes,” replied the Godfiend guard respectfully. A day later, a thick dossier was delivered to Swallow Mountain Pass and sent to King Swallow Mountain.

King Swallow Mountain flipped through the dossier, and his expression turned ugly.

“B*STARD!” King Swallow Mountain’s white beard trembled, his eyes filled with rage. “B*stard! B*STARD!!!”

“Your Highness, calm down,” said Zhang Chu immediately.

“I’m not angry because of what is stated in the dossier,” said King Swallow Mountain coldly. “There are thousands of kinds of people. It’s normal for a family to have some fools when it’s big. I’m angry because of that good grandson of mine! What a good grandson! As the leader of our family’s Jiang River Hall, he didn’t punish his descendants severely when he encountered such matters. Instead, he wrote a letter to slander Junior Brother Meng and his wife, hoping to use me to deal with Junior Brother Meng Chuan. Didn’t he think it through? Once the truth is revealed, what will the other Godfiends think of me?

“He just wants to borrow my hands, but he didn’t even consider if he was even right in this matter. How embarrassing! Truly embarrassing! And he’s stupid!” King Swallow Mountain’s eyes were cold. “From the looks of it, he has enjoyed himself in Jiang State Capital and is used to doing whatever he wants. No one can do a thing about him. Over the past few decades, he has already become dumb. I’ll force him to go to the battlefield to see some blood and wake him up. That’s right. Why should I let him enjoy life in Jiang State capital just because he’s my grandson?”

The Godfiend guards, Zhang Chu and Yan Tong, left Swallow Mountain Pass on a bird and arrived at Jiang State Capital—which was 5000 kilometers away.

Jiang State Capital.

The Yan family’s Jiang River Hall manor occupied a large area.

In the main hall.

“Brother,” said Clan Leader Yan Shuang with a smile. “Why did you come from Swallow Mountain Pass?”

“I came here on the orders of the king,” Yan Tong said.

“What instructions does His Highness have?” An elder seated next to him couldn’t help but ask eagerly.

Yan Tong glanced at the elder before nodding at the Godfiend guard, Zhang Chu. Only then did Zhang Chu stand up. He held a token in his hand. “Decree from His Highness.”

Everyone stood up to listen to the decree.

“The clansmen have committed crimes, but as clan leader, not only did Yan Shuang not punish them severely, he even lied to His Highness. He hoped for His Highness to deal with a fellow disciple.”

As Zhang Chu spoke, Yan Shuang’s expression changed. “No, I didn’t...”

“His Highness has instructed that from now on, Yan Shuang will be stripped of the position of leader of Jiang River Hall. He will be whipped 80 times on the spot! Then, he will head to Swallow Mountain Pass to fend off the demons,” said Zhang Chu. “From today onwards, Yan Tong will take over as leader of Jiang River Hall.”

Everyone present was stunned. However, King Swallow Mountain’s words were final in the Yan family. Even the main branch had to obey his orders, let alone Jiang River Hall.

“Grandfather was deceived. He made a mistake.” Yan Shuang’s face turned pale as he immediately shouted, “I’m grandfather’s grandson. Yan Tong is only my cousin. He’s separated by several levels. What right does he have to be clan leader? He’s not qualified.”

How carefree was he in Jiang State Capital?

He enjoyed the highest status in the family clan branch! Whatever he wanted, happened! He truly could do whatever he wanted. With just a hint, the people under him would do whatever he wanted. He enjoyed riches and glory. He had a bunch of wives and concubines. King Swallow Mountain had favored this grandson of his. Since Yan Shuang was only an Indestructible Godfiend and the family clan needed an ordinary Godfiend to preside over the branch family in Jiang State Capital, Yan Shuan was given such a generous arrangement.

Yan Shuang was also very obedient in front of his grandfather. However, he had indulged himself in Jiang State Capital for too long. After doing virtually whatever he wanted for decades, he had become accustomed to being arrogant. In fact, he was only a little unhappy that Meng Chuan and his wife had arrested one of the Yan family’s descendants. He felt humiliated when Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Meng Dajiang completely ignored him. The more clansmen arrested, the more he wanted to use his grandfather to deal with Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue.

From his point of view, his grandfather was a Regis Godfiend. He had guarded Swallow Mountain Pass for more than 200 years. How much had he contributed? How could two newly-advanced Marquis Godfiends like Meng Chuan and his wife compare?

“His Highness was right.” Zhang Chu shook his head. “You have been too used to doing whatever you want and have become dumb! Carry out the punishment!” Zhang Chu waved his hand, and an invisible mist bound Yan Shuang like ribbons. Yan Shuang-only an Indestructible Godfiend-was unable to resist.

“Zhang Chu! You dare hit me?” Yan Shuang shouted anxiously, but he couldn’t break out of the binding.

Pa!

Zhang Chu held a whip in his hand as he lashed out. Yan Shuan’s body trembled as the whip lacerated his skin. It left the Elders watching in shock.

“Zhang Chu, you are crazy!” Yan Shuang roared.

Zhang Chu continued lashing out with his whip. As a Great Solar Godfiend, no one present could resist him. Furthermore, he had the king’s token and was also King Swallow Mountain’s personal guard.

The first few whips resulted in howls of anger, but later on, he began begging for mercy. Towards the end, he was barely breathing.

The 80-lash punishment ended. Yan Shuang laid on the ground like a dead dog, unconscious. “I’ll leave Jiang River Hall branch to you.” Zhang Chu looked at Yan Tong.

“Don’t worry. I will definitely do what His Highness instructed me to do.” Yan Tong nodded. He was a Godfiend of the Yan family. He had served at Swallow Mountain Pass for 50 years, and he had an iron-like personality.Zhang Chu carried the unconscious Yan Shuang and left the main hall. He leaped onto a bird’s back and quickly left for Swallow Mountain Pass.

What awaited Yan Shuang was a long period of demon-fighting at Swallow Mountain Pass.

News of what happened in the Yan family quickly spread among the major families in Jiang State Capital, shocking the major clans.

However, just three days later, the Imperial Court sent an order to all the cities in the world. In recent years, large numbers of people had entered the state capitals and prefecture cities, causing the degradation of public security. It was time for a purge!

Qin Wu personally wrote letters to Regis and Marquis Godfiends. During wartime, Godfiends had to risk their lives in battle, but they still had to pay attention to their descendants to prevent them from harming others.

In fact, the Imperial Court’s announcement was not very useful. After all, the government offices all over the world just needed to put on an act.

On the contrary, Qin Wu’s letter was a lot more effective. Although Regis and Marquis Godfiends couldn’t be bothered with mortal matters and they were more focused on dealing with the demons, they took it seriously when the Supremacy wrote to them. They gave strict orders. It didn’t matter what the members of the various family clans thought, at least on the surface, they had to make it sound good. In Jiang State Capital, all the major family clans immediately stood in line. Everyone praised Meng Chuan and his wife for their love for the people.

“The Imperial Court has issued a decree, and Master has written letters to various Godfiends.” Liu Qiyue sat in Lake Heart Pavilion and flipped through dossiers. She shook her head and said, “The major family clans are now very strict with their clansmen, but it’s just an act. They’re half-heartedly keeping in line.” As Meng Chuan painted, he chuckled softly and said, “People have selfish motives; thus, many things are inevitable. On the surface, the major family clans are doing their best to make everything look fine. That’s already good enough. Those descendants of large family clans will pay attention to their words and actions outside. This way, the havoc they wreak will be reduced by 80 percent.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258 - Undying Realm
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Yes, it’s already pretty good if they can pay attention to their words and actions on the surface.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

Meng Chuan continued, “Time is heartless. After five to ten years, many descendants of Godfiend family clans will probably return to their old ways. The two of us can only frequently raid Jiang State Capital, but we can’t control the entire world. Master can’t write letters to Regis and Marquis Godfiends every one or two years, right?”

“We’ll do our best,” said Liu Qiyue. “In comparison, the demons are the greatest enemy.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan also turned serious.

Demons...

“Ah Chuan, you said that the demons are becoming more and more cunning. The number of demon monarchs we can kill is decreasing,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded. “They are very cautious.” “Ever since the demon army invaded en masse, the demons have become more cautious over the years. In fact, the frequency of their attacks has decreased,” said Liu Qiyue. “There are many demon monarchs in the Demon Realm. There are a bunch of newly-advanced third firmament demon monarchs every year. Every year, demon monarchs will constantly infiltrate the human world. The number of demon monarchs in the human world hasn’t decreased over the years, but their attacking frequency has decreased.” Meng Chuan nodded. “Yes, the demon monarchs are afraid of death. Even if the upper echelons give the order, the demon monarchs aren’t willing to die. Therefore, the frequency of their attacks will be reduced. According to what I know, the demons mainly rely on enticing treasures that can be exchanged with credit to make them risk their lives. After all, they are hiding in the human world. The demons can’t force them.”

“There are clearly many armies hidden in the shadows. Are they just going to continue this war of attrition with humans?” asked Liu Qiyue. “A war of attrition doesn’t benefit the demons. Although many mortals have died, with how fast humans produce, it won’t affect our foundation in the human world. As for Godfiends teams? They are composed of the most elite Great Solar Godfiends. Although there are losses in every battle, we have even more Marquis Godfiends now. In the past 11 years, Archean Mountain has produced ten new Marquis Godfiends, including us.”

Xue Feng, Yang Huayu, Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, Xiao Yunyue...

Ten new Marquis Godfiends had risen in the past 11 years. With the strongest Great Solar Godfiends risking their lives and engaging in life-and-death battles, they now had a higher chance of breaking through despite it being crueler.

“It doesn’t affect the foundations of mortals. Godfiends are also breaking through on a regular basis,” said Liu Qiyue. “Are the demons going to continue like this?” “What do you mean?” Meng Chuan looked at his wife.

“Ah Chuan, you said before that in the Dao of Yin-Yang, Yin is about accumulation and convergence. Yang is about the eruption of accumulated strength,” said Liu Qiyue. “I think the demons will erupt one day. They have been lurking for so long and have planned for so long. Once they really attack... Ah Chuan, you have to be careful.”

Meng Chuan nodded. He had actually thought about the situation that his wife had just described. According to the humans’ judgment, many demon monarchs infiltrated the human world every year, but their attacking frequency had decreased. Meng Chuan was similarly uneasy, but what could he do?

Clang! Clang!

The sound of weapons colliding could be heard from outside.

Meng Chuan and his wife looked through the window at a distant spot. Meng You and Meng An were sparring

“You’er and An’er have also read through the dossiers,” said Liu Qiyue with a sigh. “They know of the sins that Wang Cong had committed, and also know how much darkness there is in Jiang State Capital. They have become much more diligent in their cultivation.”

“They should know about such things at their age,” said Meng Chuan.

“I really hope that we can finish this war. There’s no need for You’er and An’er to continue fighting for generations,” said Liu Qiyue.

Meng Chuan nodded. He also hoped for the war to end quickly. However, there was no hope of victory now. All he knew was that the demons’ forces in the human world were growing stronger and stronger.

Inside the chamber, the white-robed Meng Chuan sat cross-legged. Lightning flashed all over his body.

After attaining a fourth-level Essence Soul, Meng Chuan’s perception of the ‘microscopic world’ had grown even stronger. His view of everything in his body was magnified countless times. A drop of blood was even wider than the sea. Even the smallest particles that formed his body were like towering mountains. When his Essence Soul seeped into a particle, he could probe the particle space.

With his present perception of the ‘microscopic world,’ the particle space seemed much vaster. The core that occupied a trillionth of the particle was the size of a stone stable after being magnified countless times.

Chi! Chi! Chi! A droplet-shaped crystal entered the particle space from the outside world. Meng Chuan’s figure appeared inside the droplet-shaped crystal.

The particle space was controlled completely. Under the guidance of Meng Chuan’s physical body mystic technique, the particle space absorbed the pocket grotto-heaven’s Origins power. Chi! Chi! Chi!

As he absorbed the pocket grotto-heaven’s Origins power, the particle space became more stable. Finally, this droplet-shaped crystal entered the particle space and landed on the core sphere that was the size of a stone table.

Boom!

The particle space trembled. Meng Chuan stood in the middle of the water droplet-shaped crystal, curiously looking at the world.

This is the particle space? Meng Chuan’s inner self had indeed become a droplet-shaped crystal. He looked at the core sphere beneath his feet and looked up at the vast particle space, as though he was looking at a starry sky.

My psyche is located in the middle of the particle space, allowing me to control this particle space completely. This particle space is now much stronger than the others.

His psyche was also called Essence Soul Thought. An Essence Soul was composed of billions of thoughts. It was usually complete. One’s Essence Soul had to reach the fourth level before the Essence Soul could gather and disperse. It was easy to keep a portion of one’s Essence Soul sealed even if they were 5000 kilometers away. There was no need to mention the controlled splitting of one’s Essence Soul within their body! Essence Soul Thought was the smallest quanta of the Essence Soul. To reach the Undying realm, one had to leave an Essence Soul Thought in each particle space. Once this was achieved in all particle spaces, one would complete the Unification of Spirit and Body.

Every particle would undergo a qualitative change. Under the control of the unique consciousness, the entire body would undergo a qualitative change.

Divine powers becoming stronger? Gaining multiple divine powers?These were just external manifestations of one’s powerful body. After reaching the Undying realm, one would have immense strength and a nigh-indestructible body. It was difficult to even pierce through one’s skin. Even if one’s skin were to be pierced or if their body were sliced into 18 portions, they would be able to become whole instantly. Even if one’s head was pierced dozens of times, they would be instantly healed. At this stage, one could be said to be undying! Killing an Undying realm expert was too difficult. In the later realms, the physical body cultivation system’s suppression of the Godfiend cultivation system became more and more obvious.

However, this cultivation system was just too difficult... A fourth-level Essence Soul and reaching the Realm of Dao were just the foundation of reaching the Undying realm. Only by expending a vast amount of energy could one attain such a terrifying body.

During the cultivation process, Essence Soul Thoughts exerted immense pressure on particle spaces. One had to cultivate the particle spaces before it could hold an Essence Soul Thought stably. However, the body was composed of billions of particles, so the cultivation process naturally took a long time. According to Meng Chuan’s original plan, he would reach the Undying realm in a year by consuming ten Scarlet Blood Divine Pills a day.

However, Meng Chuan was pleasantly surprised to discover that the Origins power from the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead was very magical. It was directly absorbed by his body and particles. His cultivation efficiency was several times that of using Darkstar Quintessential Essence.

Although he couldn’t cultivate his body for too long a day, his overall speed was still much faster.

Days passed. Jiang State Capital regained its tranquility. The Godfiend family clans were much more obedient. Meng Chuan often went out to act as a reinforcement. He had also done a defense switch twice. However, his daily cultivation did not stop!

9th March.

Just after half a year, Meng Chuan had finally succeeded. He had reached the Undying realm.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259 - Three Great Divine Powers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

3rd March, early in the morning.

In one of Meng Manor’s chambers, Meng Chuan had been cultivating for six hours continuously. Although his body was tired and his cultivation efficiency had decreased, he decided to push on since success was within arm’s reach.

Boom!

After an Essence Soul Thought entered the final particle space’s core sphere, his body transformed completely.

Is this the Undying realm? Meng Chuan sensed the changes in his body. Mysterious runic patterns naturally appeared on his arms and legs. These runic patterns weren’t Lightning Runes. These runic patterns were naturally produced when his body had reached a certain level. On demons, runic patterns were called Demon Runes. On Godfiends, runic patterns were called God runic patterns. They were just different names for runic patterns. These runic patterns had naturally formed; they were a manifestation of the mysterious power that Meng Chuan now possessed. Boom!

Meng Chuan sat there cross-legged. With a thought, he issued billions of commands, gathering all the particle spaces into one. The surrounding void collapsed and distorted, turning dark and chaotic.

Around Meng Chuan, space became unpredictable. A distance of 100 feet could become 10 feet, and a distance of 10 feet could turn into 100 feet.

The power contained in my undying body can cause the void to distort if I don’t restrain it? Meng Chuan was shocked. My saber can only distort the void due to the profundity contained within the Heart Intent Saber Art. However, I can now cause changes in the laws of the world with pure physical strength. Perhaps this is using raw strength to alter the laws!

With a thought, Meng Chuan completely restrained his strength. The surrounding void returned to normal.

I can now tear apart divine armaments with my bare hands. Even Meng Chuan was shocked by his current strength. Even a mountain-sized rock demon monarch would be sent flying by a single punch from me.

Despite his tiny size, his strength was much more terrifying than a rock demon monarch.

It’s a pity that from now on, the Power of Essence Soul will no longer allow me to unleash greater physical strength. In the past, he could use the Power of Essence Soul to increase his strength by two or three times. But now, the Power of Essence Soul was no longer able to increase his strength. This is because I have an Essence Soul Thought entrenched in every particle space. With this, every particle can be perfectly controlled. My control over my strength can’t be any more perfect. Meng Chuan sighed. It could be said that he now had absolute control over his physical strength.

Even Regis Godfiends didn’t dare say that they could perfectly control their physical strength. This was because the Godfiend cultivation system wasn’t focused on physical strength. Instead, the Godfiend cultivation systems granted one extreme control over Quintessential Essence. After becoming a Regis Godfiend, one could perfectly control their Seamless Quintessential Essence. With such control, their strength would also be terrifying. However, the Power of Essence Soul would no longer be able to further increase one’s control over their Quintessential Essence.

My physical strength should be equivalent to a peak Marquis Godfiend with a Great Strength Fiend Body. My lifeforce matches a peak Marquis Godfiend with an Indestructible Divine Body. My body’s toughness exceeds that of even Samsara Divine Body Marquis Godfiends! However, the physical body cultivation system’s Undying realm doesn’t grant me anything like the Darkstar domain or the Seamless domain. Therefore, an Undying realm expert’s physical strength alone is equivalent to a peak Marquis Godfiend-close to the strength of a Regis Godfiend.

However, I have a Darkstar Domain, and I’m the fastest in the world. Combined with terrifying Undying realm strength and nigh-indestructible body, I should have the strength of an ordinary Regis Godfiend.

Meng Chuan was just guessing his approximate strength. Archean Mountain’s predecessors had determined the strength of an Undying realm expert. However, it was difficult to determine the strength of an Undying realm expert who was also the fastest in the world. Meng Chuan judged his current strength to be at the Regis Godfiend level. He probably had to fight a fifth Firmament demon monarch to determine the limits of his newfound strength and divine powers.

Meng Chuan understood the divine powers he could use. When he was at the Divine Power realm, he only had one divine power—the Divine Eye of Lightning. After reaching the Undying realm, he had three divine powers. Many fifth Firmament demon monarchs only had three or four divine powers.

Boom!

With a thought, the mysterious runes on his arms and legs surfaced once again. The terrifying power contained in his body gathered at the runes naturally. A very thin layer of light appeared around his body. This layer of light contained billions of particles of spatial energy that combined intricately after passing through the runes. Its power was naturally unimaginable. At that moment, Meng Chuan’s body seemed to be filled with light. His body contained an even more terrifying might. The surrounding void immediately distorted and collapsed. The void distortion was even greater than before.

He stood there as the void trembled. This is the Indestructible Divine Armor? Meng Chuan looked at the thin layer of light over his skin. I finally have a traditional divine power of the physical body cultivation system.

There were some common divine powers in the physical body cultivation system. Divine powers like the Indestructible Divine Armor were the most common. Upon reaching the Undying realm, nearly 90 percent of the cultivators would gain this divine power. This was an extremely powerful divine power that was used in battle. Divine power runes appeared on the arms and legs, which was why the Indestructible Divine Armor was strongest at the arms and legs. Their limbs could be used as divine armaments for direct combat.

The strength of the Indestructible Divine Armor was weaker around other parts of his body, but it still provided an astonishing defense. Cultivators of the physical body cultivation system mainly fought bare-handed because they weren’t skilled at weapon refinement. Their limbs were also stronger than divine armaments, so they naturally preferred unarmed combat.

Unarmed combat? Meng Chuan looked down at his palms. There was an additional layer of light over his skin. The light layer could change according to his will. It became as sharp as a blade at the edges of his palm. At the tip of his finger, it became as sharp as a sword tip.

Meng Chuan shook his head. My Demon Slayer has devoured demons for more than ten years. Its power has increased greatly. Furthermore, I’m used to saber arts. Godfiends were relatively skilled at crafting weapons. He could still find weapons that were stronger than his body. Demon Slayer’s current might was even stronger than his body. There was no need to fight empty-handed.

Converge. With a thought, the layer of light around his body converged as he dispelled the Indestructible Divine Armor. This divine power required him to unleash the full power of his body’s particle spaces. If he maintained this divine power constantly, it would be too terrifying. Even Great Solar Godfiends’ hearts would tremble if they saw Meng Chuan. Mortals would immediately faint.

The second divine power allows me to unleash the accumulated lightning in my body instantly? Meng Chuan gently extended his palm.

With his very strong body, massive amounts of lightning filled every particle space in his body. When countless bolts of lightning gathered at a single point, the might of the attack would be inconceivable.

I can only unleash 30% of the lightning in my body at once with my Undying Body. In other words, I can only unleash three strong lightning attacks consecutively.There was too much lightning in the billions of particle spaces. After attaining the Unification of Spirit and Body-which required an Essence Soul Thought to be entrenched in each of the billions of particle spaces-he could unleash 30% of the lightning in his body at once! This was the limit of Meng Chuan’s control over the lightning in his body. Any more lightning forced into a single point would result in his body exploding! It was impossible to condense boundless lightning into a single point perfectly. Lightning scattered naturally, so to condense lightning into a single point? The difference in power was like night and day.

To gather 30 percent of the lightning in his body into a single point and unleash it.

Meng Chuan vaguely understood that he had an extremely powerful technique.

I can’t test it in Jiang State Capital. When I’m out, I’ll try this divine power in an empty area. This divine power releases lightning, so I’ll call it Heaven’s Wrath.

The Indestructible Divine Armor was a common divine power in the physical body cultivation system, and it was also the main combat divine power. Heaven’s Wrath was a divine power produced by Meng Chuan’s physique. The Divine Eye of Lightning was Meng Chuan’s first divine power-an electromagnetic domain.

The range of my electromagnetic domain is even greater now. I wonder how much weaker it is compared to King White Treasure’s reconnaissance technique. Meng Chuan felt an itch in his heart. He was looking forward to this divine power the most. During the war, this divine power was the greatest weapon against demons! For example, King White Treasure alone was comparable to all the other Godfiends in Black Sand Grotto-Heaven.

Open. A divine eye opened at Meng Chuan’s glabella.

The electromagnetic waves—that were much stronger than before-surged in all directions. Meng Chuan carefully sensed the depth his electromagnetic domain could go underground

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260 - King White Treasure and Meng Chuan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Early in the morning, Meng You and Meng An practiced their sword and spear techniques next to a peach tree in Lake Heart Pavilion.

Liu Qiyue watched her children cultivate with a smile. Suddenly, an invisible electromagnetic wave spread out. The electromagnetic wave was very concealed, but as a Marquis Godfiend, Liu Qiyue could naturally sense the electromagnetic wave with her Darkstar domain. The electromagnetic wave spread out in all directions, out of Meng Manor, and into a wider area.

Ah Chuan is using his electromagnetic domain? Liu Qiyue was secretly puzzled. Why did he use his electromagnetic domain when he’s in seclusion?

Very quickly, the electromagnetic waves receded.

In moments

Huh? Liu Qiyue’s Darkstar domain naturally covered the entire Lake Heart Pavilion and the chamber. Previously, the aura in the chamber was isolated, but now, she could sense a power that made her heart tremble.

This power was extremely unique. It was as though all objects had been destroyed, all living beings had perished, and the world had entered a state of stillness. An absolute coldness accompanied the sense of complete annihilation. There was no light, heat, or life. Only absolute coldness...

What is Ah Chuan doing? He can perfectly isolate his powers when he cultivates. I can’t even look into the chamber. Why is there a trace of aura leaking out? Ah Chuan didn’t isolate his aura well? Liu Qiyue was secretly puzzled.

It’s cold, so cold. My body is cold; even my Essence Soul is cold. Meng Chuan sat cross-legged and turned into an ice sculpture. Beside him was a small black calabash that had been opened.

After reaching the Undying realm, Meng Chuan attempted to absorb the Origins Returning baneful aura given to him by his master. According to his master, Origins Returning baneful aura was stronger than Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura and Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura! It was obtained by an Archean Mountain senior from another world. Meng Chuan believed that his body was powerful, and he had been filled with confidence. However, he had suffered greatly just by absorbing a sliver of Origins Returning baneful aura. For an instant, he couldn’t even restrain his aura inside the chamber. A sliver of his aura leaked out, allowing Liu Qiyue to sense it.

Of course, the moment his Essence Soul was affected, Meng Chuan immediately reacted and restrained his aura. This was because many Essence Soul Thoughts lingered in the billions of particles, allowing him to stay lucid.

It’s really cold. It was unlike other baneful auras that contained evil and resentment. Origins Returning baneful aura was just cold! Absolute coldness happened when everything turned still.

Although Meng Chuan’s body had transformed into an ice sculpture, his lifeforce remained extremely potent. The baneful aura damaged his body as he refined it while healing his injuries. In fact, if he resisted, his skin would prevent any baneful aura from invading his body. However, to absorb and refine it, he had to give passage and allow the baneful to invade his body.

As he healed his wounds, he slowly refined the sliver of baneful aura.

After ten minutes, he completely refined the sliver of Origins Returning baneful aura.

It’s done. The ice on Meng Chuan’s body instantly shattered. Joy appeared in his eyes. This Origins Returning baneful aura is very potent. Even with an Undying Body, it’s still so difficult to refine it. Once it’s completely refined... my baneful aura domain will surpass all other Lightning Devastator Fiend Body Regis Godfiends in history. It will become a peak killing move of mine.

Following that, Meng Chuan stood up happily and left the chamber. Meng Chuan arrived at an empty area at the edge of Lake Heart Pavillion by following the sounds and saw his wife and children.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue walked over and whispered, “There was a sliver of aura that leaked out just now. That aura seemed very terrifying.”

“I’m refining a baneful aura. I directed the baneful aura into my body. What leaked out was just a sliver,” explained Meng Chuan. “Back then, I was shocked by the sliver of baneful aura and forgot to restrain my aura.”

“What kind of baneful aura is this?” Liu Qiyue was curious.

“Master calls it Origins Returning baneful aura,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ve never heard of it before. Master also said that it’s unique to Archean Mountain.”

Liu Qiyue nodded.

“Oh right, my electromagnetic domain has expanded greatly.” Meng Chuan couldn’t help but smile.

“Expanded greatly?” Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up. “What about underground reconnaissance?”

Meng Chuan smiled and nodded. “Of course, my range has increased greatly too.” “How extensive is it?” Liu Qiyue was excited. “On land, the electromagnetic domain spans a distance of 15 kilometers,” said Meng Chuan softly. “Underground, I can probe up to 1.5 kilometers deep.” “1.5 kilometers?” Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but immediately say, “King White Treasure’s range is said to only be 2.5 kilometers.”

“Yes, and my movement speed is unparalleled. It naturally surpasses him,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Although the range of my electromagnetic domain is inferior to his reconnaissance technique, I should be on par with him when my speed is taken into account.

Liu Qiyue nodded immediately and was extremely excited. “This way, you can seek out the demons lurking underground in our Great Zhou Dynasty.”

The underground was vast and deep. If a search was done in a carpet-style manner, it would be like searching for a needle in a haystack. The efficiency would be very low. Marquis and Regis Godfiends would choose the most efficient method for killing demons. Previously, Meng Chuan’s designated rescue area of six states was the best way his strength could be used. Of course, the demons in the six states were mainly killed by Godfiend teams. He was just responsible for protecting these Godfiend teams. If he were to conduct underground reconnaissance, his contributions would be on par with King White Treasure’s. The number of demons he could kill would rise to an unimaginable number.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that one person could match an entire sect’s contribution to the war efforts. King White Treasure was an example!

“I just broke through, so I’ll be resting. I’ll head to Archean Mountain in the afternoon and inform Master,” said Meng Chuan.

“Master will definitely be very happy,” Liu Qiyue said excitedly. “Among the three great dynasties in the world, the situation in Black Sand Dynasty is the best. It’s because of King White Treasure!”

Meng Chuan was rather excited as well. He had long sworn an oath to wipe out all the demons in the world. However, he knew how difficult this path was. Now that his electromagnetic domain’s range had increased drastically, he knew how useful he could be. Under the present global situation, he was previously equivalent to ten Marquis Godfiends. However, he was now comparable to King White Treasure. He was comparable to a sect when it came to slaughtering demons.

This made him extremely useful.

Since I have such strength, I need to use it.

After reaching the Undying realm and refining a sliver of Origins Returning baneful aura, Meng Chuan was rather exhausted. After giving his children pointers on their cultivation, he ate lunch. He then left for Archean Mountain in a good mood several hours later.In a pavilion on Archean Mountain.

Qin Wu’s expression turned cold as he frowned. “Has King White Treasure left?” “Let’s go.” Archean Mountain Lord sighed and said, “The promise was to chase down demons in our Great Zhou Dynasty for a month every year. Once the month is up, he would leave.”

“In a year, he spends eight months in Black Sand Dynasty, three months in the Great Yue Dynasty, and only a month in our Great Zhou Dynasty.” Qin Wu frowned. “Every month, the treasures we give are in no way inferior to Two World Island. What right do they have to lend us King White Treasure for just a month?”

“Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s explanation is that the situation in the Great Yue Dynasty is worse. There are even more demons lurking underground over there. If he goes there, he can kill more demons,” explained Archean Mountain Lord. “I’ve also privately spoken to King White Treasure and gifted him a treasure. However, he said that... we are to negotiate with Black Sand Grotto-Heaven. He completely ignores our Archean Mountain.”

Qin Wu pondered with a frown.

Black Sand Dynasty enjoyed the best situation across the three dynasties. In the first ten years, King White Treasure had been staying in Black Sand Dynasty to seek out the demons. From the 11th year, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven agreed to send King White Treasure to the Great Yue Dynasty for three months a year and to the Great Zhou Dynasty for a month.

Suddenly, Qin Wu sensed Meng Chuan enter Archean Mountain.

Meng Chuan is here? Qin Wu pricked up his brows. He immediately sent a voice transmission to the old steward to receive him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261 - Heaven’s Favor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Swoosh.

Meng Chuan landed in front of Grotto-Heaven Pavilion’s entrance. He saw the old steward welcoming him with a smile. “Lord Meng Chuan, please.”

With my flying speed, Master is still able to get the steward to welcome me ahead of time. He probably discovered me hundreds of kilometers away. Meng Chuan secretly marveled at his master’s means. He followed the old steward in. After passing the winding corridor, he arrived at a familiar garden that had a pavilion. In the pavilion, Qin Wu and Archean Mountain Lord were sitting there drinking tea and chatting. The old steward naturally took his leave. Meng Chuan walked over and bowed respectfully. “Greetings, Master, Mountain Lord.”

“Junior Brother Meng, it’s rare for you to return to Archean Mountain,” said Archean Mountain Lord with a smile.

Meng Chuan muttered to himself. In the past ten years, I’ve returned several times. However, most of the time, I would leave after meeting Master once.

“Of course, he has important matters to attend to when he returns.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan and nodded in satisfaction. “Your physical mystic technique has already reached a new realm. If my senses are correct, you have also successfully refined that wisp of Origins Returning baneful aura.” “I can’t hide anything from you, Master,” said Meng Chuan immediately. In front of his master, he had perfectly converged aura. However, he couldn’t hide his Essence Soul, body, and baneful aura from his Master’s eyes. Archean Mountain Lord asked in puzzlement, “Origins Returning baneful aura? What kind of baneful aura is this?”

“It’s a baneful aura stored in Treasury A3. Our world doesn’t produce such baneful aura. It was obtained by an ancestor of Archean Mountain in another world. It’s extremely precious, and only our Archean Mountain possesses it,” Qin Wu simply explained. “Treasury A3?” Archean Mountain Lord nodded slightly.

Although he was the mountain lord, Archean Mountain was the most ancient sect. There were too many secrets that only Supremacies were qualified to know. For example, Archean Mountain Lord didn’t have the right to the contents of the sect’s A-class treasuries. Only Creation Supremacies were qualified to know about the contents and open them.

Qin Wu waved his hand.

Six large bronze calabashes immediately appeared in the garden beside him. Qin Wu said, “In here are two cubes of baneful aura. I believe it’s enough for your cultivation. Archean Mountain only has five cubes of this baneful aura. You took nearly half of it... In the future, only one junior will be able to master it.”

Meng Chuan smiled. “I believe that juniors will have their own opportunities. Perhaps, they will encounter better baneful auras.” With that said, Meng Chuan waved his hand and stored the six bronze calabashes into his Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead.

Huh? Archean Mountain Lord’s pupils constricted when he saw Meng Chuan wave his hand to collect the treasures.

One needed to place items inside storage bags.

To collect treasures with a wave of his hand? A grotto-heaven treasure?

“These two cubes of Origins Returning baneful aura will cost 200 million credits,” said Qin Wu. “You do not have enough credits. I’ll deduct your 132 million credits first. You still owe 68 million credits.”

He can buy things on credit? Archean Mountain Lord could only mutter inwardly when he saw this. One usually needed enough credits to exchange for treasures. Nobody took the treasures first and made up for the credit debt later. Also, a grotto-heaven treasure was extremely valuable. It was nearly impossible to obtain them with credits. Could it be that Meng Chuan obtained one by luck? Archean Mountain Lord didn’t ask further.

Meng Chuan obediently agreed. “I owe 68 million credits.” With his electromagnetic domain’s expanded range, Meng Chuan wasn’t worried about his debt.

“Since you’ve taken the baneful aura, is there anything else? If there’s nothing else, you may return.” Qin Wu continued drinking his tea.

“I have something to report,” said Meng Chuan.

“Speak.” Qin Wu put down his teacup, picked up the teapot beside him, and poured the tea leisurely.

“I have an electromagnetic domain that can penetrate underground,” said Meng Chuan respectfully. “I have a range of 1.5 kilometers underground.”

Qin Wu looked up at Meng Chuan. His pupils dilated as he stared blankly at Meng Chuan.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Tea poured from the spout of the teapot. The teacup quickly filled up, and tea spilled all over, flowing across the table. His underground reconnaissance range is 1.5 kilometers? King White Treasure can only probe 2.5 kilometers underground. The area is smaller, but Meng Chuan is several times faster than King White Treasure. Overall, Meng Chuan’s underground reconnaissance efficiency is probably no less than King White Treasure’s. Qin Wu had a wealth of experience when it came to various situations. At that moment, he quickly processed Meng Chuan’s information and began thinking excitedly.

“Master, Master?” A voice rang out, interrupting Qin Wu’s thoughts.

Huh? Qin Wu immediately stopped thinking.

“The tea is overflowing,” reminded Meng Chuan.

Qin Wu lowered his head and immediately raised the teapot’s spout. He placed the teapot to the side and smiled as he looked at the tea that spilled out. “Well spilled! Well spilled! Hahaha, hahaha... I have cultivated to the Creation realm and have everything under control. However, I’m very happy to spill the tea this time.”

“Meng Chuan, you mentioned an electromagnetic domain? Is it a divine power that you obtained from cultivating the physical mystic technique?” asked Qin Wu. “I remember that your underground reconnaissance range was only a quarter-kilometer when you used this divine power against Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock.”

Archean Mountain had a detailed dossier, and Blackrock had explained everything. Therefore, Qin Wu guessed the reason when Meng Chuan said that his electromagnetic domain had an underground range of 1.5 kilometers around him.

“That’s right. After breaking through, the strength of my divine power increased drastically.” Meng Chuan nodded.

Qin Wu immediately nodded in delight. “Good, good, good!” He said “good” thrice, which showed how excited he was.

“Junior Brother Meng, are you saying that...” Archean Mountain Lord couldn’t help but say, “You have an underground reconnaissance range of 1.5 kilometers?” “Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.“Have you already tested it?” asked Archean Mountain Lord immediately. “Only King White Treasure’s reconnaissance technique has such an extensive range underground. You are only a Marquis Godfiend, but your range is only slightly smaller than his? Are you sure?”

Meng Chuan said, “I’ve experimented on the way to Archean Mountain several times. There’s no mistake.”

“This... This...” Archean Mountain Lord couldn’t believe it.

“The heavens have shown pity on us humans,” said Qin Wu with a sigh. “To give birth to King White Treasure, and now there’s Meng Chuan!”

“Junior Brother Meng is several times faster than King White Treasure. Even if his range is smaller, his reconnaissance efficiency might not be inferior to King White Treasure’s.” Archean Mountain Lord was extremely excited. “The heavens are pitying us. They pity us humans.”

King White Treasure and Meng Chuan would influence the war between humans and demons hugely. They hunted down the demons and, alone, they could match a sect! There were only three sects in the world. It was obvious how important the two were. “From today onwards, I’ll arrange for other Regis Godfiends to reinforce the six states. You will be like King White Treasure. All you need to do is carry out underground reconnaissance for a few hours a day,” said Qin Wu as he looked at Meng Chuan. “Also, I’ll give you Origins Returning baneful aura and the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead for free.”

“No.” Meng Chuan said immediately, “Those two treasures are worth 700 million credits. When I do underground reconnaissance, I will naturally obtain spoils of war. Just slowly deduct the owed credit from whatever the spoils of war will be worth. The sect has its rules.”

“Junior Brother Meng, just take it.” Archean Mountain Lord’s beard was trembling as he said excitedly, “It’s just 700 million credits! Credits are bestowed on a person whenever they take up a position in the sect. Your current position... is Archean Mountain’s top Patroller. Nobody can replace you. Nobody will say a word about us bestowing 700 million credits to you. If we were to invite King White treasure to our Great Zhou Dynasty to carry out underground reconnaissance, 700 million credits will probably not even give us him for a year!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262 - Stone Talisman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Take it.” Qin Wu said with a smile, “Although Origins Returning baneful aura is precious, it has been in the treasury for a long period of time. It’s a good thing that you can refine it, making it useful. As for the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead, a pocket grotto-heaven, that has a 250 kilometer-wide space, is nothing to Archean Mountain. Instead, it will be very convenient for you. When you carry out underground reconnaissance and kill demons, you can throw all the demon corpses and treasures in it.”

Meng Chuan understood that Archean Mountain definitely had a large-scale grotto-heaven treasure. For example, every disciple had to go to Nine Mystical Caves, which spanned more than 250 kilometers.

“I believe I’ll be able to obtain a lot of credits by carrying out underground reconnaissance.” Meng Chuan didn’t like to take advantage of others. In the future, when he pursued the demons, he alone could match a sect’s results. How many demons would he kill annually? Those demon monarchs could be exchanged for a massive amount of credits. In addition, the treasures left behind by the demon monarchs could also be exchanged for credits. 700 million credits? It really wasn’t much.

“Every time a person takes up a new position, we will give credits,” said Qin Wu. “In the past ten plus years, you were the nation’s top Patroller. You guarded six states and were equivalent to a Regis Godfiend guarding a city pass. You earned five million credits every year. Now, you are the number one Patroller of Archean Mountain. You will earn 20 million credits every year. After giving you Origins Returning baneful aura and the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead, you will not receive any credit for the next 35 years. In that case, there will be nothing personal.” Qin Wu looked at Meng Chuan.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Having it be one of us is the best.” Archean Mountain Lord sighed. “King White Treasure only came for a month. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven ruthlessly fleeced us.”

Meng Chuan couldn’t help but ask, “How much did they ask for?”

With a smile, Qin Wu said, “Although all of us are working together to deal with the demons, we are ultimately three different sects. We still have differences. Black Sand Grotto-Heaven also knows that our Archean Mountain has accumulated many resources over generations. It’s normal for them to take the opportunity to get more benefits. If Two World Island invites you over in the future, we will also take the opportunity to ask for some benefits from Two World Island. Leave these matters to me. I’m afraid you don’t know what benefits you can get.”

“Yes, Master, you can decide.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“Regardless, you have to first carry out underground reconnaissance of our Great Zhou Dynasty before thinking of helping Two World Island,” said Qin Wu. “King White Treasure took ten years to sweep through Black Sand Dynasty’s underground.” “I’ll begin the reconnaissance today,” said Meng Chuan.

“No rush.” Qin Wu said, “I’ll send a Regis Godfiend to take over responsibility for your six assigned states. You can begin sweeping through our Great Zhou Dynasty tomorrow.’ With that said, Qin Wu waved his hand solemnly. A gray stone talisman appeared in his palm. The gray stone looked ordinary, but from the runic patterns on its surface, Meng Chuan felt as though spacetime was in chaos.

“Take this treasure with you.” Qin Wu stared at Meng Chuan solemnly. “Remember, crush it when you encounter the danger of death. Don’t crush it at any other time.”

“Oh?” Meng Chuan looked at the gray stone talisman.

“Crush it only when there’s really no other way. If you can escape and live, don’t waste it,” said Qin Wu. “This stone talisman is the only one left in Archean Mountain. I’ll leave it with you now.” “What is its use?” asked Meng Chuan.

“It can save your life,” said Qin Wu. “Regardless of how dangerous it is, as long as you are in the human world, it will keep you alive. Your life now is not just yours. It’s also related to the entire human race.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. Meng Chuan understood that he had a heavy responsibility on his shoulders.

“This treasure is the only one left, so don’t use it if you can,” said Qin Wu. “Once it’s used up, there won’t be a second one. The other life-preservation items are ultimately lacking.” “I understand,” replied Meng Chuan. “You may leave,” said Qin Wu with a smile.

Following that, Meng Chuan left.

Archean Mountain Lord watched Meng Chuan leave and sighed. “It’s really a blessing for our Archean Mountain. It’s a blessing for us humans. Our chances of winning this war have increased again!”

“Supremacy, I’ll head back first. The information from all over the world will probably be sent to me,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

Qin Wu nodded.

Moments later, it was still the same pavilion. In front of Qin Wu, an illusory Supremacy Luo Tang appeared.

“Are you telling me that Meng Chuan has an underground reconnaissance range of up to 1.5 kilometers?” said Luo Tang in pleasant surprise. “With his speed, wouldn’t his underground reconnaissance efficiency be no lesser than King White Treasure’s?”

“Yes!” Qin Wu nodded with a smile.

Luo Tang was extremely excited. “That’s great. I never expected that his underground reconnaissance range would expand to 1.5 kilometers after reaching the Undying realm. His electromagnetic domain divine power is actually so effective at underground reconnaissance. Is there a way... to let other Godfiends learn this divine power?”

“To send them into Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven as well?” Qin Wu shook his head. “It’s not easy to open Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven. Furthermore, what opportunities one obtains in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven depends solely on luck. Not all of them can obtain the heritage of the physical body cultivation system. Even if they obtain the heritage, they might not necessarily gain the electromagnetic domain divine power. Meng Chuan’s Lightning Devastator Fiend Body happened to help him awaken this divine power.”

“Yes.” Luo Tang nodded. “I’m a little too excited. You’re right. The heritage one can gain in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven depends solely on luck. We can’t decide on it. I never expected a heritage that peaks at the Blood Droplet realm to have such a miraculous effect. What an unexpected gain. Qin Wu, it’s all thanks to your insistence on letting Meng Chuan enter Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven that we have the present Meng Chuan.”

“I’m optimistic about his Essence Soul cultivation talent. It’s a pleasant surprise that he has the electromagnetic domain divine power.” Qin Wu was delighted as well. “If he were to reach the Blood Droplet realm in the future, the strength of his divine power will greatly increase. The range of his electromagnetic domain will be much greater. In addition, he will be several times faster than he is now. His underground reconnaissance efficiency will proceed what it is now by perhaps ten-fold.”

“Exceed by ten-fold?” Luo Tang’s heart stirred as she shook her head helplessly. “To reach the Blood Droplet realm, one needs to have a fifth-level Essence Soul. Furthermore, one’s technique realm has to reach the Dharma Domain realm. Meng Chuan probably hasn’t obtained a fourth-level Essence Soul for long, right? His technique realm is also very inferior.”

“He obtained a fourth-level Essence Soul last year,” said Qin Wu.

“He will probably take a few more years to obtain a fifth-level Essence Soul. Reaching the Dharma Domain realm will probably be even more difficult for him.” Luo Tang sighed.

“I’m confident in his Essence Soul cultivation talent. As for reaching the Dharma Domain realm, he’s too slow,” said Qin Wu. “I’m hesitating now. Should I let him use one of the eight cardinal treasures of Archean Mountain, the Heart Questioning Bead?”

Luo Tang looked at her companion and couldn’t help but say, “The laws of Heaven and Earth suppress the Heart Questioning Bead. It will shatter with one use. Qin Wu, are you sure you want Meng Chuan to use it? If King Calm Sea uses it, King Calm Sea might be able to reach the Creation realm.”

“He might also fail,” said Qin Wu. “To the entire human race, Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain is more important.”

“The Heart Questioning Bead is one of the eight cardinal treasures. We need to awaken Senior Brother Li Guan to get all of Archean Mountain’s Creation Supremacies to retrieve the Heart Questioning Bead together,” said Luo Tang. “It’s not suitable to awaken Senior Brother Li Guan now. Furthermore, you know the Essence Soul becomes harder to cultivate in the later stages. Meng Chuan took 12 years to attain a fourth-level Essence Soul. I estimate that it’ll take him at least 20 to 30 years to attain a fifth-level Essence Soul. Perhaps, Meng Chuan will reach the Dharma Domain realm by then.

“The Heart Questioning Bead mainly helps one’s cultivation realm. It doesn’t help one’s Essence Soul,” said Luo Tang. “If Meng Chuan’s Essence Soul is at the fifth level in the future, but he still hasn’t reached the Dharma Domain realm, I believe Senior Brother Li Guan will agree to let Meng Chuan use the Heart Questioning Bead if the war escalates.”

“Yes.” Qin Wu nodded. “You are right. He might’ve reached the Dharma Domain realm by the time he attains a fifth-level Essence

Soul.”

“There is ultimately only one Heart Questioning Bead. It has to be used at the most crucial moment,” said Luo Tang.

“Our Archean Mountain has accumulated numerous treasures for generations. In our generation, we have used most of the treasures to deal with the war. We have truly shamed our ancestors,” said Qin Wu softly.

Luo Tang nodded slightly as well. “Right now, I only hope to win this war.”

“We will win,” said Qin Wu.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263 - Underground
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Through the clouds, Meng Chuan saw Meng Manor in Jiang State Capital. He immediately dove down and landed at Lake Heart Pavilion in Starmoon Lake.

Liu Qiyue stood beside a peach blossom tree and held a divine bow in her hand. She pulled the bowstring over and over, shooting out Quintessential Essence arrows. The Quintessential Essence arrows skimmed the surface of the lake. When one Quintessential Essence arrow reached a tree-a kilometer away-it drew an arc and pierced through the leaves. Finally, the Quintessential Essence arrow dissipated.

One arrow after another...

In the blink of an eye, more than ten arrows were shot out.

“Ah Chuan.” Liu Qiyue put away her divine bow and smiled as she welcomed her husband. “What did Master say?”

“Master is, of course, very happy.” Meng Chuan walked to a stone table and picked up a plate of dessert. He smiled and said, “Even Origins Returning baneful aura and the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead have been given to me. I wasn’t willing to take advantage of the sect, so they will take all the passive credit I earn due to my Patroller position for the next 35 years.”

Liu Qiyue wasn’t surprised. She smiled and said, “Doing the math, that’s 20 million credits per year? It’s four times more than what you got when you patrolled the six states. That’s considered normal. After all, Ah Chuan, you should be comparable to King White Treasure at hunting down demons. That’s equivalent to a sect’s total kill-count. Just a fourfold increase in annual passive credit isn’t considered high.”

“Everyone wants treasures from the sect, but where do the sect’s treasures come from?” Meng Chuan said. “They can’t just search for them. For example, Supremacy Luo Tang is guarding Luo Tang Pass. Master is responsible for guarding Archean Mountain. That should earn them plenty of credit, but they haven’t taken any treasures from Archean Mountain. Instead, they offer their services. There are many powerful Godfiends in history who gave most of their treasures to the sect before they died. Only a small amount is left to their descendants. Only then can the inner sect disciples receive plenty of grooming.” “Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “I believe Master and the rest are looking forward to seeing you kill more demons.

Meng Chuan nodded. These two treasures were very valuable to him, but they weren’t anything to the entire Archean Mountain. After all, King White Treasure’s services cost more than that for just per year.

Archean Mountain looked forward to him killing demons en masse!

“Tomorrow morning, I’ll begin killing demons,” said Meng Chuan. “I’ll go out in the morning to hunt them down. I’ll return at night to rest and cultivate. I’ll have to rely on you to take care of An’er and You’er.”

“Don’t worry. Leave it to me.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “By the way, I have something to tell you.” “Oh?” Meng Chuan looked at his wife.

“Last year, You’er and An’er killed Wang Cong in order to save their junior sister. They read the dossiers, remember?” Liu Qiyue said.

Meng Chuan nodded.

“From then on, the two of them would occasionally come to me to read the dossiers. There are indeed some mortal cases in my dossiers, but most of them are information regarding the demons wreaking havoc everywhere. I discovered that You’er and An’er have been working harder in their cultivation,” said Liu Qiyue worriedly. “They’re only 13 years old after all. Have they been exposed to this too early?”

“It’s not too early,” said Meng Chuan. “Junior Brother Yan Chitong joined Archean Mountain at the age of 13. I experienced demons massacring humans at the age of six. In this era, it’s a good thing for them to know more. What they will experience in the future is much crueler than just reading words in the intelligence reports.”

Liu Qiyue nodded. “You’re right.”

The next morning.

“Dad, Mom.” After morning practice, the siblings sat at the dining table.

The family of four sat down and ate breakfast. Meng Chuan smiled as he glanced at his children. You’er and An’er had already reached the Impervious realm, but they still hadn’t achieved Force. To comprehend Force at the age of 13 made one a peerless genius. For example, King Calm Sea’s fifth son, Xue Feng, and Yan Chitong had comprehended Force at the age of 13. Now, these two were Marquis Godfiends.

Meng Chuan couldn’t do it himself, so he didn’t have high expectations for his children.

Of course, You’er and An’er’s cultivation environment was much better than Meng Chuan’s. They had been taught by a Marquis Godfiend-Meng Chuan-since they were young. They were guided with the best material. Liu Qiyue, a Marquis Godfiend, also often taught the children. When Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue joined forces to teach their children, they held high hopes for their children. They hoped that their children could protect themselves during the war.

“I’m going out.” Meng Chuan stood up and nodded slightly at his wife. With a flash, he soared into the sky and vanished.

Liu Qiyue looked at the sky outside. This was the first day her husband began his underground reconnaissance of the Great Zhou Dynasty.

Meng You and Meng An were unaware of what Meng Chuan was doing. They only knew that their father often needed to deal with the demons. Perhaps he was busy slaying the demons this time.

Meng Chuan flew through the clouds at high speed. After reaching the Undying realm, his body became more compatible with lightning, allowing him to increase his speed. In a flash, he could travel 9 kilometers.

Soon, he arrived at the East sea. I’ll use the East Sea as my starting point and begin the reconnaissance. Meng Chuan swooped down and instantly drilled into the ground. With a flash, the tunnel he drilled open immediately closed.

To mortals, traveling underground was an extremely difficult task. It was much easier for Godfiends and demon monarchs. For Marquis Godfiends, it was nothing worth mentioning! The Darkstar domain prevented the soil from touching Meng Chuan. As he flew underground, the resistance from the soil and rocks only reduced his flying speed to 70% his normal speed.

Open. The vertical eye at Meng Chuan’s glabella opened. The electromagnetic domain erupted and expanded underground. Even with the invisible forces of the earth obstructing him, he was still able to probe an area of 1.5 kilometers around him.

Swoosh!

Meng Chuan flew downward at high speed, rocks and soil were split apart by his terrifying speed.

At the start, he found underground rivers. Later on, he even discovered underground magma.

Further down, it gradually turned into a rock layer. It was all rocks!

Meng Chuan continued to fly deeper underground forcibly. The rocky layer was extremely weak in front of him.

The deeper I go, the harder the rock becomes, and the more the resistance increases. He flew for about 100 kilometers deep in one breath.

Huh? The scene before him changed. Most of the area which was filled with solid rock now turned into countless ‘rocks’ and ‘metals’ that slowly flowed beneath him.

Boom!

Meng Chuan continued flying downwards, charging into the countless rocks and metals. As he charged downwards, he could sense countless flowing objects forming an invisible force. The forces of the earth were much stronger here, causing the range of his electromagnetic domain to shrink to about one kilometer.

Meng Chuan continued flying downward for dozens of kilometers, continuing to see flowing rock and metal.

So the underground is indeed like this. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. According to the books, the underground is made of soil and rocks. The further down one goes, the harder the rock becomes. About 100 kilometers underground, there is the liquid mantle. Countless rocks and metals constantly flow here... This is the same for the entire world. The further down one goes, the smaller the rocks and metals.

From 100 kilometers to 2,500 kilometers deep in the ground is the mantle. Deeper than this, the liquid mantle will become more life-like. The liquid rock and metal will seem to have life, like a sentient entity. Here, the resistance is even greater. With such great resistance, a Regis Godfiend will reach their limit after drilling 2,500 kilometers deep underground

Below 2,500 kilometers, the liquefied land’s forces will be even more terrifying. Only those at the Creation Realm can resist the terrifying resistance and go deeper. Even further down? There are no records in the books.

Meng Chuan looked at the surrounding liquid rocks and metal. As for the mantle, it’s constantly flowing. It’s impossible to build a cave abode here. The cave abode will be ripped apart. Therefore, the demon monarchs’ cave abodes are at most 100 kilometers underground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264 - First Day of Underground Reconnaissance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An ordinary demon monarch would find it much more difficult to advance underground than me. They can only go up to 50 kilometers deep. Any further and the rocks are too hard for them; they will be too slow. To an ordinary demon monarch, going 50 kilometers deep underground is equivalent to traveling thousands of kilometers on the surface. Therefore, third Firmament demon monarchs are typically within 50 kilometers of the surface.

Fourth Firmament demon monarchs will usually be about 50 to 100 kilometers from the surface because of King White Treasure’s constant reconnaissance. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. Earth Net also searches for demon monarch lairs. Although they can’t be compared to King White Treasure, they can roughly figure out the unspoken rules of where demon monarch lairs are located.

The underground was vast. It would be very difficult to find demon monarchs 100 kilometers deep underground without any powerful reconnaissance methods.

Meng Chuan flew up and reached a depth of 40 kilometers underground.

Let’s begin. At a depth of 40 kilometers underground, Meng Chuan kept his Divine Eye of Lightning open. He used his electromagnetic domain to probe his surroundings. Following that, he transformed into a stream of light and flew west. He began a blanket search.

There were many demon monarchs in the human world, but the land was vast. Since most of them hid 100 kilometers deep underground, finding their underground lairs was akin to searching for a needle in a haystack! Earth Net typically followed the traces of escaping demon monarchs. If one was lucky, they could discover a demon monarch lair.

areas

One had to be capable of scanning large areas and be extremely fast to be efficient when conducting a blanket search of the underground. Otherwise, it would be better to wait for the demon monarchs to attack the cities.

Whoosh.

With the sensory feedback of his electromagnetic domain, Meng Chuan could ensure that he flew in a straight line.

So many demon monarchs have infiltrated the human world, yetit’s still so difficult to find them underground. Meng Chuan flew as his electromagnetic domain scanned a 1.5 kilometer-area around him. Even so, he didn’t discover any demon monarchs.

Swoosh!

Meng Chuan flew at high speeds, passing through countless rocks. At 40 kilometers deep in the ground, everything was rock.

After flying for 15 minutes and over 5,000 kilometers, Meng Chuan finally discovered a demon monarch lair.

Oh? When he discovered the demon monarch lair with his electromagnetic domain, Meng Chuan was pleasantly surprised. This was because he had flown more than 5,000 kilometers underground and was constantly scanning. With just rocks everywhere, it was a test of patience.

At that moment, Meng Chuan was pleasantly surprised. The electromagnetic domain enveloped the lair. This lair was nearly 1.5 kilometers above Meng Chuan. It was a cave palace dug out from rock. Inside the palace were more than 100 ordinary demons, five second Firmament demon monarchs, and two third Firmament demon monarchs.

“Come, have a drink.”

“Let’s drink.”

The seven demon monarchs were drunk.

“Demon Monarch Fox, you have done a good job stealing wine from the human race,” said Demon Monarch Elephant, who was sitting at the main seat of honor.

“Brother, this is just a little trick of mine. I can sneak into human cities to charm mortals and easily obtain large amounts of fine wine. It’s actually more troublesome to sneak into the cave abode while carrying the wine,” said Demon Monarch Fox with a smile. Beside him, a lesser demon was diligently pouring wine for him. These ordinary demons were personally brought to the cave abode by the demon monarchs. It was impossible for ordinary demons to come so deep underground by themselves.

These hundreds of ordinary demons would not leave once they entered the lair. They only had one purpose-to serve the demon monarchs.

“If we have a storage bag, it’ll be much more convenient.”

“How can storage bags be so easily obtained?”

“Let’s drink.”

These demon monarchs drank alcohol, reveling in their inebriation.

They could only hide underground in the human world. It was easy to steal alcohol, but if they wanted to slaughter humans, they would attract Godfiends. They would then be risking their lives.

“There’s only one Godfiend team in the surrounding two or three prefectures. We slaughter some mortals and immediately flee. Those Godfiend teams won’t be able to catch up to us.”

“Mm, speaking of which, it’s still faster to accumulate credit in the human world.”

“It’s just that the days are somewhat stifling. In a few more days, we will go out and slaughter once more. This time, we will definitely slaughter more than 10,000 humans.”

“Flee after we slaughter some. If we end up fleeing too late to slaughter more than 10,000 humans, it’ll be too late for regret.”

The demon monarchs chatted and drank.

“What’s that?” The demon monarchs were suddenly taken aback.

Resplendent dark-red streams of light appeared in the hall at lightning speed. They tore through the demon monarchs’ heads.

“Not good.”

“Human Godfiend!” Only the two third Firmament demon monarchs reacted, but they were unable to dodge. The Darkstar Quintessential Essence penetrated their heads.

In the blink of an eye, seven demon monarchs and more than 100 ordinary demons died in this demon lair.

Killing these demon monarchs means saving lives. Meng Chuan appeared in the hall with a cold expression. When he heard the demon monarchs’ conversation, he became even angrier. Every demon monarch had too many human lives on their hands.

Whoosh.

With a wave of his hand, Meng Chuan stored the seven demon monarch corpses and their items in his Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead.

In just 15 minutes, I killed seven demon monarchs. It’s indeed much faster than on the surface. When he was in charge of six states, he only received one rescue mission every half-month. Meng Chuan wouldn’t be deployed when ordinary demon monarchs attacked cities. He was but one person, after all. Meng Chuan would usually fly around Jiang State Capital and intercept the demon monarchs when he discovered them. Even so, killing 200 to 300 demon monarchs a year was already pretty good.

Continue.

Meng Chuan continued flying.

The Great Zhou Dynasty was vast. The route from east to west spanned 10,000 kilometers long. Further west was the Black Sand Dynasty.

After flying 10,000 kilometers, Meng Chuan only discovered one demon monarch lair.

Continue.

Meng Chuan continued flying the same 10,000 kilometers. From the west to the east, it was parallel to the route from before. This was also the rule of a blanket search. He basically didn’t miss out on anything by scanning the area over and over again.

Meng Chuan didn’t find a single demon monarch lair on his second 10,000-kilometer stretch.

He continued flying!

For more than 12 hours, Meng Chuan continued to scan the underground with his electromagnetic domain. He traveled the 10,000-kilometer stretch 20 times. At 40 kilometers from the surface, he traveled 10,000 kilometers 16 times! At a depth of 80 kilometers underground, he traveled 10,000 kilometers four times! He traveled at a depth of 80 kilometers underground in an attempt to find fourth Firmament demon monarchs.

Clang!

He broke through the soil and soared into the sky.

Meng Chuan flew towards Jiang State Capital from the East Sea. It was already a dark evening. He couldn’t hide the fatigue on his face. Although it was very easy for him to maintain the Divine Eye of Lightning, he still felt extremely exhausted after 12 hours. His Essence Soul was somewhat dispirited. He had to go back and rest.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan flew through the clouds. At that moment, he realized that it was actually very relaxing when he didn’t keep the Divine Eye of Lightning active.

Soon, he arrived at Jiang State Capital. Meng Chuan flew down and returned to Meng Manor’s Lake Heart Pavilion.

Liu Qiyue was already waiting in the hall. There were plates of food on the table. “He’s here.” Liu Qiyue’s eyes lit up. Invisible flames immediately seeped into the food, raising the temperature of the food. Meng Chuan arrived in the hall, and he took in the aroma of food; it was fragrant. “How fragrant,” praised Meng Chuan. He was quite satisfied that he could smell the fragrance of piping hot food after an exhausting day.

“You’er and An’er just finished eating and went to rest,” said Liu Qiyue. “How was your first day out?”

“Tiring, but enjoyable.” Meng Chuan sat down and finished the tea that his wife prepared in one gulp. He smiled and said, “Today, I discovered 11 demon monarch lairs. I killed 116 demon monarchs and thousands of ordinary demons. I finally understand how King White Treasure killed 20,000 to 30,000 demon monarchs a year by himself.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265 - Three Months Later
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“You killed more than 100 demon monarchs in a day?” Liu Qiyue was excited when she heard that. She presided over Jiang State Capital and felt that each day passed by quickly. In such a short time, her husband had killed more than 100 demon monarchs?

Liu Qiyue said, “Ah Chuan, I heard that 60 percent of the demon monarchs killed by Black Sand Grotto-Heaven during the first year of the demons’ large-scale invasion was done by King White Treasure alone. Over time, the demon monarchs have become more cunning. It’s harder to hunt the demon monarchs aboveground. King White Treasure killed almost all the fourth Firmament demon monarchs in Black Sand Dynasty.” “Yes, I heard as well.” Meng Chuan nodded.

“It’s said that King White Treasure alone is equivalent to a sect. But in reality, King White Treasure’s battle accomplishments are more than what an entire sect can achieve,” said Liu Qiyue excitedly. “Ah Chuan, you can do it too. If you can kill about 100 demon monarchs every day, you’ll kill over 30,000 in a year! I heard that our Archean Mountain only killed about 18,000 demon monarchs last year.

“Also, we killed most of those 18,000 demon monarchs while being on the defensive. Demon monarchs have to attack first before we can kill them. How many people have died in the Great Zhou Dynasty by the time we’ve killed more than 10,000 demon monarchs? How many county cities have been abandoned or destroyed?” Liu Qiyue’s excitement grew more and more as she spoke. “Ah Chuan, you don’t need to wait for demon monarchs to attack our cities. You can directly search for their underground lairs. The price paid for killing demon monarchs is lower.”

“You’re right.” Meng Chuan nodded with a smile. “It’s no wonder Archean Mountain and Two World Island have thought of ways to invite King White Treasure to search for underground demon lairs.”

“Invite King White Treasure?” Liu Qiyue was surprised. “Our Archean Mountain invited him too?”

“Both Two World Island and Archean Mountain invited him. I’m guessing that the underground lairs in Black Sand Dynasty have mostly been swept clean after ten years of large-scale underground reconnaissance. There are very few demon monarchs left hiding underground in Black Sand Dynasty’s territory. Therefore, Black Sand Dynasty’s current situation is the best among the three dynasties.”

“King White Treasure is indeed very useful. However, Ah Chuan, you aren’t inferior to him,” said Liu Qiyue in anticipation, “You might even be better than him when you become a Regis Godfiend.”

“Let’s take it one step at a time.” Though he said that, Meng Chuan was filled with fighting spirit.

The first day’s results excited Meng Chuan and his wife. The next morning, under Liu Qiyue’s watch, Meng Chuan left Jiang State Capital and began his underground reconnaissance.

Some Godfiends found underground reconnaissance boring.

Everything looked uniform as Meng Chuan used his electromagnetic domain to probe his surroundings constantly as he flew underground at high speeds. Sometimes, even after two hours of hard work, nothing could be found. Thus, it was naturally boring.

Of course, some Godfiends were filled with battle intent, and Meng Chuan was one of those Godfiends!

When he was young, he had sworn to kill all the demons in the world. He had cultivated diligently since he was young because he was afraid that he wouldn’t have the strength to kill demon monarchs. This was because becoming a Godfiend was the minimum before one could kill demon monarchs. Back then, it was extremely difficult and unlikely for Meng Chuan to become a Godfiend. His perception was inferior to Xue Feng and Yan Chitong, and he didn’t have any powerful Godfiends guiding him.

Back then, his father, Meng Dajiang, had only achieved Force. He was only a Core Cloud Body Tempering Godfiend. He could only provide limited guidance to Meng Chuan. However, Meng Chuan was very smart. He was good at thinking and summarizing information. After reading Godfiend biographies and books, he summarized his predecessors’ successful experiences. Along the way, his training method—which he had devised after collating and summarizing all the information he had—and his Essence Soul cultivation talent allowed him to get first place in Archean Mountain’s entrance examination. After entering Archean Mountain successfully, he finally became a powerful Godfiend.

However, how many demon monarchs could he kill even if he became a powerful Godfiend?

My luck has given me this electromagnetic domain divine power. I can’t waste this fortune of mine. I have to kill as many demon monarchs as possible. Each demon monarch killed is equivalent to saving thousands of people.

Filled with battle intent, Meng Chuan patrolled the Great Zhou Dynasty’s dynasty. To his surprise, he discovered an underground demon monarch lair. There were many such surprises every day! These days were naturally very enjoyable. Meng Chuan also enjoyed being able to kill to his heart’s content.

Days passed.

On Meng Chuan’s worst day, he killed 27 demon monarchs. On his best day, he killed 350 demon monarchs!

He had once been in a situation where he could find nothing even after six hours of careful underground reconnaissance. There had also been an instance where he discovered four underground demon monarch lairs within 15 minutes, which had been very surprising to him.

Every day, Meng Chuan constantly swept through the dark underground alone. He would have this lonely job for decades or even centuries. Meng Chuan knew that there was another person in the human world who had a similar underground reconnaissance efficiency as his-King White Treasure.

According to his master’s instructions, Meng Chuan’s blanket search of the underground had to be kept a secret. Meng Chuan only shared the secret with his wife, but he was still full of fighting spirit.

At a depth of 15 kilometers in the East Seathe seabed—was a palace.

Inside the palace, a silver-robed woman sat on a throne and flipped through a dossier. She was the leader of all demon monarchs in the Great Zhou Dynasty-Greater Demon Monarch Frost. Ever since Greater Demon Monarch Blackrock died, Demon Sage Nine Abyss had naturally chosen another greater demon monarch to lead the demons in the Great Zhou Dynasty. “Is this information wrong?” The white-robed demoness looked down as her eyes turned cold.

The ordinary demon monarchs below were extremely reverent.

“The greater demon monarchs of every state in the Great Zhou Dynasty’s 23 states report their losses every month. We verify the information at least three times. There’s no mistake about it,” said a rat demon monarch respectfully in a careful manner.

“Over 3,900 demon monarchs have been killed this month?” The white-robed demoness frowned. “Only 1,300 demon monarchs died the previous month. It’s three times that of the previous month! How did these demon monarchs die? Did they initiate attacks on humans, or were they killed in their underground lairs?”

The demon monarchs below looked at each other. “We communicate with the various states’ greater demon monarchs via distress signals. Numbers can be barely transmitted,” said the rat demon monarch softly. “As for more detailed information... We don’t know either. If Your Majesty wishes to know, you can ask through the Skydemon Sect. All greater demon monarchs have methods of contacting the Skydemon Sect.”

The Skydemon Sect consisted of human traitors. They were best at hiding in the world’s various cities. Since the demons were forced into hiding, it was difficult for them to communicate with each other. The Skydemon Sect had become their relay center.

“Your Majesty.” Another snake demon monarch said carefully, “Hasn’t there been news that the humans’ King White Treasure has entered the Great Zhou Dynasty and the Great Yue Dynasty from time to time? Could it be that King White Treasure is responsible for our huge losses this month?”

The white-robed demoness frowned slightly. “Yes, King White Treasure is the most likely suspect. Red Fox Demon, personally contact the Skydemon Sect. I wish to know more about the demon monarchs’ high death rate in the Great Zhou Dynasty.”

“Yes.” replied a red fox demon with extreme respect.

Only a few people could leave this palace alone. All of them had their Essence Souls controlled and followed orders loyally.

Despite the demons’ investigations, Meng Chuan’s underground reconnaissance ability stayed a secret. Only Supremacy Qin Wu, Supremacy Luo Tang, Archean Mountain Lord, Liu Qiyue, and Meng Chuan knew about it. It wasn’t easy to figure out much.

Time passed.

In the blink of an eye, three months had passed.

12th June. Though it was summer, the early morning remained rather cool.

Meng Chuan happily ate breakfast with his wife. Over the past three months, he had killed more than 8,300 demon monarchs. Every half a month, he would make a trip to Archean Mountain to deliver the demon monarch corpses and spoils of war. Every time Qin Wu saw a large number of demon monarch corpses, he was amazed and happy. He sighed inwardly. It was really worth it to let Meng Chuan enter Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven!

Oh? Meng Chuan noticed You’er and An’er appearing outside the hall.

Meng You and Meng An exchanged looks and made up their minds. They walked into the hall together.

Meng An took the initiative to speak. “Dad, Mom. We have something we need your help for.”

“Oh?” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue looked at each other and smiled at their children.

“Tell me, what’s the matter?” As Meng Chuan spoke, he picked up a carrot with his chopsticks and mixed it with porridge. He enjoyed his meal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266 - The Real World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng An continued, “Dad, Mom. When we read the dossier last night, we saw that the demon monarchs had completely destroyed Cloud State’s Cangyu County City. The county city was completely abandoned. Sis and I thought for an entire night and wanted to pay a visit to Cangyu County.”

“That’s it?” Meng Chuan continued eating calmly.

“According to the dossier, most of the county city’s population has been killed. Out of the original 10,000 people, only less than 2,000 survived. They now live in the wilderness and have completely abandoned Cangyu County City.” Meng You’s eyes were red as he said,” We want to take a look.”

“How did Cloud State’s intelligence get to you?” Meng Chuan looked at his wife, Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue explained, “The total abandonment of Cangyu County City naturally has to be reported to the other states, so it was specially sent over.” Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

Liu Qiyue sent another voice transmission. “Ah Chuan, You’er and An’er have always lived in Jiang State Capital. They haven’t seen demon monarchs slaughtering humans. Do you want them to see it?”.

“They’re already so old. It’s time to broaden their horizons,” said Meng Chuan via voice transmission. “You need to continue guarding Jiang State Capital. You can’t leave. Leave it to me.”

“Don’t you need to carry out underground reconnaissance?” asked Liu Qiyue via voice transmission.

Meng Chuan sent another voice transmission. “I’ll accompany You’er and An’er for two hours. It’s not a big deal. I’ll just come back one hour later tonight.”

The couple settled the matter via voice transmissions.

Meng Chuan looked at his children. “Are you sure you want to take a look?”.

“Yes.” Meng You and Meng An nodded with reddened eyes. From a young age, they had heard of how terrifying the demons were. Everywhere in the world had been attacked, and the three dynasties were suffering. However, they lived in Jiang State Capital and experienced a peaceful childhood. This made them very curious about the world outside Jiang State Capital. After reading several dossiers for the past few months, they had been compelled to take a look.

“Alright.” Meng Chuan stood up. “Let’s go and take a look at the real world.”

“The real world?” Meng You and Meng An were taken aback.

Whoosh.

The twins suddenly felt an invisible force envelop their bodies as they rapidly moved. They looked down and saw Jiang State Capital gradually shrink.

“There’s no need to go to Cangyu County.” Meng Chuan flew at high speeds with his children. He said, “Cangyu County City has been abandoned, and the corpses have long been cleaned up by Earth Net. It’s meaningless for you to see an abandoned county city. What you want to see are... the things described in the dossier, right?”

“Yes.” Meng You and Meng An nodded.

“Okay.”

Meng Chuan rapidly flew towards the middle of the Great Zhou Dynasty with his children. There were too many demon monarchs in the human world. After flying aimlessly for more than 1,500 kilometers, Meng Chuan saw beacon smoke rising from a county city. Two demon monarchs were attacking it. “Over there,” said Meng Chuan. The siblings were still in a daze. Their eyesight was far inferior to Meng Chuan’s.

Swoosh.

In the blink of an eye, Meng Chuan brought the twins to more than five kilometers away and arrived above the county city.

The twins were ultimately at the Impervious realm. Now, they could see it clearly!

They saw an ugly pig demon that was more than 30 feet tall. It was holding two huge axes. There was also a snake demon monarch. It was surrounded by green poisonous fog.

At that moment, corpses could be seen everywhere in the county city. Hundreds of halved corpses littered a region. Fresh blood flowed like a stream. In another region, hundreds of human bodies had been corroded by poison. Their corpses were deformed or bloated. Hundreds of corpses had pained expressions. It was a nightmare.

There were several similar scenes. Clearly, more than 1,000 people had been massacred in this county city. They had not managed to escape in time.

“What is that?” The two demon monarchs stared in horror at the three figures floating in midair.

“How did the Godfiends get here so fast?”

“We haven’t even attacked the city for 60 seconds.”

The two demon monarchs found it unbelievable.

Pa! Pa!

Lightning tore through the void and struck the two demon monarchs, killing them on the spot. This lightning had been naturally formed by Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain, but it was enough to kill two second Firmament demon monarchs.

“Th-This...” Meng You and Meng An looked at the scene in front of them. They were unable to dream of such a tragic scene even in their worst nightmares.

An attack carried out by demon monarchs was different from an attack carried out by ordinary demons. Demon monarch attacks were of larger scale and more tragic. For example, several hundred people had been sliced in half at their waist; it was obvious that it was the result of a single attack.

“Ugh.” Meng You and Meng An were about to vomit. This was an instinctual reaction to such gore. However, they could prevent themselves from vomiting with their Impervious realm cultivation.

“This county city only had more than 1,000 people slaughtered. It’s considered a small number.” Meng Chuan looked down and said indifferently, “This is because people in county cities are already used to such attacks. They can hide in deep underground tunnels at the fastest speed possible. Earth Net personnel will also light up beacons as soon as possible. However, it takes time for Godfiends to arrive. It just so happens that we were passing by. That’s why these two demon monarchs couldn’t continue their massacre for longer. Otherwise, these two demon monarchs would’ve probably destroyed some tunnels and killed more people before leaving.”

“This is considered a small number?” Meng You and Meng An’s legs turned limp.

“Back then, I presided over Jiang State Capital with other Godfiends when the demon monarchs invaded,” said Meng Chuan. “Back then, the attack was led by a fourth Firmament Skydemon, Blackwater Palace Lord. Many Godfiends died that day. More than 100,000 people were killed in Jiang State Capital, and that was considered a great victory! If we hadn’t fended off Blackwater Palace Lord, Jiang State Capital’s losses would’ve been more than ten times worse.

“Every place in the world suffers attacks. There have been quite a number of cases where cities with a population of hundreds of thousands were massacred completely.

“The scene you see right now is very common. Your mother and I have seen too much.”

Meng You and Meng An’s faces turned pale. Although they had heard many stories and had read many dossiers, seeing it with their own eyes was completely different.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

An Earth Net soldier quickly rushed out and bowed respectfully towards Meng Chuan.

“Let’s go.” Meng Chuan left the wilderness with his children.

At a glance, one couldn’t see anybody in the wilderness.

“Look, beneath that bush is an underground cave that has been dug out.” Meng Chuan pointed to a spot. The siblings noticed it from his description.

“Five people are living inside,” said Meng Chuan. “There are more than ten families in this area of weed. They have long been dug out. The weed growing on the surface is used as concealment.”

The siblings took a careful look and saw a patch of weed. Two dirty-looking children were looking up into the sky through the weed.

The two children’s eyes caused the siblings’ hearts to tremble.

“Children are not allowed to come out without the permission of their elders,” said Meng Chuan indifferently. “Only when an elder patrols the surroundings will the child come out to bask in the sunlight. Being able to walk on land is a great blessing for them.”

Swoosh!

Meng Chuan brought his children to a lake.

Through the lake reeds, they could see boats connected together when they approached.

“Each boat houses a family. The seven or eight families here will support each other,” said Meng Chuan. “Many people are living on boats in the world. Many families living along the East Sea’s coast will head into the sea.”

There were women washing clothes at the bow of the boat. There was also a child practicing his fighting moves. His moves were clumsy, but he was very serious with his training

“They don’t have a Dao Academy. They only have their elders to guide them,” said Meng Chuan calmly. “No matter how talented they are, what kind of cultivation can they achieve in such an environment?”

The siblings watched the child at the bow of the boat seriously cultivate. They felt that they would never forget this scene for the rest of their lives.

“Let’s go.”

Meng Chuan had seen too much. Therefore, he did not feel tired despite flying 12 hours a day underground. He pursued the demons relentlessly.Whoosh.

Meng You and Meng An did not say a word as they flew with him.

As they flew past a prefecture city, they could see that the prefecture city’s large population made the city bustle with activity. Finally, they saw Jiang State Capital. As one of the ten most populated cities in the Great Zhou Dynasty, Jiang State Capital—which had a population of more than ten million—was a bustling and prosperous city. However, the siblings looked at Jiang State Capital with mixed feelings.

In this cruel and nightmare-like world, a place like Jiang State Capital was like a dream.

“Humans are extremely resilient. A prefecture city’s population is only a small portion of the human race,” said Meng Chuan calmly. “More than half of the population in the world is scattered in the wilderness. What we Godfiends need to do is make the world as peaceful as Jiang State Capital so that everyone can live a peaceful life.”

“Can we do it?” Meng An asked.

Meng You looked at her father with a hesitant look.

Meng Chuan said calmly, “Just killing all the demons in the world would do.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267 - Demon Monarch Sand Thicket
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Manor, Lake Heart Pavilion.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan descended with his children. He looked at his children. They were clearly still in a daze.

This is the real world? The siblings felt that the buildings were very illusory. Cities with plumes of billowing smoke, ferocious demon monarchs, and a large number of human corpses. These scenesmore tragic than even their worst nightmares —constantly surfaced in their minds.

A large number of people struggled to survive in the wilderness. They thought of the children that lived underground and stared at the sky through the weeds and the child that had been seriously cultivating on the ship’s bow. Countless similar scenes could be seen in the wilderness. On the way back, Meng Chuan and his children passed through the vast wilderness. The siblings saw many such scenes.

For as long as they could remember, they only saw scenes of a bustling Jiang State Capital—that had a population of more than ten million people. They had also seen many extravagant scenes.

They saw the darkness and tragedy outside the city, and people dressed in dirty gray clothes. In contrast, the people in the bustling Jiang State Capital dressed gorgeously.

It was as if they were two completely different worlds! Their reason told them that 99% of the world lived in the wilderness. That was the real world. However, they had lived in Jiang State Capital for a long time. They were more familiar with life in Jiang State Capital.

“It’s actually like this outside the city?” The siblings were heavily impacted by all the scenes they had seen.

Liu Qiyue walked to Meng Chuan’s side and asked softly, “What happened to You’er and An’er?”

“We flew more than 1,500 kilometers and encountered demon monarchs attacking a city. They saw demon monarchs massacring humans with their own eyes,” said Meng Chuan. “I then brought them to many places in the wilderness to take a look. Grasslands, lakes, forests, and the deep mountains... I let them take a look whenever we passed by something. That’s how most people live in the world.”

Liu Qiyue nodded slightly.

“They’ve just suffered a huge wake-up call. I believe they’ll get used to it soon,” said Meng Chuan. “Watch over them for the next two days. I’ll head out first.”

“Hurry up and leave. Leave You’er and An’er to me.” Liu Qiyue nodded.

Meng Chuan didn’t have the time to counsel his children. He left everything to his wife. He immediately transformed into a bolt of lightning and flew towards the eastern horizon.

The East Sea.

Meng Chuan burrowed 40 kilometers deep into the ground. It was as dark and lonely as ever.

Boom! The Divine Eye of Lightning at Meng Chuan’s glabella opened long ago. He transformed into a bolt of lightning and flew into the rock layer. Underground, his electromagnetic domain had a range of 1.5 kilometers.

Underground reconnaissance was always lonely.

Supremacy Qin Wu had asked Meng Chuan to keep his identity a secret, causing the demons to think that King White Treasure was the one massacring the demons in the Great Zhou Dynasty as he conducted underground reconnaissance. This was to be kept a secret as long as possible. This was a form of protection for Meng Chuan. Although Meng Chuan was very powerful, he was still weaker than King White Treasure.

King White Treasure’s fame had spread across the world. All the Godfiends in the world were amazed and impressed by his accomplishments.

Meng Chuan was relatively less famous. Only a handful of people knew that he had a similar underground reconnaissance efficiency as King White Treasure. No matter how meritorious his deeds were, he had kept everything a secret!

It’s been three months since I obtained Origins Returning baneful aura, but my cultivation is very slow. Origins Returning baneful aura is too demanding on the body. I can barely absorb and refine it even with my Undying Body’s lifeforce. As Meng Chuan flew and probed his surroundings, he thought about other matters. This was how he stopped himself from feeling lonely. With my current cultivation speed, I will take more than a year to refine two cubes of Origins Returning baneful aura completely. However, that’s also a good thing. The stronger the Origins Returning baneful aura is, the stronger my baneful aura domain will become after I completely refine it.

Meng Chuan flew as he considered his reconnaissance route. In the past three months, I’ve mainly patrolled at a depth of 40 kilometers underground. I’ve only patrolled at a depth of 80 kilometers a handful of times. I’ve already explored over half of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory at a depth of 40 kilometers. I reckon that I’ll be done with my probes at a depth of 40 kilometers in half a year. I’ll switch to another depth after I’ve finished.

His definition of completion meant that he had swept more than 95% of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s territory at a depth of 40 kilometers underground. Even though Godfiends had precise control over space and could remember every single path they took, there were still some areas they wouldn’t cover. At the same depth, it was enough for one to check over 95% of the entire dynasty’s territory. If one insisted on checking 100% of the dynasty’s territory at a certain depth? It would take much more time; it wasn’t worth it.

I estimated that there would be the most demon monarchs at a depth of 40 kilometers. However, there aren’t as many demon monarchs as I expected. Do the demon monarchs in the Great Zhou Dynasty believe that we won’t carry out large-scale underground reconnaissance; thus, they don’t go this deep? I’ll patrol at a depth of 31 kilometers next.

As Meng Chuan flew and pondered, his eyes suddenly lit up.

A demon lair.

His electromagnetic domain discovered another demon lair. Inside the demon lair, the demon monarchs were either sleeping or cultivating. Meng Chuan instantly attacked and killed eight demon monarchs and more than 100 ordinary demons.

He scanned his surroundings systematically.

In the blink of an eye, it was evening. Exhausted, Meng Chuan dove to a depth of 80 kilometers underground.

According to Meng Chuan’s daily routine, he would patrol at a depth of 80 kilometers four times a day. He patrolled at this depth in search of fourth Firmament demon monarchs, but there were too few fourth Firmament demon monarchs. Meng Chuan’s efforts for the past three months hadn’t yielded results. However, he still spent some time patiently patrolling at a depth of 80 kilometers underground every day. This was because a fourth Firmament demon monarch’s destructive capability was comparable to that of thousands of ordinary demon monarchs.

The Great Zhou Dynasty’s Yuan State, 79 kilometers underground.

The gray-robed Greater Demon Monarch Sand Thicket silently returned to his underground palace.

“Your Majesty.”

“Your Majesty.”

Inside the palace, demon monarchs fawned over him respectfully. Greater Demon Monarch Sand Thicket returned to the palace and sat on his throne. Immediately, a demoness offered him delicacies and fine wine.

Gulp. Gulp. Gulp. Sand Thicket grabbed a flask of wine and gulped half of its contents down. Only then did he put down the flask and frown.

“What’s troubling you, Your Majesty?” Another demoness snuggled up to him and fed him grapes.

Sand Thicket frowned and said, “I went out to receive a messenger. The messenger brought the Imperial Lord’s orders.”

“The Imperial Lord’s orders?” The surrounding demon monarchs felt their hearts tighten.

The three Imperial Lords of the Demon Realm were supreme. They all had long lifespans, and no demon monarch dared to disobey the orders of an Imperial Lord.“The Imperial Lord has ordered us fourth Firmament demon monarchs to hide until further notice. We are not to attack the humans,” said Sand Thicket suspiciously.

“All are to hide? Not to attack humans?” The ordinary demon monarchs were puzzled as well.

“We came to the human world to eradicate the human race and occupy this world. Why are we forbidden from attacking?”

“It’s indeed strange.” The demonesses serving him discussed softly. One of the demonesses said, “Could it be that the Imperial Lord has some grand plan?”

“Whatever the plan is, just obey the Imperial Lord’s orders. It is much safer to hide.” Sand Thicket couldn’t be bothered to think further. He finished the pear that had been fed to him in a single gulp. He hugged the demoness and planted a heavy kiss on her, causing her to moan incessantly. The other demonesses beside him became even more attentive.

Sand Thicket felt extremely happy.

Suddenly, an electromagnetic wave swept across the cave abode. Sand Thicket’s expression changed drastically as his heart instantly turned cold.

“Godfiend! Run!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268 - Son Is a Peerless Genius
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Boom! Sand Thicket instantly transformed into a blur as he charged out.

The other demon monarchs in the cave abode revealed looks of panic as they began fleeing frantically.

Run, run, run! Sand Thicket was extremely flustered. He knew very well that Earth Net Godfiends typically wouldn’t come to a depth of 79 kilometers underground. Even if they had a tracking method, Earth Net Godfiends wouldn’t dare to conduct underground reconnaissance at such depths! Those who dared to proceed with the reconnaissance were absolutely confident of dealing with fourth Firmament demon monarchs.

I hope that these demon monarchs under my command can scatter and divert the Godfiend’s attention so that they can buy me time to escape. Sand Thicket was anxious, but before he could escape from the palace, he discovered that lightning appeared out of nowhere in the cave palace-hundreds of bolts of lightning.

The lightning swept past all the demon monarchs—that were fleeing in all directions

—and the alarmed ordinary demons, killing them.

Sand Thicket saw the two demonesses he doted on killed by the lightning with his own eyes. Lightning struck everywhere as many parts of the cave palace collapsed. More than half of the demon monarchs died instantly. Even third Firmament demon monarchs with weaker bodies were killed instantly.

What? Sand Thicket’s demonic powers isolated him from his surroundings, blocking the lightning. Horrified, he discovered that only two third Firmament demon monarchs remained alive in the entire cave palace. They were also heavily injured. The rest were all killed.

Meng Chuan hadn’t found anything in his 80-kilometer deep underground patrols over the past three months. He was used to it Thus, Meng Chuan was extremely excited when he discovered a demon lair at such depths. He had finally found something!

It was a huge harvest!

My efforts have paid off. Meng Chuan was delighted. First, he activated his electromagnetic domain. The lightning instantly killed swaths of demons, preventing the weaker demon monarchs from escaping.

Following that, Meng Chuan stared at the wrinkly Sand Thicket.

Fourth Firmament demon monarch. It’s best if I don’t expose my identity and kill it instantly. Otherwise, it will warn them that it’s a Darkstar-level threat when he requests for help.

Requests for help were divided into different levels of danger. When humans requested reinforcements, they could indicate if it was a fourth or fifth Firmament threat.

The demons also had indicators for different levels of danger when requesting for help.

If it were to indicate that it was a Marquis Godfiend that had killed them underground, it would be very difficult for me to impersonate King White Treasure.

Boom!

Meng Chuan instantly passed through countless rocks and traversed 1.5 kilometers. He caught up to Sand Thicket. The difference in speed was just too great.

Run! As Sand Thicket fled, he requested for help. He instinctively indicated that it was an Seamless-level threat. He subconsciously believed that it had to be a Regis Godfiend that had managed to find his cave abode.

Oh? Sand Thicket suddenly felt the threat. He turned to look behind him.

Behind him were countless pitch-black rocks, but Sand Thicket felt the void collapse and distort.

A crescent appeared in his eyes. It was as though it had flown over from the other end of the void. It was inconceivably fast. Sand Thicket had no time to react.

Pfft! The saber beam sliced off his head. His eyes were filled with despair. It really is a Regis Godfiend.

Perhaps only Regis Godfiends had such terrifying strength.

Following that, his consciousness dissipated.

A greater demon monarch’s vitality made it possible for them to remain alive even if their hearts were pierced. Only their heads remained a vital spot.

Phew. Meng Chuan appeared nearby. His body was covered in a layer of light, causing the surrounding void to collapse and distort. He looked at the corpse on the ground as blood surged towards Demon Slayer.

It’s indeed different after reaching the Undying Realm. My body can cause the void to distort and collapse. My Heart Intent Saber Art is even faster in the distorted void now. A fourth Firmament demon monarch didn’t even have time to react before it was killed. Meng Chuan nodded slightly. The Heart Intent Saber Art was a swift saber art. With his strength, he can send a saber beam from over 1000 feet away. However, when the void was distorted, his saber beams could travel even further. A 1000-foot distance shortened by half. His saber art naturally became unpredictable.

The fourth Firmament demon monarch could detect the saber beam, but it couldn’t move its body in time. It should be a newly-advanced fourth Firmament demon monarch. Perhaps only a peak fourth or fifth Firmament demon monarch can truly test my current strength.

The one he had just killed was indeed too weak for Meng Chuan.

Whoosh.

Sand Thicket’s lifeblood was devoured completely as his body disintegrated into powder. Only three strange bone beads remained of his body. Beside him were weapons, robes, and other items.

Meng Chuan waved his hand and put them away. Then, he returned to Sand Thicket’s lair and killed the two heavily injured third Firmament demon monarchs. He then stored all the demon monarch corpses and spoils of war into his Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead.

That felt great. I killed a fourth Firmament demon monarch and 27 ordinary demon monarchs. Meng Chuan was rather excited. I heard that in the first year of the large-scale demon invasion, King White Treasure killed five fourth Firmament demon monarchs. I only killed one after three months of patrolling the underground. That isn’t much.

Continue.

Meng Chuan continued his underground reconnaissance.

28th June. Jiang State Capital, Meng Manor’s Lake Heart Pavilion.

After the stimulus, Meng You and Meng An became more diligent in their cultivation.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

Meng An practiced his spear arts under the shade of a tree alone. Meng You painted in her study. The siblings had different personalities. The sister was more reserved and liked to paint. Her painting skills were rather brilliant, but she was still far from reaching the stage where she could seek answers from her inner self. After all, art and calligraphy geniuses were rare in human history. It was rare for one to reach the level of seeking answers from oneself at a young age.

Meng Chuan had suffered a huge loss when he was a child. He painted alone. Painting could alleviate his mental fatigue. His painting also contained his longing for his mother and loneliness. Only when he painted did he truly have no worries. As such, he improved leaps and bounds with painting.

This world...

Meng An practiced his spear arts and felt a fire burning in his heart.

Every since half a month ago, he felt crushed by what he saw. However, he knew very well that he couldn’t change this world with his current strength. To change the world, he had to become an incomparably mighty Godfiend.

Shall be torn apart!

Meng An thrust out angrily, as though he wanted to create a huge hole in the world.

Amid his intense emotions, the strike became very natural. Under the formless guidance of his Quintessential Energy and body, the fusion became closer to perfection. The explosive power behind his attack was terrifying. It stirred the Heaven and Earth powers, causing the Heaven and Earth powers to gather in the spear naturally.

Boom!

He thrust the spear furiously. Flaming spear beams appeared and pierced through the dense leaves in front of him, disintegrating countless leaves.

Meng An stood rooted to the ground and looked down at the spear in his hand. Force? This is Force? Meng An was surprised and delighted

Whoosh.

A figure appeared beside him. It was Liu Qiyue. Liu Qiyue looked at her son in surprise.

“Mom, I’ve comprehended Force.” Meng An looked at his mother. “Show it to me again.” Liu Qiyue was also extremely excited. To comprehend Force at the age of 13? This was faster than what she and Meng Chuan had expected.

That evening, the sky was dark.

Meng Chuan streaked across the sky and landed in Lake Heart Pavilion. Exhausted, he walked into the hall. Having used his divine power continuously—the Divine Eye of Lightning-he was mentally exhausted. “Dad,” shouted Meng You and Meng An as Liu Qiyue sat by the side and smiled.Meng Chuan sat on the chair in exhaustion. He revealed a smile as he looked at his wife and daughter. “You’er and An’er, you haven’t eaten?”

“An’er has something to tell you,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Oh, what’s the matter?” Meng Chuan picked up a cup of tea and took a big gulp.

“Dad.” Meng An looked excitedly at his father. “I’ve comprehended Force.”

Pfft.

Meng Chuan spat out a mouthful of tea, and it sprayed onto his son’s face.

Meng An blinked and looked at his father.

“You have reached the Realm of Force?” Meng Chuan stared at his son. His son was a peerless genius?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269 - Fate and Glory (Final C.of Volume)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng An nodded seriously

“An’er has indeed reached the Realm of Force. He has already demonstrated it in front of me,” said Liu Qiyue. “Show me,” said Meng Chuan, unable to hide his excitement. He wanted to see with his own eyes the extent of his son’s spear art now that he had comprehended Force.

“Okay.” Meng An stood up confidently and walked out. Meng Chuan, Liu Qiyue, and Meng You arrived at the door.

Soon, Meng An took out his spear. “Dad, watch carefully.” Meng An was in high spirits. He swung his spear down violently, lashing out at the lake in front of him. With a rumble, a spear beam whizzed out, causing the lake water to part for dozens of feet as it exploded violently.

“It’s Force. You have indeed reached the Realm of Force.” Meng Chuan’s heart was filled with pride. He had risen from a remote place like Eastcalm Prefecture, and his master highly valued his Essence Soul cultivation talent. This made Meng Chuan very proud. During the process of nurturing his children, he had taught his children how to paint, but his son wasn’t very interested in painting. His daughter was interested, but she was far from reaching the stage where she could seek answers for her inner self.

Meng Chuan had even considered the possibility that his children might be mediocre, but he still did his best to groom them.

And now...

The scene before him made Meng Chuan understand one thing. His son, Meng An, was no less of a genius than the likes of Xue Feng and Yan Chitong because he had comprehended Force at the age of 13.

“Good.” Meng Chuan laughed loudly. “An’er, well done.”

Meng An was delighted to receive his father’s praise.

“Your talent in spear arts is higher than I expected,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “Your future achievements will definitely surpass your mother’s and mine.”

Liu Qiyue nodded as she looked at her son with anticipation. Although she knew that her husband’s greatest talent was his Essence Soul cultivation talent and that it was very difficult for her children to catch up to their father, she was still filled with anticipation.

Furthermore, her son’s talent was also at the level of a peerless genius. Even a Creation Supremacy needed to cultivate from the beginning, one step at a time. Her son might go very far on his cultivation path in the future.

“I will work hard.” Meng An nodded.

The family returned to the dining room and ate dinner.

“An’er.” Meng Chuan looked at his son in relief. “Since you’ve comprehended Force, you can enter Archean Mountain to cultivate.”

“Enter Archean Mountain?” Meng An’s eyes were filled with anticipation.

His parents were Archean Mountain Godfiends. From a young age, he and his sister, Meng You, had vowed to become Archean Mountain disciples!

“With your talent, Archean Mountain will directly recruit you,” said Liu Qiyue. “An’er, when do you plan on going to the mountain?”

His elder sister, Meng You, couldn’t help but ask, “If my younger brother goes to Archean Mountain, will he be staying there for a decade or even longer?”.

“Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded. “During our time, the average time a disciple spent on the mountain was longer than a decade. Now, there are too many demon monarchs in the world. Only peak Great Solar Godfiends are qualified to join Godfiend teams. Therefore, disciples will stay on the mountain longer... However, with An’er’s talent, he will probably be able to leave the mountain within 15 years. Even if he leaves the mountain, he will have to follow Archean Mountain’s arrangements.” Meng An said softly, “Will it be difficult for me to meet you?” “Yes.” Liu Qiyue nodded gently. “I need to preside over Jiang State Capital. I can’t leave without permission. I’m afraid I won’t be able to see you for more than ten years. Your father can occasionally go up the mountain to see you.” “Archean Mountain has its rules. We can’t disturb the disciples frequently,” said Meng Chuan. “The number of times I can see you is limited as well.”

According to the rules set by Archean Mountain, disciples had to grow independently and cultivate in solitude. “Okay.” Meng An nodded gently. “I understand. Dad said that the sooner one cultivates the path of the Godfiend, the better. I’ll have a higher chance of becoming a Marquis Godfiend and even Regis Godfiend if I begin on this path earlier. I’ll head up the mountain as soon as possible.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue exchanged looks.

She was pleased with her son’s choice, but also couldn’t bear for him to leave. After more than ten years of teaching him, her son had grown up. Now it was time for them to be separated.

“I’ll write a letter and inform Archean Mountain about you,” said Meng Chuan. “Stay at home for a few more days. Make preparations before going up the mountain.”

“Yes,” replied Meng An obediently.

...

Archean Mountain, night.

“Supremacy, this is today’s dossiers.” Archean Mountain Lord carried a pile of dossiers over.

Qin Wu sat there and calmly received the dossiers and began reading. “Is there anything important?”

“It’s rather stable. Nothing major has happened in the Great Zhou Dynasty,” said Archean Mountain Lord. He smiled. “By the way, Junior Brother Meng Chuan wrote to me.”

“To you?” Qin Wu was astonished. Meng Chuan’s secret identity was Archean Mountain’s top Patroller. He usually sent letters directly to Supremacy Qin Wu.

“It’s business,” said Archean Mountain Lord with a smile. “His son, Meng An, is 13 years old this year. He has already reached the Realm of Force. His talent is comparable to Xue Feng and Yan Chitong.” “Oh?” Qin Wu revealed a look of delight. He was naturally satisfied that Archean Mountain had another peerless genius. “I remember that Meng Chuan only had a pair of children when he was 36. If I remember correctly, his children’s birthdays are on 3rd September.” “Archean Mountain naturally needs to recruit such a peerless genius. I’ve already written a letter to Junior Brother Meng,” said Archean Mountain Lord with a smile. “I won’t arrange for someone to pick him up. Let Junior Brother Meng personally send his son over.”

“Okay.” Qin Wu nodded.

Although he was pleased with the news, this was only a trivial matter. As a peerless genius, it only meant that he would definitely become a Marquis. Becoming a Regis Godfiend was still very difficult. Therefore, it didn’t affect the overall situation much. “In the past three months, the number of demon monarch corpses that Junior Brother Meng Chuan has delivered is astounding.” Archean Mountain Lord couldn’t help but say excitedly, “Counting the ones he sent over recently, he has killed more than 9,300 demon monarchs in the past three months. He even killed a fourth Firmament demon monarch.”

Qin Wu looked at him. “Therefore, we have to keep news about Meng Chuan a secret.”

“Among Regis Godfiends, I’m the only one who knows,” said Archean Mountain Lord respectfully. “I didn’t tell anyone about it. Junior Brother Meng and his wife are also cautious. They definitely won’t spread it.”

“Yes, the longer it’s kept a secret, the better,” said Qin Wu.

Archean Mountain Lord asked, “After Junior Brother Meng’s son comes to the mountain, do we groom him as per usual?”

“Do the same as usual. Give him equivalent treatment to what Xue Feng and Yan Chitong received,” said Qin Wu. “As for the future, it depends on his son’s potential.”

“Yes,” replied Archean Mountain Lord.

Dawn, Meng Manor.

Meng Dajiang and Liu Yebai arrived at Lake Heart Pavilion. A group of people gathered here to send Meng An off.

“Clothes for all four seasons, as well as your daily necessities, are all here.” Liu Qiyue handed a storage bag to her son. Her eyes were slightly red. “After this farewell, I might not be able to see you for more than ten years. Once you reach Archean Mountain, you have to take good care of yourself. If there’s anything you need, just write to us.” “Yes.” Meng An nodded with reddened eyes.

Meng Chuan silently stood by the side and watched Meng Dajiang, Liu Yebai, and Meng You bid farewell to Meng An.

After a long while, Meng Chuan walked over. “It’s time to set off.”

Meng An looked at his father. “Yes, Father.”

“Remember to write,” Liu Qiyue exhorted.

Meng Chuan’s Darkstar domain enveloped his son as they soared into the sky.

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but cry. “An’er.”

“When a child grows up, he will eventually need to spread his wings and soar into the sky.” Meng Dajiang sighed.

“That’s how we sent you and Meng Chuan up the mountain back then,” said Liu Yebai.

Meng Chuan flew above the clouds with his son as fast as lightning, heading straight for Archean Mountain.

Archean Mountain had finished arranging for Meng An.

Whoosh.

Bright Scenic Peak.

Meng Chuan and his son came to Meng Chuan’s original cave abode. Elder Yi, Steward Liu, and company were already waiting for their arrival. “Elder Yi.” After landing, Meng Chuan cupped his hands and bowed.

“Junior Brother Meng,” said Elder Yi with a smile. “The scene of you coming up the mountain 30 years ago remains fresh in my mind. Now, your son is on the mountain as

well.”

M

Meng Chuan sighed. “Time flies.” Back then, he and Qiyue had started cultivating on the mountain when they were still very young. Now, they had killed a large number of demon monarchs. On the surface, he was a famous Marquis Godfiend, but in reality, he was Archean Mountain’s top Patroller. His wife was also a Marquis Godfiend and presided over Jiang State Capital.

“Kid.” Elder Yi looked at Meng An and said with a smile, “Every Archean Mountain disciple can choose a cave abode for themselves. Are you sure you don’t want to choose one? You plan on staying in your father’s cave abode?”

“I’ve discussed it with my sister. I will live in my father’s cave abode. After my sister comes up the mountain, she will live in my mother’s cave abode,” said Meng An.

“Okay.” Elder Yi nodded with a smile. “Go to the library and read some books. Choose the Godfiend body and spear art that you wish to cultivate as soon as possible. I believe that your parents have told you all about this.”

“Yes.” Meng An nodded.

Meng Chuan didn’t have much time. He was exhausted because of his daily underground reconnaissance. However, Liu Qiyue had instructed him very carefully. She even told her son about the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies in detail. She found information for her son to read.

“Junior Brother Meng, I won’t disturb your father-son bonding time any further,” said Elder Yi with a smile before bidding farewell.

Meng Chuan accompanied his son to change the items in the cave abode to frequently-used items.An hour later, outside the cave abode.

“Dad.” Meng An looked at his father, filled with reluctance.

They really had to part.

Meng Chuan felt mixed emotions. He looked at his son and said solemnly, “An’er, becoming a Godfiend and slaying demon monarchs is our duty. In the future, you have to bear the responsibility and fight the demon monarchs.” Meng Chuan said, “There’s an old saying... A man should be ambitious. As for us Godfiends, our ambition is to kill all demon monarchs under the heavens. This is our fate and our glory!”

“Dad, let’s slay the demons together in the future.” Meng An’s eyes burned. “Alright.” Meng Chuan smiled. “We, father and son, will kill the demons together! This is our agreement. Therefore, you have to cultivate hard and not slack off!”

“Yes,” replied Meng An. “Father, don’t worry. I will definitely cultivate diligently.”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly. Following that, he turned into a bolt of lightning and flew east.

Meng An stood there for a moment before softly whispering, “Dad, I definitely won’t disappoint you.” Following that, he turned and entered the cave abode. Final Chapter of Volume—Children’s Growth

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270 - Samsara Divine Body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three days later, Archean Mountain, Impartation Pavilion.

Elder Yi smiled as he looked at the youth in front of him, Meng An. The youth, Meng An, looked similar to his father, Meng Chuan. However, he was less “unruly” than his father, and more composed. His father, Meng Chuan, spent four hours a day painting. His temperament was indeed different from ordinary people, and he was more unruly. Even the way he looked at the world was filled with curiosity. He carefully observed the colorful world and felt the various emotions in it.

Perhaps every grandmaster painter observed the world like Meng Chuan.

Meng An was different. He was a traditional peerless genius! He had an extraordinary physique and had been taught by his parents since he was young. He was not too interested in painting and focused on spear arts.

“Have you made your decision?” Elder Yi smiled as he looked at Meng An. “Archean Mountain’s rules are that you cannot change the Godfiend Body formula once chosen for three years.”

“I received detailed information on the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies at home. I’ve read in the library for three days. I’m certain,” said Meng An.

“What are you choosing?” asked Elder Yi.

A sharp glint flashed in Meng An’s eyes. “Samsara Divine Body!”

Evening, Meng Manor.

Meng Chuan and his wife sat by the table and ate dinner.

“A letter from Archean Mountain.” Liu Qiyue handed a piece of paper to Meng Chuan.

After receiving it, Meng Chuan said in surprise, “An’er chose the Samsara Divine Body and the Black Metal Sutra, Samsara?”

“I had guessed he would choose a difficult path, but this path is too difficult. I tried to persuade him, but his personality is very similar to yours. It won’t be easy to change his choice,” said Liu Qiyue.

“Among the Black Metal Sutra spear arts, Samsara is recognized to be the most suitable for Samsara Divine Body cultivators,” said Meng Chuan.

Samsara Divine Body. It was the strongest at close combat among the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies! In terms of physical toughness, it was ranked first. Its strength was second only to the Great Strength Fiend Body. Although the Great Strength Fiend Body was very good when it came to killing enemies, it lacked in the defensive department. However, the Samsara Divine Body’s defensive capabilities could be said to be the best. With the Samsara domain protecting him, the toughness of his body would be terrifying. He could surpass many demon monarchs at the same level. Perhaps only someone who specialized in physical body cultivation like Meng Chuan could suppress him.

However, Meng Chuan didn’t have a perfect defensive domain like the Samsara domain.

“The Samsara Divine Body is the most powerful Godfiend Body in close combat,” said Liu Qiyue. “The Lightning Devastator Fiend Body is difficult to cultivate because of the baneful auras and the demands on one’s willpower. As for the difficulty of cultivating the Samsara Divine Body, it lies with one’s perception.”

“Yes, the requirement for one’s perception is too high.” Meng Chuan nodded. “One needs to achieve five Intents of the five elements and perfectly fuse them into the will of Samsara. Only then can one master the Samsara Divine Body.”

Everyone had their own specialties. For example, some had a high affinity with lightning or fire. It was obvious how difficult it was to comprehend and fuse five different elemental Intents.

“In the books, the Samsara Divine Body was the creation of us human’s Ancestral Master Archean Eon from ancient times. It’s deemed the most perfect Godfiend body,” said Liu Qiyue. “Ancestral Master Archean Eon even created the Black Metal Sutra spear art, Samsara. It’s also recognized as the best spear art in the world.”

Meng Chuan’s heart stirred. Ancestral Master Archean Eon?

With his current status, he didn’t know much about Ancestral Master Archean Eon. He even suspected that Archean Mountain’s Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven was related to Ancestral Master Archean Eon.

“Among the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies, this Godfiend Body is best in defense, second in strength, and third in speed. It also has a domain. Everything is perfect,” Liu Qiyue praised. Meng Chuan nodded as well. The other Godfiend bodies typically took one aspect to the extreme. For example, the Lightning Devastator Fiend Body pursued speed to the extreme. It was lacking in other aspects. The Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body was the strongest Godfiend Body at long-range attacks. The Great Strength Fiend Body had the greatest strength. The Phoenix Divine Body granted one a unique ability, Phoenix’s Nirvana. The other Godfiend bodies had obvious flaws, but the Samsara Divine Body, indisputably, had no shortcomings.

“It’s just too difficult to cultivate,” said Meng Chuan with a sigh. “He needs to figure out five different elemental Intents and fuse them into the will of Samsara.”

“Since he has chosen, he can’t change for the next three years. This is Archean Mountain’s rule,” said Liu Qiyue. “Besides, you said that we wouldn’t interfere with his choices. Let him choose himself. It’s most important that he likes it.”

“The path of a Godfiend is ultimately up to the individual,” said Meng Chuan. “Of course, he has to choose what he likes.”

“I hope An’er can master it,” said Liu Qiyue.

Meng Chuan was looking forward to it.

Could his son master it?

Time passed.

The entire world operated as usual. Meng Chuan continued his daily 12-hour underground reconnaissance. When he returned home exhausted, he would paint. Painting was the best way for Meng Chuan to relax. His wife would usually accompany him as she read dossiers or practiced her calligraphy. Thankfully, at Meng Chuan’s level, he didn’t need much sleep. He could take it even if he didn’t sleep for a few months. However, Meng Chuan would still sleep for four hours a day so that he would be in high spirits the next day.

He only had two hours to practice his saber. Of course, once one achieved Saber Dao, the effects of diligent training decreased greatly. One would need to ponder for insights to continue improving.

“Ah Chuan, it’s too tiring like this for you.” When Liu Qiyue saw this, her heart ached for her husband. “If you patrol for ten hours a day, wouldn’t that be almost the same? You can relax a lot more too.”

“I can be extravagant enough to paint every day. I can completely recover the next day. I can last for 12 hours. Furthermore, if I cut my patrol time by two hours, I will kill fewer demon monarchs. Since I have such abilities, I should do my best,” said Meng Chuan. Maintaining the Divine Eye of Lightning for 12 hours was his limit. He maintained the divine power through sheer willpower; it was a form of tempering his will. He would probably injure his Essence Soul if he tried to maintain his divine power for longer than 12 hours. Meng Chuan wasn’t so rash enough to do such a thing.

In the blink of an eye, winter came.

Archean Mountain.

Qin Wu and Luo Tang stood side by side. Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi stood by the side of the two Supremacies.

“Despite knowing it’s right, this decision is really difficult to make,” said Qin Wu.

“We have already done our best. Two World Island has decided to do it much earlier than we did,” said Luo Tang. “We also knew that this day would eventually come. It only came earlier than we expected.”

“Yes.” Qin Wu said, “It’s earlier than we expected. This is a war between two worlds. It’s impossible for everything to go as we planned.”

Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi listened silently.

“Pass the order.” Supremacy Qin instructed, “Pass the order to all prefecture cities in the Great Zhou Dynasty.”

“Yes,” said Archean Mountain Lord and Elder Yi respectfully.

Moments later, hundreds of avian demon monarchs flew out of Archean Mountain and rushed in all directions.

That night, Meng Chuan was painting while Liu Qiyue leisurely flipped through dossiers.

Swoosh.

An avian demon monarch landed and transformed into a lanky youth. He bowed respectfully outside the study. “Marquis Eastcalm.”

“Oh?” Liu Qiyue walked to the corridor.

The lanky youth handed an envelope respectfully. “These are orders personally issued by the two Supremacies.” The envelope flew towards Liu Qiyue.

Liu Qiyue—who was standing in the corridor outside the study-reached out to receive it in surprise. When she opened the envelope, there was a thick stack of paper. Clearly, there was a lot of content. The lanky youth flew up, quickly disappearing into the night sky. An order issued by the two Supremacies? Did something major happen? Meng Chuan walked out of the study in puzzlement, only to find his wife’s face filled with shock.

“Take a look.” Liu Qiyue handed the first letter to Meng Chuan and continued reading the remaining papers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271 - The World is In Turmoil
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“In Jiang State, other than Xuan River Prefecture City and Changfeng Prefecture City, all other prefecture cities and county cities are to be abandoned?” Meng Chuan looked at the contents of the letter in disbelief.

“Has the situation deteriorated to this stage?” Meng Chuan read the contents.

Archean Mountain was abandoning all the county cities and almost all the prefecture cities in the Great Zhou Dynasty.

Liu Qiyue read two letters carefully. After a simple flip through the thick stack of papers, she raised her head and said, “Ah Chuan, giving up on many counties and prefectures has huge implications. These letters are the core execution plan. More detailed plans will be delivered soon.”

“What about the residents of prefecture and county cities if we are giving so many up?” Meng Chuan asked. “In total, there are more than 20 million residents in Jiang Sate’s prefecture and county cities.”

“It’s written here,” said Liu Qiyue. “From now on, there will only be three large cities left in Jiang State. They will be Jiang State Capital, that’s in the center. Xuan River City in the south and Changfeng City in the north. Jiang State Capital will expand once again and include the surrounding towns outside the city... It will form a large city and have a population of 20 million.

“The plans for Xuan River City and Changfeng City are less grand. They will be cities with populations of just over ten million. The residents of northern prefecture and county cities will be relocated to Changfeng City. Those in southern prefecture and county cities will be relocated to Xuan River City soon. Also, more than five million people will migrate to Jiang State Capital’s outer city.” Liu Qiyue handed the two letters to Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan read the highly detailed plan that documented the migration process.

The migration plan sounded simple, but in truth, it wasn’t easy to deal with many aspects such as building a city, providing housing and food for the migrants. The letter only had a rough introduction.

“The world is in turmoil,” said Meng Chuan with a sigh. “For such a large-scale migration, just the supply of food is extremely difficult. According to the plan, there are many solutions to ensure the supply of food. Even if we encounter any trouble, Regis Godfiends will be carrying grotto-heaven treasures to transport food. Even places that would be very difficult to migrate from will be fine. The commoners will enter grotto-heaven treasures during the migration.”

Liu Qiyue said, “There is a limited number of grotto-heaven treasures. They will only be used on the areas that are most difficult to migrate from.”

“For Changfeng City and Xuan River City, the original city will be called the inner city, and an area spanning 75 kilometers will be built around it as an outer city.” Meng Chuan looked at it and said, “Thankfully, Godfiends can build a city quickly.” The plans were multifaceted and well-thought-out.

Most of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s population had to migrate, and cities needed to be built. It sounded unbelievable, but according to the various plans, it was indeed possible. Meng Chuan had the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead, so he knew very well that he could help a million people from a prefecture city migrate. However, it would be slightly troublesome to enter and exit the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead as it required quite a bit of time.

“Did it mention how Wu State’s population will be relocated?” asked Meng Chuan. Eastcalm Prefecture City was their hometown. More than half of their clansmen lived in Eastcalm Prefecture City.

“Attached at the back is the future layout of all 23 of the Great Zhou Dynasty’s states.” Liu Qiyue flipped to the back. “Wu State will also have three cities left. The south will have the current Wu State Capital. Eastcalm City will be in the middle of Wu State, and the north will have Chu An City.”

“Eastcalm Prefecture City will remain?” Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

“Archean Mountain’s plans usually designate three cities that are located in three different regions of a state. This can minimize the migration distance,” said Liu Qiyue. “In each state, there are usually two or three prefecture cities that will usually be chosen to be one of the migration destinations. Archean Mountain tried their best to choose the hometowns of Marquis and Regis Godfiends. It’s understandable. In the future, these large cities will probably be guarded by Marquis Godfiends. These Marquis Godfiends will naturally do their best to guard their hometowns.”

Meng Chuan nodded. He took the remaining letter and quickly skimmed through it. He shook his head gently. “Is the situation really that bad? The Great Zhou Dynasty’s situation is clearly improving. I’ve been clearing out underground demon lairs.”

“There’s no need to doubt the mark on this letter.” Liu Qiyue shook her head. “However, we have to confirm such a huge matter.”

“I’ll make a trip to Archean Mountain tomorrow to deliver my spoils of war. I can also ask in passing,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue nodded. “Ask why Archean Mountain is making such a decision? Even Black Sand Dynasty is abandoning their prefecture and county cities according to what’s written here.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan nodded.

The Black Sand Dynasty was in the best situation among the three great dynasties, so why were they abandoning most of their cities as well? Previously, they had been defending with all their might. Now that they had abandoned them, there was probably a more profound reason.

That night, all the various states’ guardians received Archean Mountain’s orders. Everyone was shocked, and they also sent letters to Archean Mountain to confirm.

Meng Chuan and his wife didn’t sleep the entire night. From the decisions made by Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven, they sensed danger approaching

The next morning, Meng Chuan continued his underground reconnaissance as usual. He traveled at an extremely high speed at a depth of 31 kilometers underground. He kept his Divine Eye of Lightning open as he sensed his surroundings.

He continued flying as he carried out reconnaissance, from morning to afternoon.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan flew under Gu Mountain Prefecture City.

Gu Mountain Prefecture City was also one of the many prefecture cities that Wu State would abandon. It could barely be considered in the center of Wu State, but its geographical location was not as central as Eastcalm Prefecture City! Furthermore, more than half of the Meng family lived in Eastcalm Prefecture City. If Meng Chuan and his wife could choose, they would also choose Eastcalm Prefecture City as one of the remaining cities. This made it easier for the surrounding prefecture cities and county cities to migrate.

Gu Mountain Prefecture City was where he and his wife had stayed for many years, the place where they had their children. It would become a barren city in the future.

“What? We’re not allowed to complete the transaction?”

There were many people gathered outside Gu Mountain Prefecture City’s government office.

“We have already signed a contract. We are willing parties. We will pay the necessary taxes, so why can’t we complete the transaction?” Many people were standing anxiously outside the government office. They were prepared to conduct a property transaction today.

The transaction of houses had to be done through the government. One reason was to pay taxes, and the second was to determine who the owner of the house was. If this wasn’t done through the government, they would not be protected by the laws of the Imperial Court.

“Everyone.” Finally, an official came out as guards protected him. The official laughed loudly and said, “Everyone, don’t worry. We have just received the Imperial Court’s orders From now on, all property transactions will stop. As for when it will revive, we will have to wait for the Imperial Court’s new orders.”

“The Imperial Court’s orders?” The people looked at each other.

W

If the local officials were to stop them, there was still a way to get around them. Many of them had some background, but if the Imperial Court directly gave orders, it would be troublesome.

“Transactions are forbidden?”

“We are not allowed to sell our houses? This bastard owes my master 500 taels of silver. We can only get him to repay his debt with his house. Why can’t we do the transaction?”

All the county and prefecture cities in the Great Zhou Dynasty were immediately prohibited from completing any property transactions.

That evening.

After carrying out his daily reconnaissance, Meng Chuan arrived at Archean Mountain. It was still Archean Mountain Lord who received him.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Within a vast grotto-heaven, Meng Chuan and Archean Mountain Lord stood there as batches of demon monarch corpses appeared one after another beside them. Soon, more than 1,000 demon monarch corpses were left in an open space. There were also large amounts of weapons and artifacts.

“This was collected recently,” said Meng Chuan. He then looked at Archean Mountain Lord. “Mountain Lord, were the orders from last night authentic?”

“Of course.” Archean Mountain Lord nodded. “Who can forge Archean Mountain orders?” “After all, this matter has too many implications,” Meng Chuan asked. “What exactly happened to cause Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven to give such orders?”

Archean Mountain Lord had a complicated expression. He looked at Meng Chuan and said, “The final battle between demons and humans is coming!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272 - Constructing the City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“The final battle?” Meng Chuan’s heart palpitated.

“This news can’t be kept secret for long. It’s even possible that the demons will take the initiative to spread the news in the human world, causing everyone to panic.” Archean Mountain Lord sneered. “More humans will probably pledge allegiance to the demons. More humans will also join the Skydemon Sect.”

“What happened?” asked Meng Chuan.

Archean Mountain Lord said, “It’s already known throughout the Demon Realm. The Demon Realm’s three Imperial Lords have gathered all fourth Firmament demon monarchs to participate in a drawing of lots, regardless of their identity or background. Even the Imperial Lords’ personal disciples aren’t exempt. Three out of ten will be chosen. The greater demon monarchs that are drawn will have to participate in the battle against the humans.”

Meng Chuan’s expression changed slightly.

“In total, 605 greater demon monarchs were selected. These greater demon monarchs are temporarily residing in the Imperial Lord’s palace. They are unable to communicate with the outside world because the demons wish to keep it a secret as much as possible.” Archean Mountain Lord sneered. “But we humans have our ways. Now, our Great Zhou Dynasty and the Black Sand Dynasty have abandoned many prefecture and county cities. The demons should realize that the news has been leaked. Therefore, if I didn’t guess wrongly, the demons will likely take the initiative to spread the news since it can’t be kept under wraps,” said Archean Mountain Lord.

As Meng Chuan marveled at the humans’ infiltration of the Demon Realm, he felt immense pressure.

“Do all 605 fourth Firmament demon monarchs have the means to infiltrate the human world?” Meng Chuan asked. “Only large city passes and super-large city passes allow passage to fourth Firmament demon monarchs.”

“Since they have mobilized the army, they have full confidence that they can enter the human world,” said Archean Mountain Lord. “There are too many major city passes. There are seven in the Great Zhou Dynasty. There are 19 major city passes in the world. As long as one is destroyed, they can enter.”

“There are more than 600 of them. Including the fourth Firmament demon monarchs that have sneaked in these past few years, the human world will have about 700 fourth Firmament demon monarchs!” Meng Chuan’s expression changed.

“Not only that.” Archean Mountain Lord said, “Even fourth Firmament demon monarchs are forced to enter the battlefield. I’m afraid that ordinary demon monarchs will also be mobilized on a large scale. There will probably be more than a million ordinary demon monarchs.”

“More than a million ordinary demon monarchs?” Meng Chuan’s face turned pale. There were only tens of thousands of Godfiends in the human world. Humans had done their best to protect them and not let them fight in risky battles. If they fought, they would probably be wiped out quickly. “The lives of mortal demons are as cheap as ants. They might surge in through the various World Entrances located in the seas,” said Archean Mountain Lord calmly. “For the demons, they can always mobilize demon monarchs on a large scale again if they lose this battle. As for us humans, this is the final battle. If we can’t withstand it, humanity will be finished...”

“Can we survive this?” Meng Chuan looked at Archean Mountain Lord.

“Since we chose to build large cities, we have the confidence to defend them.” Archean Mountain Lord looked at Meng Chuan. “If not, wouldn’t it be easier to abandon everything else and simply defend the state capitals?”

Meng Chuan nodded slightly.

In states like Wu State, Jiang State, and Qian State, there would be three large cities with massive populations. In the sparsely-populated states, they would have two large cities each. If one built a large city, they naturally had to allocate forces to defend it.

“About 700 fourth Firmament demon monarchs will be in the human world when they are mobilized. We are in the open while they are in the dark,” said Meng Chuan. “They can gather their strength and attack the Great Zhou Dynasty together. As for our Godfiends, even though there have been many born over the past ten years, Archean Mountain only has 73 Marquis Godfiends. They have to be spread out to guard the cities.”

“700 against 73? How are we going to beat them?” Meng Chuan looked at Archean Mountain Lord. “If we fail to handle the situation well, many Marquis Godfiends will die in battle!”

“The real plan needs to be kept confidential.” Archean Mountain Lord looked at Meng Chuan. “All you need to know is that we have the confidence to fight them.”

“Yes.” Meng Chuan didn’t ask further. He knew that the more people that knew the full plan, the more likely it would be leaked. With his status, he did not even have the right to know the ‘responsive plan.’ Most likely, only a handful across the three major sects in the human world knew of the full plan.

Days passed.

The entire world was in a state of panic. Due to the fact that the Great Yue Dynasty was sparsely populated and that the population was scattered across many islands, they had long abandoned their prefecture and county cities. They only defended large cities—that now had populations exceeding ten million people. However, the Great Zhou Dynasty and Black Sand Dynasty-which had always been in a rather stable state—had begun to abandon their prefecture and county cities and began to construct large cities. This naturally made the people of the world speculate.

“The demons are attacking. Humans are doomed.”

“Directly abandoning the prefecture and county cities is a testimony to the lack of confidence.”

Countless mortals had such discussions.

“We can all move into the big cities. Powerful Godfiends guard the big cities. It’s much safer. In the future, our children can cultivate in peace.”

“This is to protect us better. Demon monarchs often slaughter those in the county cities. Isn’t it safer being in a big city?”

People would also retort naysayers.

In short, the entire world had already begun the migration. It was still fine if the roads were smooth. It was very difficult to move a large number of people in the states where transportation or the roads were lacking.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan flew high into the sky and saw a large number of people heading towards Jiang State Capital from all directions. The closest people could arrive at Jiang State Capital in just a few hours. The nearest prefecture city’s residents moved very quickly. They’ve already begun migrating. Meng Chuan looked down and saw the outer city that was being built in Jiang State Capital.

Liu Qiyue, who was bathed in flames, stood alone on the city wall. She looked like a flame deity. With her Darkstar domain, soil and countless rocks were moved outside the city. Soil and countless rocks flew up and were melted by Liu Qiyue’s flames. They turned into a magma paste. The magma paste was naturally compressed into shape by her Darkstar domain. It then expanded to the size of an 800-foot-long city wall.

Whoosh.

The slow-flowing magma paste’s hot gases were quickly swept away by Liu Qiyue. The magma paste rapidly cooled down and was forcefully compressed by her Darkstar domain. Finally, it formed a solid wall that was roughly 800 feet long, 120 feet tall, and 60 feet wide.

Boom! The enormous city wall crashed down like a small mountain, connecting with the original city wall.

Through the process of digging out soil and rocks, melting it, molding it, and letting it cool, a towering city wall—that was about 800 feet long-was built. The city wall was mainly used to block ordinary demons. Therefore, this 120-foot-tall wall was enough.

After excavating the land outside, an 800-foot-long, 100-foot-wide moat formed naturally outside the outer city walls. As construction continued, the moat would be as long as the city walls.

Liu Qiyue took a step and arrived at the edge of the city wall that had just been built. She used her Darkstar domain to dig up soil and rocks again and built another section of the city wall.“That’s Marchioness Calmmoon.”

“How impressive.”

“A quarter-kilometer-long city wall was built in less than five minutes.”

“Marchioness Calmmoon began construction this morning. In a day’s time, she has already finished 30 kilometers. The four outer city walls are 100 kilometers long each. It will probably take her about two weeks to complete!” Many mortals were dumbfounded. This was the power of Godfiends! They were filled with confidence. Such mighty Godfiends could definitely withstand the demons.

They didn’t know that ordinary Godfiends were equally shocked. This was only possible when she combined her control over fire with her Darkstar domain. She had also achieved a Fire Dao, which was why she was able to construct the city walls easily.

In terms of building walls, I’m far inferior to Qiyue. Meng Chuan looked at this scene and shook his head.

Phew. After Liu Qiyue placed down another section of the massive city wall, the moat outside the city also extended by a quarter-kilometer. She turned her head and saw the distant Meng Chuan. She smiled and took a step forward. Mortals could no longer see her. If a Marquis Godfiend wanted to hide, ordinary Godfiends wouldn’t be able to see them, much less mortals.

Liu Qiyue flew over with a smile. “In another ten days, Jiang State Capital’s outer city walls will be completed.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273 - Refining Baneful Aura
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“You built the city really fast,” praised Meng

Chuan.

Liu Qiyue smiled and said, “When combining the Darkstar domain with my Fire Dao, I only need to melt the soil and rocks and shape it into a wall. Any Regis Godfiend can build a city faster than me with the Seamless domain.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

The Seamless domain was mysterious and strange. It had all kinds of unimaginable abilities. His body was powerful and could be said to be undying. He also had divine powers and unparalleled speed... Even so, he estimated that he was barely comparable to an ordinary Regis Godfiend. The more he knew, the more he realized how terrifying a Regis Godfiend was. Half of the strength of a Regis Godfiend came from the Seamless domain.

Coldness, heat, wind, lightning... These were things that could be generated by the Seamless domain with a single thought. This was something that could be described as manifesting the laws of nature with a mere thought.

Sin, grievance, lifespan—the Seamless domain could detect them. Even one’s Essence Soul could not escape the detection of the Seamless domain. As for offensive, defensive, and suppressive abilities, the Seamless domain far exceeded the Darkstar domain.

“Our Great Zhou Dynasty only wants to build dozens of cities. Building a city isn’t difficult,” said Meng Chuan. “What’s difficult is how we’re going to resist the demon monarchs’ attacks.”

“One million demon monarchs.” Liu Qiyue’s brows were filled with worry. Who knew what kind of nightmare it would be when one million demon monarchs wreaked havoc in the human world?

“Archean Mountain and Black Sand Grotto-Heaven are still building cities in the face of such a situation and are trying their best to protect mortals,” said Meng Chuan. “They must have some confidence. We will know the full plan when the war begins.”

“It does need to be kept a secret.” Liu Qiyue said, “In the past, there have been cases of Godfiends colluding with the Skydemon Sect. If news of one million demon monarchs storming their way into the human world spreads, more Godfiends will likely pledge allegiance to the enemy.” Although most Godfiends stood on the human side, there were all kinds of people. Likewise for Godfiends! At such a juncture, it was entirely possible and expected for a small number of betrayals to occur. The full plan to deal with the demons had to be kept a secret. The fewer that knew about it, the lower the possibility of information being leaked.

Even Meng Chuan didn’t know about it... This showed how confidential the matter was.

Most people in the prefecture and county cities had migrated to the large city by the time the Spring Festival came, but there wasn’t a festive mood. This was because the news had spread throughout the human world. As time passed, it became more and more widespread. Many mortals discussed it.

At night, in a residential area outside Jiang State Capital.

“All prefecture and county cities in the Great Zhou Dynasty and the Black Sand Dynasty have been abandoned because they know that they can’t defend them.” There were dozens of people gathered in the small yard.

A skinny youth whispered, “When one or two demon monarchs massacre a county city, we mortals are killed tragically. This time, one million demon monarchs are coming. I heard that there are only more than 10,000 Godfiends in the world. How are we to fend them off? One against a hundred?”

“Can we not fend them off?” “We are all in the state capital.”

The surrounding people whispered. It was a matter of life and death when demon monarchs were concerned.

“It will be difficult.” The skinny youth shook his head. “We have already shown our fear before the battle. The Godfiends are afraid and have retreated to the big cities. If the fight really begins, we might very well lose. Once we lose, we mortals will be slaughtered like pigs and sheep.”

“We can hide in the tunnels.”

“The state capital has a huge population. If we hide in the tunnels, powerful Godfiends will come.”

“Stupid.” The skinny youth scoffed. “In the past, we humans had powerful Godfiends reinforcing us when danger came. This is the real final battle. If we are completely defeated, how could there be any reinforcements? Without Godfiends, the demons will kill all of us.”

The people around him were flustered.

“I’ve heard of a solution. We have a chance of survival when the demons are massacring the others,” said the thin youth in a low voice mysteriously.

“What solution?” Everyone looked at him.

“When facing a demon monarch, shout that you are a spy from the Skydemon Sect,” said the thin youth. “Perhaps you will survive. The Skydemon Sect and the demons are in cahoots. The demons do not kill people from the Skydemon Sect.”

“Will the demon monarchs believe our words?”

The skinny youth scoffed. “There are one million demon monarchs. How would they know of the details? Besides, I’m just suggesting a way to save your life.”

Bam!

The door was suddenly kicked open.

A young man rushed in with several soldiers, causing the people inside to panic. The skinny youth’s expression changed drastically as he angrily shouted, “Ergou, what are you doing!” The youth named Ergou immediately pointed and said, “It’s him. He’s been trying to trick people into joining the Skydemon Sect and has spread the news of a million demon monarchs storming their way into the human world.”

“Take him away.” Several soldiers immediately charged forward.

The people—who had been listening to the commotion just now-did not dare to make a sound or stop them.

“I was just making a suggestion. I have nothing to do with the Skydemon Sect,” shouted the skinny youth immediately.

But the soldiers didn’t hold back at all.

The youth, Ergou, looked at the villagers he was familiar with and said loudly, “Uncles, I’ve served in the military for seven years. I’ve seen the deaths caused by demon monarchs. In the past, haven’t demon monarchs pathetically fled when they attack our hometowns? If the Godfiends can’t stop them, why would they need to work so hard to migrate all of us here? Since there are large cities everywhere in the world, they will definitely be able to fend them off.

“Besides, we humans have a history lasting tens of thousands of years. We have encountered many calamities. If we have survived them, we will survive this calamity. These demons can forget about wiping us out,” said the youth. “Yes. Since they have migrated everybody to the large cities, the Godfiends must be confident.”

“That’s right. Godfiends are more powerful and can easily kill demon monarchs. The construction of the cities is very fast. Marchioness Calmmoon managed to build a mountain-like city wall in less than five minutes. I heard that her husband, Marquis Eastcalm, is even stronger. He is also presiding over Jiang State Capital.”

Right now, the population of Jiang State Capital was close to 20 million. There were all kinds of people in the city. Many people were arrested daily.

Night.

Liu Qiyue returned to Meng Manor’s Lake Heart Pavilion. In the study, Meng Chuan was leisurely painting.

“You’re back?” Meng Chuan looked up and smiled at his wife.

“Yes. The demons have spread the news all over the world as expected. There are too many people discussing this matter in the city.” Liu Qiyue shook her head and said, “Although those who publicize it have been captured and sent to jail, most of it is just hearsay. However, I’ve still arranged for Godfiends to investigate the situation. The Skydemon Sect didn’t send most of the rumormongers; it is too rare to find an actual Skydemon Sect member.”

“Didn’t Archean Mountain already decide on a plan?” Meng Chuan smiled indifferently. “Let these people busy themselves until they are exhausted. They won’t be in the mood to join in such discussions when they are exhausted.”

Liu Qiyue looked at Meng Chuan. “What do you mean?”

“There are still people moving here,” said Meng Chuan. “There are so many people, and they need the corresponding buildings. For example, new Dao Academies and the imperial government’s buildings. All of them are extremely large buildings. Godfiends can build them quickly, but mortals can also build them!

“Firstly, they won’t have the time to chat if they are constructing all these buildings. Under such circumstances, if there are still people spreading the news, it’s likelier for them to be from the Skydemon Sect. Secondly, this will allow those people to earn more money. The migrants here are very anxious. They are probably afraid that the price of food in Jiang State Capital is very high.”

Liu Qiyue nodded slightly.

Those that could reside in prefecture and county cities were not destitute. However, Jiang State Capital was too densely populated. The amount of food consumed every day was astonishing, making the cost of food even higher. High daily expenses naturally worried people.

“By the way, Ah Chuan, have you completely refined the baneful aura?” asked Liu Qiyue.

“It should be done by tonight.” Meng Chuan calmly painted.

Late at night, in a chamber.

Meng Chuan sat cross-legged. A huge bronze calabash laid in front of him. A terrifying aura emanated as the surrounding void seemed to freeze. There were no fluctuations.

It was absolutely cold! Everything had turned still. Meng Chuan’s blood seemed to stop flowing. Even his particles seemed to freeze, but his powerful Undying body was able to withstand the freezing cold.Boom!

After nearly a year of refining Origins Returning baneful aura, his baneful aura domain had finally undergone a qualitative change.

Previously, he had felt like his body had been frozen completely. He had relied on his vitality to support himself. After his transformation, this terrifying ‘cold’ was no longer an enemy but a part of him. Meng Chuan felt a chill from the bottom of his heart. His entire body felt cool-a very comfortable feeling. The baneful aura—that had transformed-freely circulated within his body.

It’s done. Meng Chuan revealed a look of delight. No one has ever refined the Origins Returning baneful aura completely. I can confirm that it’s stronger than Turbid Yin Specter baneful aura and Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura. Among Regis Godfiends in history, my baneful aura domain has to be the strongest.

Not everyone could absorb and refine baneful auras. It depended on one’s Godfiend body.

When one attained a Lightning Devastator Fiend Body and became a Godfiend, baneful aura became a fundamental component of one’s body. That was why they could refine even stronger baneful auras.

In history, all Lightning Devastator Fiend Body Regis Godfiends had terrifying baneful aura domains.

Meng Chuan’s baneful aura domain was among the strongest!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274 - Frozen into Nothingness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 274 Frozen into Nothingness

After refining Origins Returning baneful aura completely, it was already late at night.

Liu Qiyue leaned on the bed headboard as she read dossiers. She always waited for Meng Chuan before they slept together.

Liu Qiyue looked up. “Ah Chuan.”

Meng Chuan walked into the room, took off his coat, and got on the bed. He leaned towards his wife.

Liu Qiyue couldn’t help but lean against her husband and whispered, “You refined the baneful aura completely?”.

“Yes, it’s just as I expected,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. “The Origins Returning baneful aura I received from Master was just a little more than needed.”

“Master was afraid that you wouldn’t have enough, so he naturally gave you more,” said Liu Qiyue, “How potent is your baneful aura domain after refining Origins returning baneful aura? Let me take a look.”

Meng Chuan extended his finger. A dark-cyan gas appeared on his fingertip. It looked like an ordinary, mysterious dark-cyan gas that did not affect the surroundings at all.

Liu Qiyue’s Darkstar domain was constantly active. Thus, she could sense a horrifying sensation coming from the dark-cyan gas. She couldn’t help but wrap her Quintessential Essence around her body to protect herself. Her instincts told her to be ready to cast Phoenix’s Nirvana at any given moment. She looked at the dark-cyan gas in horror. “Ah Chuan, it clearly doesn’t emit any power, but I can sense how terrifying it is. It’s like I’ll immediately die once it touches me. I wouldn’t even have time to cast Phoenix’s Nirvana.”

“Even Regis Godfiends have to rely on their Seamless domains to protect themselves. They won’t dare to touch it,” said Meng Chuan. “Even so, although they can withstand the baneful aura invading their body, their strength will be greatly reduced.”

“Impressive,” exclaimed Liu Qiyue.

“It’s considered the strongest baneful aura among Regis Godfiends,” said Meng Chuan. “Most of my combat strength now stems from it.”

Liu Qiyue said, “Ah Chuan, you’re a Marquis Godfiend, but you’re already so powerful...” “Firstly, I’m powerful because of my physical body mystic technique. I have an extremely tenacious vitality. In addition, I can refine baneful auras with my Lightning Devastator Fiend Body. Secondly, Master gave this Origins Returning baneful aura to me. This is a mysterious baneful aura obtained from outside this world by our Archean Mountain seniors. It’s now very difficult to find Turbin Yin Specter baneful aura and Extreme Earth Frost baneful aura in this world. Also, Origins Returning baneful aura is stronger than these two baneful auras.”

One needed strength and luck to refine such a powerful baneful aura completely.

“If the Origins Returning baneful aura were to be given to others, they might not be able to refine it completely,” said Liu Qiyue with a smile.

“Yes.” Meng Chuan shook his head gently. “Unfortunately, even after refining the Origins Returning baneful aura completely, I still feel flustered when faced with the upcoming final battle.”

Liu Qiyue nodded. “In the face of war, what we can do is limited. Ah Chuan, at least you can save people across the world.”

“There are so many greater demon monarchs attacking the various parts of the world. No matter how fast I am, how many places can I save?” said Meng Chuan softly. “A million demon monarchs are about to attack; I’m but just one person. What can I do?”

“You aren’t alone. There are still Regis Godfiends and Creation Supremacies in the world,” said Liu Qiyue. “I can’t see the path ahead. I can only kill my way through,” said Meng Chuan.

Liu Qiyue looked at her husband. “I’ll always be by your side.”

Meng Chuan couldn’t help but smile as he looked at his wife. He reached out and hugged her.

Liu Qiyue leaned into Meng Chuan’s embrace. She said softly, “I wonder if we will be able to see the day the human race wins the war.”

“I also wish to see that day,” Meng Chuan said softly.

The couple did not sleep that night and just chatted. They talked about the world, Jiang State Capital, their parents, their children...

Dawn.

Meng Chuan, who had finished practicing his saber art, was having breakfast with his wife. “Chuan’er.” Meng Dajiang arrived at Lake Heart Pavilion. “Dad.” Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue stood up.

Liu Qiyue asked, “Dad, do you want breakfast? I’ll get you a bowl.”

“I’ve already eaten.” Meng Dajiang chuckled and sat down. He seemed somewhat hesitant.

Meng Chuan smiled. “Dad, what do you have to say?”

Meng Dajiang looked at his son and whispered, “Chuan’er, I also need external materials for my cultivation. However, I don’t have much credit and can’t afford it. Therefore, I wish to borrow some credit from you.”

“You should have said so earlier. It’s such a trivial matter.” Meng Chuan and his wife, Liu Qiyue, exchanged looks. They were caught between laughter and tears.

His underground reconnaissance had to be kept a secret. Therefore, the vast majority of the public didn’t know how fast Meng Chuan earned credits. However, just providing reinforcements across the entire Great Zhou Dynasty allowed him to accumulate credit quickly; his speed at accumulating credit was comparable to a Regis Godfiend. “I want 1,030,000 credits,” said Meng Dajiang. He felt ashamed. Parents typically sacrificed everything for their children and gave them the best. He had never asked for Meng Chuan’s help all these years! However, he had no choice now. He couldn’t obtain more than a million credits elsewhere.

“Is that all? Dad, when your son is out fighting, I might kill a few demon monarchs in a stroke of good luck. The spoils of war are worth more than a million credits,” said Meng Chuan. In fact, he had been carrying out underground reconnaissance every day. He killed about 100 demon monarchs a day. The demon monarch corpses and his spoils of war earned him more than a million credits a day.

“I’ll write a letter to Archean Mountain and transfer five million credits to your name,” said Meng Chuan. “Use it for whatever you want.”

“Five million credits is too much,” said Meng Dajiang immediately. He was quite stressed about making such a request of his son for the first time. How could he accept five million credits?

“It’s not much, not much at all,” said Meng Chuan with a smile. With a flip of his hand, ink and paper appeared. He immediately began writing. The words contained his Quintessential Essence signature.

“Little Gray, quickly send this to Archean Mountain,” shouted Meng Chuan.

Swoosh.

The avian demon monarch, Aunt Hui, appeared and respectfully received the letter. “Yes, Master.” Immediately, she transformed into a gray bird and flew towards Archean Mountain.

Meng Dajiang didn’t oppose his son’s decision. He really did need the credit.

Meng Chuan stood up. “Dad, I’m going out. I have plenty of matters to attend to.”

Liu Qiyue also stood up. “I need to head over to Earth Net headquarters too.”

“You guys deal with your business.” Meng Dajiang knew that his son and daughter-in-law had a lot of things to deal with. Liu Qiyue was very busy with managing 20 million people and the migrations.

After leaving Lake Heart Pavilion, Meng Dajiang returned to his courtyard.

A million demon monarchs wreaking havoc in the world? Is the situation getting worse? Meng Dajiang sat in his yard and began practicing his saber calmly. I, Meng Dajiang, wished to create a miracle in the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage and become the number one Body Tempering Godfiend. I wanted to impress the Bai family so that I would have a chance of being reunited with Nianyun. Now, I’m 80 years old, but I’m still in the Indestructible realm. It’s impossible for the Bai family to look at me in a different light.

But I’m also a Godfiend. I can’t hide behind my son and daughter-in-law forever during this war. Can I? After cultivating for so many years and perusing the many saber art manuals my son got for me, I’ve finally achieved Saber Intent. There’s finally hope for me to become a Great Solar Body Tempering Godfiend.

Let’s give it a try.

Meng Dajiang had wanted to become stronger for many years. When he was young, he had wanted to make history in the Body Tempering Godfiend lineage and become the first Body Tempering Marquis Godfiend. Now, he had completely given up. Even his son couldn’t help him reunite with his wife, Bai Nianyun. All he could do was keep his hope close to his heart.

He still had the heart to fight demon monarchs. He didn’t want to hide behind others.

Meng Chuan spent 12 hours underground every day. How could he have noticed his father’s psychological changes when he was so exhausted?

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan continued his underground reconnaissance.

At a depth of 95 kilometers underground, Meng Chuan maintained his Divine Eye of Lightning and traveled at high speeds. He did his best to probe the area. He would seek out fourth Firmament demon monarchs several times a day, but it was mostly to no avail. However, he still persevered. Only if he persevered would he have hope of finding more fourth Firmament demon monarchs.

Huh? As Meng Chuan flew, he suddenly revealed a look of delight. Found it!

At a depth of 96 kilometers underground, there was a demon monarch lair. It was within Meng Chuan’s electromagnetic domain.

Three days after refining Origins Returning baneful aura completely, I discovered a fourth Firmament demon monarch. This is the fourth greater demon monarch I discovered underground in the past year. Meng Chuan was in an excellent mood. Lightning instantly erupted from his electromagnetic domain.

Meanwhile...

In the demon monarch lair, a fourth Firmament bear demon monarch was sleeping soundly. When electromagnetic waves swept over, his eyes suddenly opened. His huge, bright eyes were filled with shock and anger.

“A Godfiend. Hurry up and flee!” roared the bear demon monarch via voice transmission. His body shot up with a boom. He easily shattered all obstacles above him. To him, even the hard rocks were as fragile as tofu.

Crackle!

The electromagnetic domain generated countless lightning bolts. The lightning bolts flashed, and instantly, most of the mortal demons and demon monarchs in the cave abode were killed. Only three third Firmament demon monarchs survived, but their flesh and skin were burned black. They were severely injured.

Whoosh.

In the distorted void, a dark-cyan gas suddenly surged over.

“Oh?” The bear demon monarch-who was frantically fleeing-flew at high speeds with his two sledgehammers. He held them in his hands and was ready to fight back at any moment. However, he suddenly discovered a dark-cyan gas traveling through the distorted void.

Within the distorted void, the rocks weren’t obstacles to the dark-cyan gas. It was as though it had teleported directly in front of the bear demon monarch. The rock remained intact, but the dark-cyan gas appeared right in front of him.

“What’s that?” The bear demon monarch did not have a Darkstar domain, so his senses were not sharp enough. However, he still carefully struck out with his sledgehammer that was filled with an earthen-yellow demonic power.

Clang!

The sledgehammer reached the dark-cyan gas. However, the dark-cyan gas was really just gas. When it touched the sledgehammer, it naturally dispersed and enveloped the bear demon monarch. The bear demon monarch only felt an unimaginable coldness instantly spread from his chest to his entire body! Following that, he lost consciousness. The bear demon monarch’s body, including the sledgehammers, was frozen by the terrifying dark-cyan gas completely. A layer of frost covered them.

Whoosh.

Silently, the bear demon monarch’s body disintegrated into tiny particles that scattered through the underground cave abode. The two frozen sledgehammers in his hands also shattered into dozens of fragments. His clothes, storage bag, and other items shattered into pieces. Only a small number of objects remained.

Meng Chuan walked over from the other end of the distorted void. When he saw the bear demon monarch disintegrate into nothingness and an Earth-grade divine armament crack from the cold, he couldn’t help but sigh in astonishment.

My senses tell me that its frozen body has shattered into pieces completely. Even its fur and blood had been frozen and shattered. It was directly reduced to nothingness. There’s no need to use it unless necessary. Demon Slayer didn’t even manage to absorb its blood. Even 99% of my spoils of war were destroyed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275 - Imperial Lord
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Meng Chuan’s heart ached when he saw 99% of the bear demon monarch’s items destroyed by the baneful aura. There was almost nothing left.

Although these two sledgehammers have been shattered into dozens of pieces, they can still be melted in the furnace. Archean Mountain usually melts demon monarch weapons for their raw materials, even if they are shattered. Meng Chuan waved his hand and stored the fragments of the sledgehammers away. He then looked at the other items. The storage bag had shattered into nothingness. Even the items in the storage bag had been destroyed; only a small portion remained.

Some red and purple residue were left behind, their composition unknown.

Oh? There’s a complete one here. Among the remnants, Meng Chuan discovered the only complete item. With a wave of his hand, the item flew out and landed on his palm. It was a palm-sized bear statue; it was pitch-black, and it stood there quietly. Meng Chuan was in a daze when he saw it.

11

He vaguely saw a towering bear that was hundreds of thousands of feet tall; it looked like the ruler of the world. It calmly walked on the ground. Every step it took caused the earth to tremble and mountains to quake. It had annihilative might.

What’s this? Meng Chuan was puzzled. It must be extraordinary if it can survive my baneful aura. I’ll ask Master when I head back to Archean Mountain.

Meng Chuan returned to the demon monarch lair. Under his electromagnetic domain, the three heavily injured third firmament demon monarchs naturally couldn’t escape. They were all killed by Meng Chuan’s Darkstar Quintessential Essence from afar. The electromagnetic domain naturally produces lightning. Although it’s weaker and unable to kill more than half of the ordinary third Firmament demon monarchs, who do miscellaneous chores, it won’t destroy the spoils of war at the very least. After putting away the demon monarch corpses and spoils of war, Meng Chuan’s heart ached when he thought of the destruction of 99% of the bear demon monarch’s items.

That evening

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan rushed back to Archean Mountain and handed over the demon monarch corpses and spoils of war that he had obtained over the past few days. Archean Mountain Lord was in charge of dealing with such trivial matters.

While they were doing this, Qin Wu was discussing with an illusory Luo Tang in a pavilion in Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

“Such arrangements aren’t bad.” The illusory Luo Tang looked at the dossier. “But it can still be adjusted.”

Qin Wu suddenly raised his head and looked into the distance.

“What’s wrong?” asked the illusory Luo Tang.

“Meng Chuan is here,” said Qin Wu. “He’s likely here to deliver demon monarch corpses and his spoils of war.” Luo Tang frowned slightly. “Qin Wu, have you thought it through? How are you going to use Meng Chuan during the final battle?”

Qin Wu frowned. “I’m also in a dilemma.”

The illusory Luo Tang said, “In terms of speed, there’s nothing to say. He’s faster than me. However, if he isn’t strong enough, sending him on rescue missions will be sending him to his death. He won’t be rescuing anyone if he has lacking strength.”

Qin Wu stood up. “Follow me.”

“Where to?” The illusory Luo Tang was puzzled.

“We need to test his strength to figure out exactly how strong this disciple of mine is. Only then can I give him a suitable mission during the final battle,” said Qin Wu.

Inside an Archean Mountain grotto-heaven.

Batches of demon monarch corpses and spoils of war flooded out of Meng Chuan’s pocket grotto-heaven. Archean Mountain watched as more and more demon monarch corpses piled up. He couldn’t help but praise Meng Chuan. “Junior brother Meng, I find it such a joy to see you throw out so many demon monarch corpses every time you come back. In the past year, other Archean Mountain Godfiends haven’t killed as many demon monarchs as you.”

“In the past half a month, I’ve killed 1,235 ordinary demon monarchs.” Meng Chuan threw out the last demon monarch corpse before he smiled and said, “The demon monarchs are cunning. It’s harder to kill them above ground. Regardless of how cunning they are, they will be discovered by me when I carry out underground reconnaissance unless they are far from land, Sometimes, stupid methods are the best solutions.”

“This stupid method... can only be employed by you and King White Treasure at the moment.” Qin Wu’s voice sounded.

Meng Chuan and Archean Mountain Lord turned their heads and bowed respectfully.

At that moment, Qin Wu and the illusory Luo Tang walked over.

“Well done.” Qin Wu looked at the pile of demon monarch corpses. “However, the demon monarchs are very cunning. King White Treasure has been killing demon monarchs in Black Sand Dynasty for ten years, causing many of them to flee to the Great Zhou Dynasty and the Great Yue Dynasty. Meng Chuan, if you continue like this... the demon monarchs will probably escape one after another. In the future, there might be fewer to kill.”

“The world is only so big. Where can they hide? At most, I’ll carry out underground reconnaissance throughout the entire world,” said Meng Chuan.

Qin Wu nodded with a smile. “Good.”

“Mountain Lord.” Meng Chuan looked at Archean Mountain Lord and said, “I haven’t handed over my spoils of war. In the past half-month, I killed a fourth Firmament demon monarch.”

“Fourth Firmament demon monarch?” Archean Mountain Lord’s eyes lit up. “Where are its remains?” He knew that Demon Slayer could devour blood, but some remnants of a fourth Firmament demon monarch corpse would typically be left behind.

“I used my baneful aura, and it froze the demon monarch’s corpse before shattering into nothingness,” said Meng Chuan helplessly. “Nothing was left behind! Even its storage bag has completely disintegrated. There are still some weapons and items left.”

With that said, he waved his hand. A large number of the two sledgehammers’ fragments appeared beside them. There were also some remnant materials. Since the baneful aura could not destroy them, the materials definitely had extraordinary origins.

“Even these two sledgehammers have shattered to pieces?” Qin Wu walked over and carefully observed the two sledgehammers’ fragments. He could not help but be astonished. “After refining Origins Returning baneful aura, your baneful aura is indeed impressive.”

Luo Tang nodded in praise. “What a potent baneful aura.”

“After that bear demon monarch died, the only item left intact was this.” Meng Chuan flipped his hand and took out the bear statue.

Qin Wu and Luo Tang’s eyes lit up.

“It’s a rare treasure. It’s worth 30 million credits,” said Qin Wu.

“Master, what’s this?” Meng Chuan was puzzled.

“A demon heritage,” explained Qin Wu. “It’s a heritage left behind by a bear demon that has reached the Imperial Lord realm.”

“Imperial Lord? Above the demon sage realm?” Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up. Of course he knew about Imperial Lords. For example, the most recent human Imperial Lord was Imperial Lord Blacksand. He had nearly unified the world under his banner.

“The Demon Realm is larger than the human world. They have way more experts than us,” said Qin Wu. “Therefore, there are many Imperial Lords. In this era, the demons have three Imperial Lords. In the demons’ long history, more than 1000 Imperial Lords have been born. Therefore, there are quite a number of heritages. This statue only contains one move of an Imperial Lord. It’s something the Imperial Lords bestow to their subordinates.”Meng Chuan nodded.

“This move is more suitable for demons. It’s very helpful for demons’ body cultivation,” said Qin Wu. “Human bodies are completely different from demon bodies. It’s much less useful to us, but it’s still left behind by an Imperial Lord. Even if it’s used as a reference, exchanging it for 30 million credits is still worth it.”

“A bear demon Imperial Lord?” Meng Chuan realized that the towering, terrifying bear demon he saw was an Imperial Lord.

“There are too few human Imperial Lords.” Qin Wu shook his head. “The most recent human Imperial Lord was Imperial Lord Black Sand. Back then, there was an impressive grandmaster named Grandsire Yin Yang. Although Grandsire Yin Yang was a Creation Supremacy, his techniques had already reached the standards of an Imperial Lord. The Two World Divine Body technique he created is one of the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend Bodies. In terms of contribution to the human race, Grandsire Yin Yang’s contribution is even higher than that of Imperial Lord Black Sand.

“It was because of the Black Sand Grotto-Heaven’s internal conflicts that Grandsire Yin Yang plotted against Imperial Lord Black Sand, which led to Imperial Lord Black Sand’s eventual demise,” said Qin Wu wistfully. “If they were completely united, they would probably have united the world in that era.”

Meng Chuan nodded.

There were only 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies in the human Godfiend cultivation system. Dragon Divine Body and Phoenix Divine Body were both divine bodies that required specific bloodlines. Strictly speaking, humans had only created ten transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies. Every pioneer was outstanding. Their talent was ranked at the top in human history.

“If an Imperial Lord is born in our era, we can end the war completely.” Luo Tang shook her head. “However, it’s just too difficult. Humanity typically produces one Imperial Lord once every 100,000 years. This is only the average time it takes for an Imperial Lord to rise. Sometimes, two or three dazzling figures exist together in the same era. Sometimes, there will be no Imperial Lord for hundreds of thousands of years.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276 - Verification
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“As for the demons, they have several Imperial Lords every era. Their foundations are much weaker,” said Luo Tang. “Luckily, we have the geographical advantage. The top demon experts are unable to enter the human world at all. The demons’ powerful treasures... Without the Demon Realm’s powers to rely on, their effects are drastically reduced in the human world. They might even be useless. The protective stone talisman your master gave you can only be used in the human world,” said Luo Tang. “It’s useless once you leave the human world.”

Meng Chuan understood. These single-use treasures didn’t contain their own strength, so they naturally had to have a source of power. After leaving the original world, most of these treasures lost their power sources.

“There are many Imperial Lords in the demons’ history. For this war, they have probably bestowed quite the number of treasures to fourth Firmament demon monarchs.” Luo Tang shook her head gently. “I wonder when we will produce an Imperial Lord.”

Imperial Lord? Meng Chuan sighed inwardly.

The Heart Intent Saber Art—which he learned —came from Senior Guo Ke. Although he was a Regis Godfiend, his strongest saber movewhich he had created when he was old-had also reached the Imperial Lord level. With his saber, he was invincible in his era. However, Guo Ke was much weaker than Grandsire Yin Yang. Guo Ke only had one saber move that had reached the Imperial Lord level! Grandsire Yin Yang had created a complete transcendent-grade Godfiend body formula and several ultimate techniques that formed a whole system. In the past, Black Sand Grotto-Heaven suppressed Two World Island, but all thanks to Grandsire Yin Yang, it remained standing.

“The birth of an Imperial Lord, the appearance of an expert with an eighth-level Essence Soul, or something else...” said Qin Wu. “As long as one appears, we will win the war.”

“But each is very difficult to achieve,” said the illusory Luo Tang.

Qin Wu put away the bear demon statue and said, “Meng Chuan, the final battle will begin any moment now. Luo Tang and I are discussing how you will be deployed.”

Luo Tang explained, “Now, it’s estimated that 700 fourth Firmament demon monarchs will attack together. There are only so many large cities, so it’s impossible for them to act alone. The greatest possibility... is that they will work together in teams. Among the 700 fourth Firmament demon monarchs, there are many peak fourth Firmament demon monarchs. They will choose the most suitable partners to cooperate with them. Then, they will match the treasures that the demon Imperial Lords’ bestowed on them.

“Every fourth Firmament demon monarch team will probably have the strength of an ordinary fifth Firmament demon monarch,” said the illusory Luo Tang, “It’s even possible for a newly-advanced fifth Firmament demon monarch to be hidden amongst them.”

Qin Wu nodded. “If you aren’t strong enough, you will die by the hands of demons if we deploy you as a reinforcement... Thus, Luo Tang and I want to verify your strength before you can be deployed.”

“Alright.” Meng Chuan nodded. He also wanted to test his full strength. Only with a clear understanding of his strength could they decide on how they would deploy him.

“You can fight Archean Mountain Lord,” said Luo Tang

The white-haired Archean Mountain Lord smiled at Meng Chuan. “Junior Brother Meng, you have to be careful.”

“Fight Mountain Lord?” Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up. Archean Mountain Lord was the nominal leader of Archean Mountain. Furthermore, he was more than 400 years old. After living for so long, Archean Mountain Lord’s strength was definitely extraordinary among Regis Godfiends.

“Both of you don’t need to think too much,” instructed Qin Wu. “Use all your strength. With me around, nothing will happen.”

“Yes.” Archean Mountain Lord was deep in thought. He had previously thought of holding back. After all, once a killer move was used, it could kill.

Within this grotto-heaven, Meng Chuan and Archean Mountain Lord looked at each other. Qin Wu and the illusory Luo Tang watched from afar.

“Mountain Lord, try this baneful aura of mine,” said Meng Chuan. A dark-cyan gas emanated from his body. After all, this was a test of strength, not a life-and-death battle. Meng Chuan first used his baneful aura, the ability he was most unsure of. He wanted to let his opponent feel the strength of his baneful aura fully.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The dark-cyan gaseous baneful aura quickly spread out. The surrounding Heaven and Earth tried to suppress it, but it couldn’t be held back. Frost was left in its wake.

“This baneful aura is truly powerful.” Luo Tang, who was watching by the side, praised. “Even Archean Mountain Lord’s Five Directions World domain can’t suppress it.”

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Archean Mountain Lord was forced to protect himself from the dark-cyan baneful aura once it was within 30 feet of him. He used his black Quintessential Essence and Seamless domain to stop the dark-cyan baneful aura from advancing any further.

“Junior Brother Meng, your baneful aura is indeed impressive. Although I can block it, the surrounding area has been frozen. I only have 50 percent of my normal speed,” said Archean Mountain Lord. “However, I typically don’t need to move when I fight.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a towering illusory black giant appeared. Black light swirled around the illusory giant’s 1000-feet-tall body. Archean Mountain Lord levitated inside the illusory giant’s body.

Meng Chuan’s dark-cyan baneful aura attacked the giant, but it could only affect the giant’s speed. Archean Combat Body? Meng Chuan realized what the illusory giant was.

Among the 12 transcendent-grade Godfiend bodies, the Thirteen Swordbane Fiend Body had the greater long-range offensive power. However, it was a glass cannon. The Samsara Divine Body was the most well-rounded in close combat. The Archean Divine Body was the most well-rounded in long-range attacks.

The two were very similar. This was because both required one to cultivate the five elements. One needed to combine five different elemental Intents. The Samsara Divine Body was slightly more difficult to cultivate because it used the five elements to cultivate one’s physical body. The Archean Divine Body used the five elements to cultivate an illusory combat body. This illusory body didn’t have the limitations of a physical body, so it was naturally very powerful. However, the body was relatively weak. Once the illusory body was destroyed, one wouldn’t be far from death.

If one’s illusory combat body couldn’t withstand an attack, then their Quintessential Essence also wouldn’t withstand the attack either.

Meng Chuan was looking forward to facing an Archean Combat Body.

“Junior Brother Meng, take this.” Archean Mountain Lord waved his palm.

Immediately, the black illusory giant struck out with its palm. When it first struck out, the palm was only about 100 feet wide. As the palm approached Meng Chuan, the giant’s arm extended, and its palm rapidly expanded. The 2,000-foot-long arm and 1000-foot-wide palm approached Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan looked up. He felt the surrounding void rapidly pressing down on him, but he didn’t dodge the palm. He just raised his head and allowed the huge palm to slam down heavily.Clang!

The ground trembled as a gigantic palm-shaped crater formed.

“What?” Archean Mountain Lord raised his palm and discovered Meng Chuan flying out of the crater as his body glowed. The void around Meng Chuan collapsed and distorted.

Meng Chuan wasn’t injured at all. He raised his head and smiled. “Mountain Lord, this palm strike of yours is quite powerful. It made my ears buzz. However, its power was scattered all over my body. It hasn’t even broken my skin.”

Qin Wu and Luo Tang’s eyes lit up as they watched from afar.

“What’s going on? That palm is definitely a peak Regis Godfiend attack,” said Luo Tang immediately. “Qin Wu, take a careful look. Why is his body so powerful? Is he that powerful at the Undying realm?”

Qin Wu’s true body was present; thus, he could see the secrets of Meng Chuan’s body in a single glance. “Meng Chuan’s body is as tough as a fifth Firmament demon monarch’s. Furthermore, he used a divine power to withstand that palm strike. It’s that glow that’s emitting from his body. This divine power allowed his body’s defense to increase once again. It’s as though his entire body is covered in a layer of armor! The strike was greatly weakened by the armor. When the remaining force reached Meng Chuan’s body, it caused his body to tremble and bleed internally. However, he recovered instantly.”

“An Undying realm expert can instantly recover even if their body is pulverized.” Luo Tang sighed in amazement. “I’ve read the introduction of this cultivation system and know that an Undying Body has extremely tenacious vitality. However, I never expected it to be this tough. This is the first time I’ve seen an Undying realm expert. No wonder Ancestral Master Archean Eon placed this cultivation system which peaks at the Blood Droplet realm in the human world-in Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven.” “Meng Chuan, use your full strength,” shouted Qin Wu, “Don’t just take a beating.” “Yes,” replied Meng Chuan immediately.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277 - Meng Chuan vs Archean Mountain Lord
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Junior Brother, feel free to attack.” Archean Mountain Lord stood in midair. He had been a Regis Godfiend for nearly 300 years, and he cultivated the Archean Divine Body. His mastery over his techniques was immense. Now that he was fighting against someone weaker-akin to a bully-it was naturally easier for him to deal with a Marquis Godfiend. He could tell that his junior brother’s body was extraordinary, but his attacking prowess was limited.

Meng Chuan stood there. Within 1,000 feet, the void around him collapsed and distorted. It was difficult for the void to withstand the combined power of his Undying Body’s countless particles.

“Senior Brother, be careful.” Meng Chuan instantly drew his saber and moved.

It was as though he had teleported as traveled through the void. With a single step, he arrived beside the 1,000-foot-tall illusory giant. The saber beam instantly pierced toward the illusory giant’s chest. This was because Archean Mountain Lord was at the giant’s chest.

Dragon Roar Stance! This was the first time Meng Chuan had used his full strength after reaching the Undying realm. This move contained his naturally-possessed Lightning Devastator Fiend Body speed and his Undying Body’s strength. The Dragon Roar Stance was Meng Chuan’s best penetrating attack.

Pfft.

Layers of black light surrounded the illusory giant’s chest as it caved in, doing their best to withstand the attack.

This saber attack is at the level of a Regis Godfiend. Archean Mountain Lord was astonished. If I were careless and was forced out of my defensive combat body by a Marquis-level junior brother, that would be a joke. He instantly became nervous.

When an Archean Divine Body Godfiend reached a certain cultivation realm, they would cultivate two combat bodies. One was for killing enemies, while the other was for protecting themselves.

“Junior Brother, your saber techniques aren’t bad.” Archean Mountain Lord used a finger technique. The illusory giant’s fingers began moving. The five huge fingers danced as spacetime distorted. It was difficult to see the fingers with the naked eye. The distorted spacetime made Meng Chuan feel extremely uncomfortable when moving. He clearly wanted to advance, but spacetime kept distorting, warping his path.

Black Metal Sutra-Archean Seal Art. Meng Chuan understood what technique Archean Mountain Lord was using. Every Archean Divine Body Godfiend would cultivate it. Despite knowing this, Meng Chuan still felt aggrieved and uncomfortable.

If I want to escape, I have to flee in one direction. However, if I want to storm my way over, I have to break through the obstruction of those two palms. Those two palms are now 1,000 feet wide. They are like two mountains in front of me.

Meng Chuan had a headache. However, he still used Swallow Stance. His figure was ghost-like.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Fast and unpredictable, Meng Chuan instantly circled the illusory giant as he searched for an opportunity to get closer to Archean Mountain Lord.

“Junior Brother, your movement technique sure is fast.” Archean Mountain Lord smiled as the giant’s arm suddenly extended. A palm instantly appeared in front of Meng Chuan. The giant fingers danced as spacetime distorted. Meng Chuan wanted to dodge the palm, but he failed. His vision blurred as a gigantic finger appeared in front of him.

Not good.

The finger was 500 feet long. The five elements around the finger were chaotic as spacetime distorted. The finger struck Meng Chuan in an exquisite, intricate manner.

Pfft.

Meng Chuan’s body trembled as blood sprayed out from his pores. However, the sprayed blood flew back into his body. Meng Chuan was sent flying hundreds of feet away. With a flash, he arrived behind the illusory giant.

“Junior Brother, your body is in no way inferior to a fifth Firmament demon monarch,” said Archean Mountain Lord with a smile. The illusory giant’s back was clearly facing Meng Chuan, but the head twisted 180°. His palms naturally welcomed Meng Chuan.

Meng Chuan didn’t say a word.

The difference in technique realm is too great. This senior brother of mine has long reached the Dharma Domain realm. His moves are more exquisite than mine. Although my Undying Body and saber arts can influence the void, he can control the Five Elements and affect spacetime.

Meng Chuan sensed that the closer he got to Archean Mountain Lord, the more spacetime distorted. It was very difficult for him to unleash his strength fully. If I don’t use all my strength, I won’t be able to threaten Senior Brother at all.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Suddenly, a bell rang.

A Soul-Buster Bell flew out. Invisible to the naked eye, the bell struck the other party.

Baneful aura domain! Meng Chuan no longer released only a single wisp of baneful aura. Instead, he unleashed his full strength. A majestic dark-cyan baneful aura erupted from Meng Chuan and spread in all directions, enveloping a 1000-foot-wide area.

“Oh?” The pair of huge palms that were about to strike Meng Chuan hadn’t even touched him. Just 1,000 feet away, they were attacked by a large amount of baneful aura. The terrifying frost baneful aura assaulted the giant from every direction. The volume of baneful aura was much greater than before. The terrifying chill made Archean Mountain Lord’s expression change slightly. He could feel his Quintessential Essence—that circulated around his combat body-slowing down due to the chill.

Even my Quintessential Essence has slowed down under this baneful aura domain? Archean Mountain Lord couldn’t believe it. Also, his Essence Soul mystic technique... I’ve cultivated for 400 years, but his Essence Soul is of similar strength to mine? Archean Mountain Lord also had a Soul-Buster in his sea of consciousness. He also had a fourth-level Essence Soul. He resisted Meng Chuan’s Soul-Buster Bell, but it was clear that he didn’t hold an advantage when it came to Essence Souls.

He’s slowed down! Meng Chuan was delighted when he saw the illusory giant’s palms slow down. He had unparalleled speed, so he naturally had a larger advantage now that his opponent had slowed down. This was also the reason why Meng Chuan chose to follow the frost baneful aura path when he was completing his Nine Refinements. It was mainly to complement his speed.

Whoosh.

Once Archean Mountain Lord’s palm attacks slowed down, no matter how exquisite they were, their effectiveness against Meng Chuan would be greatly reduced. Meng Chuanwhose body was glowing-rushed into the area of distorted spacetime and headed toward the illusory giant’s chest. Without any hesitation, he executed saber move after saber move. He executed the Heart Saber Stance every time!

Yin and Yang changed.

A strange force penetrated the illusory giant’s body and was weakened to 20 to 30 percent of its original might. It continued charging towards Archean Mountain Lord’s real body.

When Meng Chuan had previously executed Dragon Roar Stance-his most penetrating move-he hadn’t even managed to break through Archean Mountain Lord’s combat body. After that, he knew the only move that could threaten Archean Mountain Lord was Heart Saber Stance.

“Oh?” Through his Seamless domain, Archean Mountain Lord could clearly sense that the strange force only had 20 to 30 perfect of its original strength left. He smiled slightly. Relying on only his Seamless domain, the strange force weakened as it crossed multiple layers of Quintessential Essence. The strange force dissipated before it even reached his body.

Even that doesn’t work? A sharp glint flashed in Meng Chuan’s eyes. He held his saber with both hands and cleaved down.

Break!The saber slashed at the illusory giant.

Boom!

The entire grotto-heaven suddenly trembled as a terrifying bolt of lightning shot out from Meng Chuan’s hands. It followed Demon Slayer and struck the illusory giant’s chest. The huge bolt of lightning was blinding, startling Qin Wu and Luo Tang. The black light around the illusory giant’s chest tried to block the lightning, but it couldn’t withstand such a terrifying strike due to Archean Mountain Lord’s decreased Quintessential Essence circulation speed—which was a result of Meng Chuan’s frost baneful aura domain.

Bang!

The layers of black light surrounding the giant’s chest were blasted apart. The lightning bolt flew towards the shocked Archean Mountain Lord.

Heaven’s Wrath-one of Meng Chuan’s three divine powers!

Among his three divine powers, this was Meng Chuan’s strongest killer move after reaching the Undying realm. He could release up to 30 percent of the lightning in his body at once. Every particle in his body contained lightning, causing Meng Chuan to have an immense amount of lightning inside his body. Although he had an Essence Soul Thought in each particle space-giving him great control over his particle spaces-his body could only withstand unleashing 30 percent of the lightning in his body.

Meng Chuan could only cast Heaven’s Wrath —his ultimate move—three times in a row.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278 - The Creation-Realm Corpse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This lightning! Archean Mountain Lord didn’t dare to be negligent. The lightning made him feel the threat of death.

“Rise.” With a thought, a ten-foot-tall black figure surrounded Archean Mountain Lord’s body. It was only slightly bigger than Archean Mountain Lord. Black light surrounded it; its long hair draped over its shoulders. Its expressionless appearance was simple and unadorned. However, its weight far exceeded the 1,000-foot-tall illusory giant. It was a protective combat body that was only used for defense. Its defensive capabilities were several times greater than that of the illusory giant.

Boom! Boom! The lightning bolt traveled toward Archean Mountain Lord. Meng Chuan charged through the hole in the illusory giant’s chest. He held his saber and attacked Archean Mountain Lord’s true body.

The lightning broke through the Seamless domain’s Quintessential Essence layers and struck the ten-foot-tall black figure. The black light around the black figure swirled, exuding an incomparably menacing aura.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

Meng Chuan’s baneful aura domain naturally followed as he rushed toward Archean Mountain Lord.

As the baneful aura domain froze the black figure, Meng Chuan slashed again! Open! He cast Heaven’s Wrath again.

The terrifying lightning bolt struck the black figure before Meng Chuan’s dazzling saber beams followed.

Tiger Roar Stance. Meng Chuan cleaved down.

This junior brother of mine is really ruthless. Archean Mountain Lord grinned slightly. He formed a seal with his fingers as the black figure resisted the baneful aura domain, Heaven’s Wrath, and Meng Chuan’s numerous saber beams. None of them destroyed the black figure.

Suppress! The illusory giant shrunk to 100 feet before throwing a punch at Meng Chuan. The illusory giant threw punch after punch at Meng Chuan. In the blink of an eye, the illusory had punched dozens of times. These punches caused the surrounding void to form a void wave—they were like ocean waves.

Boom!

The void distorted with a rumble as it surged in all directions like waves. The waves came from all directions. No matter how brilliant Meng Chuan’s movement technique was, he couldn’t dodge them all.

Boom!

As Meng Chuan sank into the waves, the void waves made his body vibrate, causing his organs to suffer damage. However, these minor injuries instantly vanished, thanks to his Undying Body and astonishing vitality.

Whoosh.

Meng Chuan was unable to resist the attack. He landed on the ground only after he was swept 1.5 kilometers away by the void waves.

Archean Mountain Lord cupped his hands and smiled. “Junior Brother, your lightning saber art is impressive. I can only force you into a retreat, but I can’t injure you at all.” “Senior Brother, your moves and technique realm are indeed far above mine.” Meng Chuan was sincerely convinced of Archean Mountain Lord’s strength. He had used his most powerful technique, but it had only reached his senior brother’s 10-foot-tall protective combat body. He was unable to do anything to the protective combat body and was eventually forced back by his senior brother.

In the distance, Qin Wu and Luo Tang smiled when they saw this.

“He’s much stronger than I expected,” said Luo Tang with a smile. “With his baneful aura domain, he has the strength of a peak Regis Godfiend. His escaping abilities are even stronger. He has an Undying Body, and his baneful aura domain can freeze his surroundings. His speed is unparalleled. Few Regis Godfiends can kill him.”

Qin Wu nodded. “His life-preservation abilities are considered top-notch among Regis Godfiends. Although there are a few rather powerful Archean Mountain Regis Godfiends, only King True Martial can kill Meng Chuan. The other Regis Godfiends, including King White Elephant and King Calm Sea, can’t kill him.”

Among Archean Mountain’s current Regis Godfiends, King True Martial was the strongest! The Regis Godfiends that had entered Archean Eon Grotto-Heaven and were still alive were King True Martial and King Calm Sea. King True Martial was old, but he had unfathomable strength.

“The stronger demons in the human world are mostly fourth Firmament demon monarchs,” said Luo Tang with a smile, “Even if they make a breakthrough, they are only newly-advanced fifth Firmament demon monarchs. They aren’t a threat to Meng Chuan. According to our intelligence, other than Demon Sage Nine Abyss, no demon can threaten Meng Chuan in the human world. As for Demon Sage Nine Abyss... it’s the only demon sage to enter the human world. It won’t risk its life easily.”

“Yes.” Qin Wu nodded with a smile. “During the final battle, Meng Chuan can play a greater role. However, I still have to think of a way to make up for his shortcomings.” “What do you mean?” asked Luo Tang.

After the exchange of blows between Meng Chuan and Archean Mountain Lord, they became even more impressed with each other.

Archean Mountain Lord was shocked by the astonishing potential of his junior brother. Meng Chuan wasn’t far from reaching his current strength. Meng Chuan also realized that there was still a difference in strength between him and his senior brother.

“Master, Supremacy.” Meng Chuan walked over and bowed to Qin Wu and Luo Tang. Archean Mountain Lord also bowed.

Qin Wu and Luo Tang smiled.

“We tested your strength to determine how you will be deployed during the final battle,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “From the looks of it, you barely have the strength of a peak Regis Godfiend with your baneful aura domain aiding you. Although your defensive and escaping abilities are very good, your offensive abilities are still a little weak.”

“Yes,” admitted Meng Chuan. “Most of my strength comes from my baneful aura domain.”

With his baneful aura domain aiding him, he could barely be considered a peak Regis Godfiend. He was lacking in killing moves. His divine power-Heaven’s Wrath-wasn’t bad, but he could only use it three times consecutively.

“You don’t have to be disheartened,” said Qin Wu, “It’s already not bad to have such strength after cultivating for only a few decades.”

“Junior Brother’s talent is impressive. In the future, when he becomes a Regis Godfiend, he will definitely be one of the strongest,” praised Archean Mountain Lord. “Compared to Junior Brother, I feel like I’m much more mediocre.”

Though the position of nominal sect leader seemed to be quite distinguished, this position was typically given to Regis Godfiends with lacking cultivation potential. For example, King Calm Sea was still young, but his strength was above that of Archean Mountain Lord. He had the greatest chance of becoming a Creation Supremacy. Archean Mountain didn’t want him to waste his time dealing with many trivial matters. King True Martial and the other talented Regis Godfiends didn’t have to handle any trivial matters either.

“Hahaha, alright. Let’s go out.” Qin Wu laughed.

The illusory Luo Tang dissipated as Archean Mountain Lord left to do his work.

“I’ll take my leave as well.” Meng Chuan bowed.

“Don’t be in a rush to leave. I still have something to tell you,” said Qin Wu. Meng Chuan immediately followed his master back to Grotto-Heaven Pavilion.

Within Grotto-heaven Pavilion, Qin Wu sat there and leisurely poured himself a cup of tea. The tea was still steaming. He held the cup of tea and smiled at Meng Chuan. “After discussing with Luo Tang, we’ve decided that you will act alone during the final battle. You will be responsible for rescuing various cities.”

Rescue? Meng Chuan’s eyes lit up.

“Your strength is sufficient for you to act alone,” said Qin Wu. “Don’t worry. We have a detailed plan for dealing with the final battle. You only play a tiny role.”

“Yes,” replied Meng Chuan obediently.

“Compared to everything else, your offensive means are a little weak. There’s nothing you can do about that. After all, you haven’t reached the Dharma Domain realm.” Supremacy Qin waved his hand, and a corpse appeared in the garden beside him.

Meng Chuan was stunned by the corpse. It was about 30 feet tall. It had three pairs of black-scaled wings and a curved horn on each side of its head. The size of its palm was larger than that of a human body. Every finger was like a hook.Although the corpse’s aura was restrained, Meng Chuan still felt oppressed. This was a natural pressure brought about by the differences in life’s natural order.

“This is an alien corpse at the Creation realm,” said Qin Wu. “Our Archean Mountain ancestor killed it in an outer realm and brought it back. This alien cultivated its body. It died a long time ago, but its body doesn’t decay. You can take it with you and use your Demon Slayer to devour it for two hours a day. It will probably take half a month for Demon Slayer to devour the corpse completely.” “Let Demon Slayer devour it?” Meng Chuan looked at the corpse in disbelief.

How many credits did a Creation-realm corpse cost?

“It’s just a corpse. It’s nothing to Archean Mountain,” said Qin Wu with a smile. “The powerful Godfiends of Archean Mountain will all be nurtured. You are only one of them.”

This was the truth. Archean Mountain thought of ways to make King True Martial, King Calm Sea, and the others stronger. That way, they could play a larger role in the final battle.

“Go, go. Don’t just stand there.” Qin Wu waved his hand and picked up the dossier beside him.

“Yes, Master.” Meng Chuan didn’t think too much about it. He immediately put away the Creation-realm alien corpse into the Grotto-Heaven Magic Bead before quickly leaving

Only then did Qin Wu put down the dossier. As he watched Meng Chuan disappear into the horizon, he muttered to himself, “There’s still too little time. Meng Chuan’s talent is high, but he still needs time to grow slowly. I hope that by holding out longer, there will be a miracle!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279 - Demon Monarch Mo Nan’s Arrival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The night was hazy, and the crescent moon hung high in the sky.

Meng Chuan flew high in the sky and looked down at the vast land. He could see the people who lived in the wilderness with his vision. Most of them hid when it was light outside and worked at night. As the adults worked, the children played by the side. Some practiced their fighting moves seriously.

“Hide when it’s light outside and work at night?” Meng Chuan muttered softly. “At night, the demon monarchs have reduced visibility. The night has become a form of protection. What a joke. All the cities have been abandoned.”

As Meng Chuan flew, he passed by county and prefecture cities. They were all completely dark; this darkness left Meng Chuan feeling stifled.

There are only a few large cities left in the Great Zhou Dynasty. Meng Chuan finally saw a large city. There were more than ten million people in the bustling city, but everyone in the city was equally worried. The news of a million demon monarchs invading the human world had long spread.

The Great Zhou Dynasty, including the seven large city passes, has a total of 61 large cities. The seven large city passes—Luo Tang Pass included-had populations of over 20 million. Ever since the migration began, large city passes—Calm Sea Pass, Swallow Mountain Pass, White Elephant Pass, etc.—had taken in over ten million people. Countless people in the wilderness live around the Great Zhou Dynasty’s 61 large cities. With large cities, there is hope. If they earn enough money, they can migrate to the city. If their children are talented enough, they can be sent to a Dao Academy for free. Even if their talent is average, they can spend money and send their children to a Dao Academy. The large cities are our hope. We have to protect them.

Meng Chuan looked down as he flew.

Down below, in an empty area, a child and a man sparred with each other.

Boom! A saber collided with another saber.

The child was sent flying backward and landed on the ground. A fierce look appeared in his eyes as he charged towards his father again.

“I’m stronger than you, so you shouldn’t have fought me head-on. In combat, you should use your strengths to attack the enemy’s weaknesses!” The man berated as he brandished his saber to suppress his son.

Pfft.

The child fell to the ground again. His forehead was full of sweat, and his face was bleeding.

The man shouted as he watched, “Again, as long as you master your basic saber techniques this year, you will be able to pass the Dao Academy’s assessment. I will sell everything I have and risk my life to send you to the city’s Dao Academy. If you can’t do it, you can spend the rest of your life in the wilderness with me. Don’t blame me for not giving you any hope in life.”

“Humph.” The child gritted his teeth and charged forward again.

High in the sky, Meng Chuan continued flying after watching this scene. He saw many similar scenes every day, but he was touched every time. He wanted to fulfill his dream of slaying all the demons in the world. If he succeeded, he would be extremely satisfied even if he lost his life. However, it was very difficult to achieve such a goal! The higher his cultivation was, the more he realized how difficult it was to kill all the demons in the world.

This is just a time of darkness. Dawn will arrive eventually.

Meng Chuan arrived back at Jiang State Capital. He ate dinner with his wife, Liu Qiyue, before entering seclusion.

Dong!

The Creation-realm alien corpse was directly placed in a chamber. Godfiends cultivated in similar chambers. It was rather large, so the 30-foot-long corpse was easily accommodated.

A Creation-realm alien that mainly cultivates the body? Meng Chuan looked at the corpse carefully. The alien was covered in layers of black scales. Even its face was covered in black scales. However, a large portion of its chest had been sliced open. There were no scales at the chest; bits of flesh had been lopped off, and no blood could be seen.

At the alien’s cultivation realm, any injuries should have healed instantly. Meng Chuan inspected the corpse carefully. This chest has been sliced open. It’s like the scales were removed after the alien died. Perhaps Archean Mountain seniors were trying to refine something out of the alien’s corpse?

The scales of a Creation-realm alien—that mainly cultivated the body-were definitely extraordinary. Just a piece of armor made up of the alien’s scales would have a shocking value.

Buzz!

An invisible aura fluctuation emanated from the corpse. However, it was ultimately a dead object. Meng Chuan’s Darkstar domain could easily restrain the aura fluctuations.

Clang. Meng Chuan pulled out Demon Slayer.

Oh? Meng Chuan looked at Demon Slayer in shock. The moment Demon Slayer was unsheathed, it began to tremble as it attempted to lunge toward the corpse.

“No rush.” Meng Chuan smiled as he swung his saber firmly. His saber was as fast as lightning as it cleaved down toward the alien’s scales.

When it was about an inch away from the scales, an invisible repulsive force repelled Demon Slayer.

Thankfully, Archean Mountain’s predecessors have already cut a portion of its corpse. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to damage the corpse at all. Meng Chuan laughed self-deprecatingly and extended Demon Slayer towards the huge wound on the alien corpse’s chest. He kept Demon Slayer close to the wound, and Demon Slayer trembled as it tried its best to absorb the blood. Finally, a drop of golden blood slowly flew out of the wound. The golden blood seemed extremely heavy; Demon Slayer barely absorbed it.

Chi! Chi! Chi!

The moment the golden blood touched Demon Slayer, golden patterns slowly extended from the blade’s body. Demon Slayer trembled as it absorbed the drop of blood excitedly.

Meng Chuan had substantial achievements with the physical body cultivation system. He had reached the Divine Power realm, then the Undying realm. Each successive realm had caused his body to undergo a qualitative transformation. A drop of blood from a Sage Becoming realm—which was equivalent to a Creation realm—was probably stronger than his entire body.

This drop of blood was extremely difficult for Demon Slayer Saber to absorb. It took an hour to absorb the drop of blood completely. It’s so difficult for even Demon Slayer to absorb it. Meng Chuan sighed inwardly. Even in Demon Slayer’s long history, it might not have absorbed a corpse of a physical body cultivation expert at the Creation realm.

Demon Slayer was an evil saber to begin with. This Creation-realm alien corpse wasn’t of this world. Only the three sects would have something like this in their possession. In the past, the three sects had no need to nurture an evil saber.

Demon Slayer continued absorbing the alien’s blood. After absorbing the alien’s blood for more than two hours, it stopped. It seemed to be satiated for the time being.

Demon Slayer has to digest the blood slowly. I’ll let it absorb more tomorrow. Meng Chuan was looking forward to seeing Demon Slayer’s changes after it completely absorbed the Creation-realm alien corpse.

Days passed.

Another evening.

Meng Chuan returned to Lake Heart Pavilion and had dinner with his wife, Liu Qiyue.

Huh? Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue turned to stare into the distance.

An illusory figure walked over from a distance. It was dressed in a black robe and had a skinny face. Its yellow eyes were smiling as it stepped foot on Lake Heart Pavilion.

Meng Chuan and his wife stood up and walked out.

“Demon monarch?” Meng Chuan asked.“Greetings, Marquis Eastcalm, Marchioness Calmmoon.” The illusory black-robed figure bowed slightly.

“This is the first time I’ve seen a demon monarch embodiment. I wonder which greater demon monarch you are,” said Meng Chuan. He had seen the embodiments of Qin Wu and Luo Tang. Embodiments could be produced after attaining a fifth-level Essence Soul. An embodiment didn’t have any offensive means. However, demons had all sorts of strange divine powers. Perhaps a fourth Firmament demon monarch might have an embodiment.

The black-robed illusory figure smiled and said, “My name is Mo Nan. I’m here to invite Marquis Eastcalm and Marchioness Calmmoon to join us demons.”

“Join the demons?” Meng Chuan scoffed. “Why should I, a human, join the demons?”

“Why is the Skydemon Sect willing to fight for the demons?” said the black-robed illusory figure with a smile. “It’s precisely because our Imperial Lords have sent the Demon Sacred Monument from outer space to the Skydemon Sect. On the Sacred Monument is our demons’ promise to the humans that we will allow the Skydemon Sect to rule ten percent of the world forever, ensuring the human race’s survival. From then on, the Godfiend cultivation system will be abolished and humans will only follow the Skydemon cultivation system. The human race will become one of the demon’s Hundred Races, becoming a part of the demons.”

Meng Chuan and Liu Qiyue looked at each other.

“Humanity will definitely lose the war between humans and demons,” said the illusory black-robed figure. “Since you will definitely lose, why must you send yourselves to your deaths? You can lead your clansmen and continue living happily. As long as no new Godfiends are born, the demons will allow you to exist. Once you die of old age, there will naturally be no more Godfiends.”

The black-robed figure smiled. “Wouldn’t it be good if you, your wife, your clansmen, and your descendants can live carefree lives?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280 - Has There Ever Been Any Demon Species That Survived Thanks to Promises?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“Carefree life? What a joke,” said Liu Qiyue coldly. “How is it a joke?” The black-robed illusory figure smiled. “Do you insist on dying in battle, including your family and children? Is that good?”

Meng Chuan looked at him. “Do you think you demon monarchs are able to kill us?” The black-robed illusory figure laughed. “The demons can send an unending number of forces into the human world with fifth Firmament greater demon monarchs and even demon sages. The forces that enter this world will only grow stronger. Your Creation Supremacies have to bow their heads obediently or they will die without a doubt. Why are you Marquis Godfiends so stubborn? We demons do not need you to submit now.

“You can continue to be heroes among humans, as long as you reveal some information secretly. When the war outcome becomes irreversible, and humanity’s loss becomes inevitable, it will not be too late for you to surrender. Of course, you have to provide intelligence first. If you don’t contribute at all, we demons won’t accept you even if you wish to surrender in the future,” said the illusory black-robed figure with a smile. “You don’t lose anything in this case. All you need to do is secretly reveal some information. There are many Godfiends doing this. One more doesn’t matter. You have a backup plan for yourself, your family, and clansmen. Isn’t that nice?”

Meng Chuan shook his head gently. “I don’t think it’s nice.”

“In the future, humans promised territory will be small-only ten percent of the human world. However, at the very least, you will be able to reproduce and survive. Your family and clansmen can continue generation after generation. You can also live a carefree life. Isn’t that great?” said the black-robed illusory figure. “Whether your descendants follow the Skydemon cultivation system or the Godfiend cultivation system, how does that relate to you? If you switch to another cultivation system, you will also have a very long lifespan. Are you going to drag countless people down with you just to continue the Godfiend cultivation system legacy?

“How nice it would be to give up the Godfiend cultivation system and live happily with countless people,” said the black-robed illusory figure. It was only an embodiment, and it didn’t have any bewitching powers. It was also aware that such bewitching powers could only affect Marquis and Regis Godfiends for a short period of time.

If he wanted them to join the demons, the Marquis and Regis Godfiends had to agree of their own accord.

“As long as you secretly leak the information, no one will be able to detect it. Even us demons won’t have any evidence to accuse you,” said the black-robed illusory figure. “If a miracle really happens and the humans will win, nobody will know about you leaking information as long as you keep your mouth shut. We demons will not be able to accuse you either. Even if we do... the humans will not believe it either.

“If you advance, you will enjoy glory within the human race. If you retreat, you will rule over countless mortals in the humans’ assigned territory in the future. You will be able to live the life of an exalted one. Marquis Eastcalm, Marchioness Calmmoon, you have to consider it seriously. It’s not only for you but also for your children.”

“The method of leaking information is very simple. Use a Bewitching Art and control a mortal to deliver information. That mortal will not be able to reveal that you were the one who leaked the information. Leave behind a secret mark that we agree upon. We demons only need to know that it’s from the two of you,” said the illusory black-robed figure gently. Meng Chuan said wistfully, “The fear of death is a common trait of humans. I’m afraid Godfiends will truly divulge information to you as a result.”

The illusory black-robed figure nodded with a smile. “Yes, there is quite the number.”

“But the so-called promise, the promise engraved on the Sacred Monument, is a joke.” Meng Chuan sneered at him.

“Joke? The Demon Sacred Monument is an extremely important object for us demons. The Imperial Lords personally engraved the promise on the Demon Sacred Monument. If they don’t fulfill the promise, the Imperial Lords will be mocked by the world. No demon will believe them in the future,” said the illusory black-robed figure.

Meng Chuan shook his head and said, “According to what I know, the demons are divided into many races-wolves, bears, tigers, etc. Which one of these demons survived through promises?”

The illusionary figure in the black robe was stunned.

“In the Demon Realm, the strong prey on the weak,” said Meng Chuan, “Only by relying on strength can one survive. To appease the humans, the demons have promised that humans will be one of the demons’ Hundred Races. However, if you really occupy this world in the future, will the other demons spare humans?” Meng Chuan shook his head.

“The Imperial Lord carved it on the Sacred Monument...” the illusory black-robed figure continued.

“Haha, the Imperial Lords might not go against their promises, but what about future Imperial Lords?” Meng Chuan continued, “According to what I know, it’s common for Imperial Lords to kill other Imperial Lords. Even Imperial Lords can kill each other, so why would they care about the promise on a Sacred Monument left behind by other Imperial Lords?”

The black-robed illusory figure looked at Meng Chuan and said softly, “Marquis Eastcalm, you are indeed impressive. Yes, the demons revere the strong. Future Imperial Lords might not continue to abide by the promise engraved on the Sacred Monument erected by a former Imperial Lord. However, Imperial Lords live for 10,000 years! Humans will have thousands of years to develop well. I believe that humans can also give birth to a group of Skydemon experts. This way, they can be ranked among the hundred races through their strength.”

“The Skydemon cultivation system?” Meng Chuan scoffed. “The Skydemon cultivation system is weaker than the demon monarch system. The highest realm one can reach is the fifth Firmament Skydemon realm. Any random demon sage can destroy all of humanity. How is humanity to stand equal with the other demons?”

“Skydemons can also reach the demon sage realm,” said the illusory black-robed figure.

Meng Chuan shook his head. “It’s just a theoretical pie in the sky. Has anyone achieved it?”

“Marquis Eastcalm, the Imperial Lords’ promise ensures at least a few thousand years of peace. Regis Godfiends only live for 500 years,” said the illusory black-robed figure. “All of you will be able to live a stable life. It will be the case even for 100 generations. If that’s the case, why care about what will happen in thousands of years?”

“Perhaps a new demon Imperial Lord arises the moment the Godfiends surrender,” said Meng Chuan with a chuckle. “Once the new Imperial Lord gives the order, humans will be completely wiped out. The other three Imperial Lords can say that it’s an order from the new Imperial Lord, so they aren’t able to stop him.”

“Imperial Lords need to uphold their reputations as well,” the illusory black-robed figure said.“You want me to place all of humanity’s hopes of survival on a demon Imperial Lord’s reputation?” Meng Chuan scoffed. “Besides, this is us humans’ world. Our home. Why do we have to give control of our world over to the demons?”

The illusory black-robed figure shook his head gently. “Marquis Eastcalm, think more about your clansmen. It’s just a backup plan.

“A territory that is only ten percent of the human world.” Meng Chuan said wistfully, “The promised territory will shrink greatly. The people who originally lived in the world will probably become food for the demons. Humans will be devoured. Only the Skydemon Sect and some cowardly Godfiend traitors will lead their family members to live an abject life in the remaining territory, relying on an Imperial Lord’s so-called promise to protect them. This is like a dog’s life. Godfiends would rather die than be the dogs of demons.” Meng Chuan looked at the illusory figure.

Liu Qiyue stood beside Meng Chuan and was equally determined.

“What... is the point?” The black-robed figure shook his head gently.

“Don’t worry. The demons won’t win this war. We humans will definitely win.” Meng Chuan looked at him. “All the invading demons will die!”

“Haha. Marquis Eastcalm, have you taken a close look at the human forces’ strength?” The black-robed illusory figure laughed. “As a Marquis Godfiend, don’t you have any basic knowledge of the war’s situation?” “We will definitely win the war,” said Meng Chuan calmly. “Besides, we humans will not forget the blood debt you demons have incurred. One day, you demons will have to pay with blood.”

“Pay with blood? Who can do so? You?” The illusory black-robed figure laughed. “Marquis Eastcalm, you are blind. Perhaps you will understand the situation better in a few days. I’ll pay you a visit when the time comes.” With that said, the illusory figure dissipated.