

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 Su Yang
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Two figures sat on the highest point of the Eternal Retribution Cliff, one old man and the other a handsome young man with otherworldly features. The old man emitted an ancient aura that caused the surrounding space to twist and turn, and the young man casually sat beside him, looking as though the heavy atmosphere did not bother him at all.

"Young man, what crimes have you committed to get yourself stuck in this gloomy place? You do not look like someone who belongs here..." The old man asked the young man, his gaze filled with interest as he looked at the young man, who was surrounded by a noble aura that calmed the space surrounding him.

The young man showed a slight smile. "I have done many things, one such as devouring the forbidden fruit created by the His Majesty, the Heavenly Emperor," he said in a calm voice.

The old man lifted his brows in surprise, and his gaze flickered with shock as he looked at the young man.

"You... you... you..." Unsure of what to say, the old man stuttered nonstop. To be shocked speechless, this was a first even for someone as ancient as him, not to mention his wide eyes that hadn’t been this wide for countless years.

"I’m more surprised that you are still alive after all that than what you’ve done!"

The young man only smiled at his words.

Suddenly, the old man burst out laughing: "I can already imagine the raging face of the Heavenly Emperor when he first heard the news! Ahahaha! Young man, I have taken a liking to you! What is your name?"

The ancient aura surrounding the old man had long disappeared. He looked and acted more like a kind grandpa than anything now.

"The name’s Su Yang," said the young man.

"Then Su Yang... would you like to leave this place?" The old man suddenly grinned, showing his two rows of yellow teeth.

Su Yang turned to look at the old man’s face for the first time; it was filled with wrinkles, almost like a dried up fruit. However, despite his ghost-like face, his eyes were as clear as water, and they shone brighter than the brightest stars in this eternal night sky.

"What’s the point?" Su Yang said a moment later: "Even if I can leave this place, it will only trigger the Heavenly Emperor’s anger even further. I think I prefer sitting here until my soul rots away than having to constantly deal with the Heavenly Emperor’s wrath."

"What if I say that you can leave and not have to worry about the Heavenly Emperor?" The old man kept the grin on his face, but deep in his gaze flickered a profound light.

"Then what? What should I do after leaving? Continue living the sinful life that I have been living for the past thousands of years? Or take revenge on those who wrongly accused me?"

"That... is up to you."

Su Yang suddenly reached his hands towards the night sky and made a grasping motion, almost as if he wished to grab ahold of the stars shining above. "Then... if I one day decide to leave this place, I will..." He suddenly stopped talking and smiled: "Forget it. I think I’d still rather be lazy in this place until I die."

The old man suddenly started laughing again: "You are still too young to completely hide your desire from this ancient one, young one! Even if you stay here for all eternity, can you really die from old age? An immortal such as yourself? Hehehe... your wish... I shall grant it!" He suddenly stood up and waved his sleeves, and the night sky that hadn’t changed since the creation of this Eternal Retribution Cliff suddenly turned to day, bewildering every soul that dwelled there.

"You... who are you?" Su Yang stared at the grinning old man with wide eyes.

The old man said: "Just an old man with nothing better to do. Right... before I send you away, I’d like to thank you for what you did..."

"Thank me...? What do you mean by tha–"

Before Su Yang could ask the old man why he was being thanked, a bright white light suddenly engulfed the world, taking away his vision.

–

–

–

Immediately after getting blinded by the white light, Su Yang felt a sharp pain near his heart, like he had just been stabbed by a sword. He snapped his eyes wide open to see a handsome young man with a vicious grin on his face, standing in front of him on a wide stage, and in his grasp was a steel sword.

"Che. I narrowly missed his heart," mumbled the handsome young man.

Su Yang looked down to see a sword penetrating his body, and he instantly became alert. "Scram!" Within Su Yang’s body suddenly exploded an overwhelming aura filled with killing intent, causing the handsome young man before him and the dozens of people surrounding their stage to cough up a mouthful of blood.

And because the handsome young man was standing so close to Su Yang, he directly fell unconscious after coughing up blood.

The place instantly turned dead silent, and Su Yang pulled out the sword that was still stuck in his chest, ignoring the pain.

After taking the sword out of his chest, Su Yang took this moment to quickly search through his memories.

In his memories, he found out that he was inside the body of a young cultivator with the same name as his – Su Yang, and that he has the exact same looks as his younger self. However, the similarities stopped there and everything else was different. His cultivation base was near non-existent when compared to his old cultivation base, and he is currently a disciple in this Profound Blossom Sect – a sect that heavily focuses on dual cultivation – where two people of the opposite gender indulge in sexual practices for cultivation! It is almost as if he had traveled back in time to when he was just a young boy who had recently started cultivating!

As for how he got into this situation, the ’Su Yang’ before him had gone to court a female disciple named Xing Xing and ended up offending her current partner, Yan Ming, the now unconscious handsome young man before him, which resulted in a deathmatch between them.

"What in the name of heavens is happening?!" Su Yang suddenly recalled how the old man in the Eternal Retribution Cliff had said that he will help him leave the place.

"Did he send me back in time... No... I don’t recall ever becoming a disciple of this Profound Blossom Sect... Then..."

In the midst of Su Yang’s thoughts, a loud shout suddenly broke the silence. "Everybody halt your movements!"

A middle-aged man jumped onto the stage and looked at Su Yang and the unconscious Yan Ming with a frown. "Who authorized the two of you to have a deathmatch today? Scram before I call for the disciplinary squad!"

"Yes, Elder Sun!" The disciples around the stage hurriedly scrambled away, leaving only Su Yang and Yan Ming on the stage.

Su Yang decided to leave this place first and ponder later. Before he jumped off the stage, the middle-aged man called Elder Sun looked at him and said: "What’s your name?"

"Su Yang," he replied in a calm tone.

Elder Sun nodded and no longer looked at him and directly went to pick up the unconscious Yan Ming to take him away.

After leaving the stage, Su Yang searched through his memories and began walking towards his living quarters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2 Suffering to Find a Single Partner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey look! That's Su Yang, the idiot who decided to court senior apprentice-sister Xing despite being aware of her partner!"

"Didn't senior apprentice-brother Yan have a deathmatch with him today? What happened?"

"Look at his robes; it's covered in blood. Does this mean that the deathmatch has already been settled and that Su Yang won and Yan Ming is now dead?"

"Impossible! He's only at the third level of the Elementary Spirit Realm whilst Yan Ming is at the sixth level of the Elementary Spirit Realm! Such a wide gap, even I wouldn't dare to imagine winning, let alone that good-for-nothing Su Yang!"

"Then why is he still alive? When two enters the stage for a deathmatch, they have to fight until one dies. I have never heard of both fighters surviving after a deathmatch."

"Let's go ask him."

The disciples spoke to each other as they watched Su Yang walk through the sect with a bloodied hole in his white robe with a calm expression, almost as if he was unaware of the grave injury on his chest.

"Hey, Su Yang, you bastard. How did you survive the deathmatch against Yan Ming?" A group of disciples blocked his path, halting his steps.

The disciples' action quickly aroused the attention of those around them, and they became the center of attention.

"I do not have the time to play with kids – scram." Su Yang refused to give them another glance and walked around them, dumbfounding everybody there. Since when did the idiot become so daring and arrogant? To think he'd disregard the faces of so many disciples at once, did he finally go nuts?

"Su...Su… SU YANG! TAKE ONE MORE STEP AND YOU WILL PAY!" The one leading the group suddenly roared, startling everyone.

However, despite his threatening words, Su Yang continued to walk, not even turning his head to look, completely ignoring them.

"You fucking bastard…" Veins appeared on the forehead of the disciple who shouted, and he chased after Su Yang with his fists tightly clenched.

In the midst of taking his second step, Su Yang suddenly snapped his head to look at him with a narrowed gaze filled with killing intent.

His horrifying gaze that seemed to be sharp enough to make a hole in a large boulder froze the disciple's movements and caused him to tremble uncontrollably, almost as if he was watching a hungry beast on the verge of pouncing towards him.

Plop – the disciple's leg turned to tofu, and he fell to the ground.

Even the disciples behind him began shaking their legs, looking like a crowd of clowns dancing in the cold.

"Hmph. A bunch of fools." Su Yang coldly snorted and continued walking.

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Was that… really Su Yang? Or did they mistake him as Su Yang?"

"How could that possibly be Su Yang? Although they may look similar, that noble air that surrounded him was completely different than the useless Su Yang that I am familiar with!"

"Right? Su Yang always has this idiotic expression on his face, but that handsome man just now had a sharp and serious face – they are two completely different people!"

The surrounding disciples began gossiping, some even laughing at the group that decided to stop him.

"Was that really not Su Yang?" The disciple that had fallen to the ground thought to himself, feeling puzzled.

Could there really be two people with nearly identical features in this sect?

Su Yang's beastly gaze reappeared in the disciples head, and he quickly dismissed his doubts. That was definitely not Su Yang but someone who looked like him! The idiotic Su Yang that he knows of would never dare talk back to others, let alone threaten them with that look!

–

–

–

Upon reaching his living quarters within the outer court, Su Yang was greeted by another handsome young man in front of the door to his room.

"Su… Su Yang?! You actually managed to survive in a deathmatch against Yan Ming?!" The young man had initially thought that he was looking at a ghost when he noticed Su Yang walking towards his place from a distance. But now that he was standing in front of him, there was no way that he could be a ghost.

From the previous 'Su Yang's' memories, Su Yang recognized this young man. He was his roommate, Tang Hu.

"I am not feeling so well, so I will be resting in my room. Do not bother me." Su Yang walked into the house without giving him another word.

Tang Hu watched him walk past him with his mouth wide open. "Good heavens!" he mumbled out loud: "He really is alive!"

–

–

–

Su Yang directly went into his room after entering the house and began organizing his thoughts.

"That old man… what did he do, really?" He looked into the mirror hanging on the wall, and memories of his childhood appeared in his head.

"This is clearly my own body when I was young, but how come I do not recall ever being in this place? Did I actually reincarnate and only regained my memories after getting stabbed in the chest by a sword? To get injured like that, I am really too weak the way I am right now!"

Su Yang is currently 16 years old, and he has been a disciple of this Profound Blossom Sect for nearly a year. However, despite being in the sect for nearly an entire year, his cultivation has barely progressed, let alone a breakthrough.

Outer Court Disciples like him who have only recently joined the sect would not receive any assistance from the sect and has to find a partner by themselves for dual cultivation, where two people of the opposite gender indulge in sexual intercourse for cultivation. Once he becomes an Inner Court Disciple, then he may request the sect to find him a suitable partner.

However, Su Yang has not been able to find a partner for himself since joining the sect despite his peak-quality features. He was extremely handsome no doubt – handsome enough to seduce the Moon God's wife in his past life. Many female disciples, even the senior disciples, fought to be his partner at first, but when they found out that he had severe mental issues with zero talents, they quickly ignored him.

No matter how handsome he was, in this sect where their growth depended on their partners, nobody was stupid enough to risk their future just because he was handsome, not to mention the countless other handsome young men and women in this sect.

"I have been gifted another life by that old man, but this kind of life… Aiya!" Su Yang loudly sighed.

To think he, the most handsome man in the world in his past life, where countless peerless goddess and jade-like fairies would stand in line just to be his partner, would be suffering to find a single partner in this sect with thousands of young maidens.

"If I am still in the same world, then there is a chance that they might still be living in this world…" Su Yang's gaze flickered with a profound light as many peerless figures appeared in his mind: "I will find them and have them in my embrace once again, and I will not let them go this time! However, before any of that, I must first fix this tarnished reputation of mine..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3 Waste of a Handsome Face
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside his room, Su Yang stripped and went into the bathroom that was connected to his room to clean the blood off his body.

"Still, that kid did a good one on me… How many years has it been since I last saw my own blood, let alone getting a hole opened in my chest?"

Su Yang was an Immortal in his previous life, someone who was near the peak of cultivation. He had it all, beautiful women and power, something that was to be envious of. Now, however, he cannot even hold a candle against a mere mortal at the Elementary Spirit Realm, not to mention the heavy injury.

Of course, it was the previous 'Su Yang' who had gotten into that situation, not the current Su Yang. However, Su Yang didn't use that as an excuse since he was in the same body, so he blamed it on himself.

After cleaning the blood off his body, he smeared some medicine over the hole in his chest before wrapping some cloth around the injury and calling it a day.

By the time Su Yang was done with treating his injury, the news of him beating Yan Ming on the stage in a deathmatch had already spread around the outer court like wildfire.

"What? That good-for-nothing Su Yang who can't even use his thing down there properly defeated Yan Ming? Are you sure?"

"I saw it with my very two eyes! After getting stabbed in the chest by Yan Ming, Su Yang suddenly roared, and everybody surrounding the stage suddenly puked up a mouthful of blood, and Yan Ming himself had fallen to the ground without any conscious!"

"A mere shout had caused everybody to puke blood? What bull! I do not believe it."

"Aiii… I do not blame you… Even I had a hard time believing my eyes at the time…"

Such conversations were going on throughout the sect, and even Elder Sun who had stopped the fight could not help but recall the frightening pressure that suddenly enveloped the place.

"What happened between the two of you during the fight? Tell me everything!"

Elder Sun glared at Yan Ming who he had taken in for questioning.

"I… I don't know…" Yan Ming said with a huge headache: "All I can remember is stabbing that Su Yang in the chest before a sudden wave of killing intent overwhelmed me… Before stabbing him, it was like fighting an idiot who didn't even know how to swing a sword properly… After that, however…"

Yan Ming shivered when he recalled the expression on Su Yang's face after stabbing him.

"It was almost as if I was looking at another person after he received my sword!"

"..."

Elder Sun pondered the words Yan Ming spoke.

"The killing intent I felt coming from that boy was not something that could be created after getting stabbed once but something that can only be created with many near-death experiences and after killing many people… Who is that Su Yang, really? And how come I have never heard of him until today?"

Elder Sun looked at Yan Ming and said: "You can leave now. Do not let me catch you on the stage without permission again!"

"This disciple would not dare!"

After Yan Ming left the scene, Elder Sun began looking up information of Su Yang. But after just a few minutes of research, he was dumbstruck by the information he has received.

From what he had gathered, Su Yang has been in this sect for nearly an entire year, yet there has been no progression with his cultivation since he joined because he was unsuccessful in finding a partner. Elder Sun couldn't believe how such a handsome man such as Su Yang would be unable to find a partner, so he dug a little bit deeper.

What he found shocked him numb. To the point where he didn't know what to feel.

"Mental issues? Don't know how to use his thing down there properly? No talent? Are you sure about this?"

Elder Sun asked the person who was providing him the information, who happened to be another sect elder.

"You may not know about him since you rarely pay attention to the outer court, but almost everybody within the outer court knows Su Yang and his condition. The only reason he is still able to stay in this sect as a disciple is because the Patriarch believes that he could still be of some use for the sect with his handsome face."

"Aiii! If he at least had a straight mind, then he would still have a chance in this world…"

Elder Sun sighed at the elder's words. Indeed, it was true that Su Yang had an incredibly handsome face even with the sect's high standards. But with the way he is... what waste of a handsome face.

"However…"

Elder Sun suddenly narrowed his eyes: "He looked nothing like what you just told me when I saw him today."

"I don't know what else to tell you, Elder Sun. That's all we know about him." The elder shrugged.

"..."

"I understand. Thank you for the information, Elder Mu."

"Right, how's your granddaughter holding up within the sect? Does she have a partner, yet?"

Elder Mu suddenly brought up his granddaughter who had recently joined the sect.

When Elder Mu mentioned his granddaughter, the seriousness on Elder Sun disappeared, and he laughed: "That girl is very picky; it'll be a long while before she finds somebody."

"Then, how about letting her meet my grandson, Mu Gong, one of these days?"

Elder Sun's lips twitched at Elder Mu's suggestion, but he kept his smile and said casually: "One of these days."

–

–

–

When he finally decided to leave his room, Su Yang was greeted by Tang Hu and another figure – a beautiful young lady. She was Meng Jia, Tang Hu's partner.

"How's your injury?"

Tang Hu asked him after noticing him.

"Just a bug bite."

"Bug bite, huh…"

Tang Hu chucked. Being roommates for nearly a year, he was able to feel that there was something different about the current Su Yang. The most obvious part was that he longer has that idiotic expression on his face and now looked more normal.

"Hm? Where are you going now?"

"Just a stroll around the place," said Su Yang who was already at the door, ready to leave.

"But your injury…"

"Like I said – just a bug bite."

"..."

After Su Yang left the place, Meng Jia said: "He looks different today…"

"You think so, too? How so?"

"He's… more handsome?"

"Eh?"

Her words dumbfounded him.

Meng Jia smiled at his expression and said: "Don't worry. No matter how handsome he gets, you will be my only partner!"

"That's not it…" Tang Hu said with a blush.

"Alright! Let's go cultivate."

Meng Jia suddenly pulled Tang Hu to his room, where they would soon embrace each other with bare skin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4 White Pearl Treasury
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Within the Profound Blossom Sect exists one building that has everything from valuable resources to expensive treasures. Medicines, spirit stones, weapons – all that could be obtained at the White Pearl Treasury as long as one has enough Premium Points.

Premium Points are a kind of currency that only has value within the Profound Blossom Sect. With Premium Points, one can exchange it for anything within the White Pearl Treasury.

Premium Points can be obtained through the sect by doing meritorious deeds for the sect, or by doing missions; they can also be traded with others like a real currency.

"How much Premium Points for this Pure Yang Flower?"

Su Yang asked the elder behind the desk. He had decided to come to the White Pearl Treasury after realizing that he is currently too weak. But without a partner to cultivate with, the only way he’d be able to cultivate would be with resources obtained from the sect. And what better way to get resources than from the White Pearl Treasury, where all types of valuable resources could be found and purchased?

"Pure Yang Flower? Why does an Outer Court disciple like yourself want with such a valuable medicine?" The old man looked at him with an intrigued expression: "10,000."

"10,000?" Yuan lifted his eyebrows with surprise: "The most Premium Points someone can obtain in a mission should be 100, and those are the highest difficulties, yet you want 10,000 Premium Points for a mere Pure Yang Flower? This is robbery in plain daylight!"

In his eyes, the Pure Yang Flower is only a low-quality medicine used by mortals, yet they treat it as though it is some sort of godly medicine.

"The patriarch himself priced it; if you have any complaints, then you can go to him. Otherwise, the price is final."

Su Yang glanced at the jade slip in his grasp and sighed. "Aiiii... 34 Premium Points... after spending one year in this place..."

He looked around, and many beauties came into his view. "I could just get a partner... but no matter how I look at it... they are all just brats that are still wet behind their ears..."

While Su Yang is currently inside the body of a 16-year-old young man, his mental age is anything but young. He just couldn’t get himself to stick his rod into kids that are not even half his actual age. And while one’s age does not matter when it comes to cultivators that can live thousands of years and remain looking young, it just didn’t feel right to Su Yang.

"So, do you want it or not?" The elder behind the desk said in an impatient tone despite already knowing the answer. He could guess that Su Yang did not have enough Premium Points just by his status as a mere Outer Court disciple. Forget about an Outer Court disciple such as him, even an Inner Court disciple would have a hard time obtaining 10,000 Premium Points.

"I want it." Su Yang’s answer dumbfounded the elder: "But not right now. In ten days, I will return with enough Premium Points to exchange for it."

"You... how will you manage that?" The elder asked with his eyes wide open.

Su Yang only smiled at the elder’s question and walked away without answering, which caused a few veins to appear on the elder’s forehead.

–

–

–

After leaving the White Pearl Treasury, Su Yang went to find a large piece of cloth and something to write on it. After that, he went to the training center, where it is populated with disciples all day and night, before standing there in the open with the piece of cloth, now a sign, spread for the whole world to see.

"Heavenly Massage – Experience what it feels like to be in heaven! First three customers free of charge!"

"Heavenly massage? Isn’t that Su Yang? What foolishness is he up to today?"

"Experience heaven? Hahaha! He just wants to touch girls!"

"Damn! This bastard is getting really desperate!"

The disciples there laughed without reserve.

Su Yang stood there silently with a calm expression on his face as the place filled with laughter.

"This reminds me of my younger days..." He reminisced the past when he used to stand in the streets all day and night with the exact same sign.

After standing there for many hours straight without anybody approaching him, some disciples finally decided to speak with him for fun.

"Hey, Su Yang, what in the devil’s name are you doing right now?"

"We all know you just want to feel up some girls since you cannot find a partner."

"To think you’d come up with such a wicked plan, how shameless!"

However, despite the disciples disdaining, Su Yang continued to stand there with his eyes closed, seemingly asleep.

"Hey, listen when I am talking to you, you shameless bastard!"

Just as the disciple raised his fist, Su Yang opened his eyes, and within his gaze flashed a dangerous light.

"Stand aside, brat. I have a customer." Su Yang said, dumbfounding the disciples.

When the disciples turned around, a beautiful young lady stood there with her arms crossed, her gaze seemingly filled with suspicion.

"What kind of massage?" she asked in an aggressive tone,

"The kind that will make your back pain disappear."

Su Yang’s unexpected words caused the young lady to widen her eyes.

"How... how did you know? That I have back pain?"

Su Yang did not reply to her and only looked at his sign and smiled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5 Pleading for More
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are you saying that you can heal my back pain with this massage of yours?"

Su Yang calmly nodded at her question.

"Don’t listen to him! He is only trying to take advantage of you."

"Yeah! Who knows what he’ll do to you once to follow him."

"Do you have any idea who he is?"

The young lady looked at the group of disciples and frowned. "And who are you?"

"We are—"

Before the disciples can even introduce themselves, Su Yang spoke: "I can heal you, but only if you follow my conditions."

"Conditions? Are you in the position to ask for conditions? I know that you have been standing here for many hours without a single customer! If I leave now, then who knows when your next customer may come... if it ever happens."

"..."

"..."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang nodded and said calmly: "Then... for having enough courage to stand before me, I shall part you with a gift. Your back pain... don’t underestimate it and go find a doctor to treat it quickly before you turn into a cripple."

"A cripple!? W-W-What do you mean by that?!" The young lady began panicking after hearing his words, but that was not what Su Yang had intended.

"If you think that your back pain was caused by bad positioning during your cultivation, then you can’t be more wrong."

"Then what was the cause...?"

"..."

"..."

The young lady began sweating profusely after Su Yang became silent for more than a few seconds.

"I... I will do it. I will accept your conditions."

The young lady gave up after a few more seconds of silence.

Su Yang nodded and said: "Condition one, the session will only last for 10 minutes, no more, no less. Condition two, you must share your experience after the massage with ten people. Condition three, you are only allowed to come back one month after your last massage session. If you refuse to any of these conditions, then you may turn around and walk away. If you fail to fulfill the second and third condition after the massage, then you can forget about coming back ever again."

"That... that’s it?" The young lady thought Su Yang had something far more serious in mind, but such easy conditions... who wouldn’t accept?

"Pft... one month... It’d be a miracle if you have another customer after her today..." The disciples laughed.

"Do you accept?"

"I accept."

"Good. Then follow me." Su Yang rolled up his sign and carried it on his back as he began leading the young lady back to his living quarters.

"Ahhh... she’s really going to follow him..."

"Should we stop her?"

"Let her be... she can only blame herself later for trusting someone like Su Yang."

The disciples watched as Su Yang and the young girl disappear into the distance. None of the dozens of people there tried to stop her because they are all intrigued in what will happen when she returns.

—

—

—

"This is... your living quarters? We are doing it here?"

"Then would you rather do it outside?" Su Yang asked her with a slight smile.

"..."

The young lady looked around with her imaginations running wild, causing her to blush.

Su Yang didn’t wait for her to answer and walked into the house.

"Ah! Wait up..."

After entering the dead silent house, Su Yang went straight into his room, and the young lady followed with caution.

"I swear to the heavens that if you do anything funny to me... you will pay for it with your life..."

"You are too young to be my taste, little girl."

"Lit...little girl? You look just about as old as me."

Su Yang shrugged at her reply. "Lay down on the bed with your back facing the ceiling."

"..."

The young lady stood there silently, her gaze staring at him with intensively.

"You can keep your clothes on."

After hearing his words, the young lady sighed in relief and laid herself on the bed.

Su Yang cracked his knuckles and stretched around for a few moments before he said: "Your 10 minutes begins now, try not to lose consciousness."

"Eh? What do you mean by–"

"Ah–!"

The young lady suddenly let out an unexpected moan of pleasure that caused Su Yang’s ears to tingle with delight.

"Wh...What did you just do – Ahhhh~!"

"Stop wiggling around like a worm, you’re making this more difficult for me."

"Ahhh!"

The sense of pleasure on her back overwhelmed the young lady’s sense of hearing, making her feel as though she was in another world – in heaven.

She couldn’t understand what she was feeling, but it was not a sense of feeling that could be made with the hands of a human, almost as though she was feeling the hands of a god.

Time passed by quickly, but within the young lady’s world, it felt almost like an eternity. And suddenly, the sense of pleasure ended. It was too sudden, almost feeling like it was the end of the world.

"Eh? Huh? Why did you stop?" The young lady turned to look at Su Yang, and on her red face was a sensual expression – one that begged for more.

"Your ten minutes is over." Su Yang said in a calm tone.

"B-B-But..."

"The pain in your back should have subdued by now, but reduce the time you spend to cultivator by half for the next month for it to be permanent."

"Please... ten... no, just five more minutes! I will pay you any amount!"

The young lady pleaded Su Yang to extend the service, but Su Yang only shook his head. "I cannot accept anything from you as I have already stated that my first three customers will be free of charge. You can come back next month... after you spread your experience here to ten people."

The young lady bit her lips in frustration, reluctantly nodding a few seconds later.

"I look forward to your next visit... uh..."

"Zhou Xuan." The young lady said: "My name is Zhou Xuan."

"I am called Su Yang," he smiled at her as he watched her exit the front door, her legs looking unstable as she walked, like a drunk walking home after spending a whole night drinking.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6 Three Seasons Snake
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It felt otherworldly... almost as though I was floating in the starry sky beside a river of stars..."

"The way his hands touched my back... it was like his hands had melted and submerged itself into my back, reaching the deepest parts... it was a feeling to die for..."

"I hate to admit it, but he... he made my body submit with his very hands."

Zhou Xuan spread her experience with Su Yang like a wildfire to all her friends like a kid who had just bought a new toy. In addition, she did not stop at just 10 people and spoke to all of her friends, hoping that her efforts would allow Su Yang to see her in a favorable light.

"Really? Could that Su Yang really have such talents?"

"How is that possible? He’s infamous for being useless and retarded... Even many sect elders have given up on him..."

"I am serious! Go to him for his service and you’ll instantly know whether my words are true or not!"

Despite not fully convincing everybody with her story about her experience with Su Yang’s massage service, Zhou Xuan was able to arouse the curiosity and interest in their hearts – enough to make them want to pay more attention to Su Yang – exactly what he wanted.

–

–

–

Mere seconds after Zhou Xuan left Su Yang’s house, Tang Hu and his partner Meng Jia emerged from their own room, their face red and heart racing from cultivation.

"S-Su Yang? You’re back?" Tang Hu looked at him, who was standing by the door and looking outside with a slight smile.

"Un." Su Yang turned to look at them and his smile widened: "Congratulations on your breakthrough," he chuckled.

His words startled the duo, and the redness on their faces deepened.

"Su Yang..." Tang Hu scratched his head, looking like there was something on his mind.

"There is nothing to be embarrassed about. You are a man, and your woman is right beside you. Hold your head high with pride." Su Yang walked out of the living quarters after his sentence. The duo inside the house could only stare at his disappearing with a dazed face, their mind boggled by Su Yang’s change in behavior.

"As I thought... he looks way more handsome than all the other times I have seen him before..." Meng Jia said in her daze.

"..." Tang Hu recalled the Su Yang who couldn’t even finish a sentence without stuttering inside his head. How could someone change so much in so little time? Did that injury startle his soul awake from some sort of slumber?

–

–

–

After leaving, Su Yang went back to the training grounds and opened up his sign again. He intended to accept more than just one customer a day.

"That Su Yang is back already? He hasn’t even been gone for an hour yet."

"Perhaps that girl had decided to change her mind, after all?"

What happened an hour ago repeated itself. Nobody wanted to have anything to do with Su Yang, so they only watched him from afar with suspicious gazes, like pedestrians watching a sketchy street performer.

However, this time around, Su Yang didn’t have to wait as long before someone approached him – a little girl who was limping.

"Are you the one who helped senior apprentice-sister Zhou relieve her back pain?"

Su Yang nodded in acknowledgment.

"Um... senior apprentice-sister Zhou said that your skills are real and seem to trust you... so... um..." The little girl who seemed a few years younger than Zhou Xuan fidgeted around as she tried to speak her mind.

"You want to know if I can help you with your left leg, correct?"

The little girl nodded vigorously.

"During the day, your left leg would be numb. At night, it would spasm constantly. How long since it started?"

"One week ago." The little girl was amazed at how Su Yang saw through her issues with a mere glance. She felt as though there was nothing she could hide from his overwhelming gaze like she was naked to the bones when standing before him.

"C-Can... you heal me?" Her eyes sparkled with hope when looking at him: "The sect elders have tried, but none of them had the ability to help me..."

"..."

After a moment of silence, Su Yang started rolling up the sign. "The three conditions... are you aware of them?"

"Yes."

"Do you accept?"

"Yes."

"Then, follow me."

The disciples there watched with wide mouths as Su Yang led the little girl away from the place.

"That creepy bastard Su Yang is going to take advantage of a girl as little as her..."

"Shouldn’t somebody stop them?"

"It will be a good learning experience for her. Maybe she will think twice before trusting someone like Su Yang the next time she needs help."

"Just because we are fellow disciples does not mean we have to help each other."

In this world where the strong devour the weak, being naive and inexperienced is not an excuse but a weakness. If one cannot overcome that weakness, they will only be devoured by the strong.

The disciples there did not like the sight of a small girl getting taken advantage of, but none of them have any real reason to stop them either. In this sect, disciples are more like rivals to each other than friends. The fewer disciples there is to compete for the sect’s resources the better it would be for everybody else, so without any real benefits, nobody there was willing to risk themselves for a stranger.

–

–

–

Su Yang directly led the little girl into his room after returning home. Fortunately, neither Tang Hu or Meng Jia were there to witness him bring home a little girl who looked no older than 13, or else there would have been a chaotic scene the moment he entered the front doors.

The little girl did not stop fidgeting once since she approached Su Yang. No matter how much positive Zhou Xuan had spoken of him to her, she was still not entirely comfortable to be here. Approaching a handsome young man such as Su Yang and entering his room where they’ll be alone would be too much for anyone else, let alone a young girl like her who has only recently joined the sect.

"Your stockings, take them off." Su Yang said after closing the door, leaving them alone inside this sound-proof room.

"..."

"You were bitten by a colorful snake with red, yellow, and green scales around a month ago, right?"

"Eh? How did..."

"That snake is called a Three Season Snake and it lodges a deadly poison within its body that will slowly kill whatever it bites. Unlike other poison that takes at most minutes, even seconds to spread throughout the body, the Three Season Snake’s poison will take weeks before one would see any symptoms. Within the first month, the victims would lose the ability to use their legs, then the rest of their limbs within the second month. By the third month, the poison would have spread throughout their entire body, giving them a slow and painful death that could last up to 7 days."

Su Yang’s explanation caused the little girl to tremble in horror, her robes soaked in cold sweat. Such a terrifying poison would frighten even the coldest killers, let alone a small girl like her.

"Luckily, it has only been a month since you were bitten, so you are not in danger."

"R-Really...?"

"Really." Su Yang wiped the tears from her eyes and said in a confident tone: "If I was only a mere massager, then I wouldn’t be able to help you. But lucky for you, my hands can do more than just making others feel good."

"Un..."

The little girl pulled off her white stockings, revealing her smooth and pale legs.

"You are?" Su Yang suddenly asked.

"Qi Yue, 12 years old."

"12...? And you are in this kind of sect? You mortals are really something else..." Su Yang sighed despite already knowing that fact. He has not visited the mortal world for thousands of years in his past life, so he was unaware of their lifestyle. But looking and living in the mortal world now, he could not help but question the morality of those a part of this mortal world.

"Although I have been accepted into the sect, I am not allowed to participate in dual cultivation until I become an adult at the age of 16." Qi Yue explained in a bashful tone after seeing the disappointment on Su Yang’s face.

"That makes more sense..." Su Yang said in a relieving tone: "Alright, lay down on your stomach. I’ll loosen up the muscles around your legs before I deal with the poison."

Qi Yue obediently laid on the bed and silently waited as Su Yang prepared himself.

"Then... your ten minutes starts now." His hands quickly grabbed her legs, causing a cute voice to escape her lips.

Soon, the muscle in Qi Yue’s legs loosened up, and the numbness began disappearing at a very noticeable rate.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7 Extracting the Poison
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took only 3 minutes for the muscle in Qi Yue’s left leg to completely loosen up. Like tofu, the sensation of her skin was smooth and soft in Su Yang’s hands.

"I will now begin to extract the poison." Su Yang showed her a needle as small as a strand of hair in his hands.

The pleasant expression on Qi Yue’s dazed face instantly froze at the sight of the needle.

"W-What are you going to so with t-that?" She asked with a horrified expression.

Su Yang pointed at her left leg with a smile on his face. However, that handsome smile was more like the devil’s grin in Qi Yue’s eyes.

"W-W-Wait! Is that really the only way?"

"How else am I going to extract the poison?" He replied to her question with another question: "Close your eyes, you won’t even feel it."

Qi Yue hastily closed her eyes, but her body wouldn’t stop trembling.

Suddenly, a hand patted her head, giving her a sense of security and warmth, and her body stopped trembling. It was at this moment the needle between Su Yang’s fingers flickered.

A tiny hole that could not be seen with just the bare eyes opened up in Qi Yue’s left thigh, and some sort of white smoke began escaping through that hole, creating a small cloud of mist above her legs.

The moment the mist appeared, Su Yang moved his lips towards the hole on her thighs without hesitation and began sucking.

"Ah! Wha–?!"

The unexpected sucking sensation on her thighs caused Qi Yue to snap open her eyes. When she saw Su Yang’s lips on her thigh, her face exploded with redness, nearly losing conscious from shock.

However, despite his shameless and seemingly vulgar actions, Qi Yue did not kick him away and allowed him to continue. Her breathing quickened, and her eyes flickered with desire... lust.

Meanwhile, Su Yang was fully focused on extracting the poison through the tiny hole in her thigh. His robes were soaked in sweat, and his body burned from the poison he absorbed. Every part of his body was screaming in pain, and because of his low cultivation base, it only made it harder for him to subdue the poison within his body. Even if he wished, he simply wasn’t in a position to enjoy the soft sensation on his lips.

At this moment, the only thing that could be heard in this small and quiet room was Qi Yue’s heavy breathing and low moans. A few minutes felt like a few hours for the two, one embraced by pleasure and one enduring pain.

When only a few seconds of the ten minutes were left, Su Yang finally released his lips.

Su Yang coughed up a mouthful of black blood the moment his lips separated from Qi Yue’s soft skin, his complexion turning ashen right after.

Su Yang wiped the black blood from the corner of his lips and smiled: "It’s been a long time since I last sweated like this during a treatment..."

Su Yang collapsed on the bed beside Qi Yue right after his sentence, his conscious barely awake.

"A-A-Are you okay!?" Qi Yue cried out loud in alarm.

"Luckily, the poison had yet to spread to other areas and only occupied your left leg, so I was able to extract it without any problem. But being only at the third level of Elementary Spirit Realm, the process had drained my very limited Profound Qi quickly. I am only tired from exhausting my Profound Qi... let me sleep for a bit and I will be fine... Don’t forget... the conditions..."

Su Yang fell asleep after those words, dumbfounding Qi Yue. She didn’t know what to do, but since he said that he would be fine, she felt relieved.

After taking a moment to organize herself, Qi Yue helped Su Yang by adjusting his awkward sleeping position and covered him with a blanket before quietly leaving.

–

–

–

It was already the next morning by the time Su Yang woke up. He sat up and looked at the blanket covering him. "How caring of her," he smiled.

Although he had expected that it would be somewhat troublesome to heal Qi Yue, he did not expect that it would have been that challenging with his low cultivation base.

"I really need to increase my cultivation base... but before I obtain that Pure Spirit Yang and cleanse the impurities within my body, I need to get used to this body and its insignificant cultivation base."

Su Yang left the bed to take a quick shower. Afterward, he sat back on his bed in the lotus position.

Deep within his mind, countless cultivation techniques he had learned from his previous life appeared one by one. Su Yang wasn’t just a playboy in his previous life. He was also a cultivator and a doctor, so he has many resources at his disposal.

"Celestial Body Refining Scripture... one of the seven Heavenly Sublime Scripture obtained from the Heavenly Emperor’s treasury..."

In his previous life, Su Yang wasn’t able to cultivate this Celestial Body Refining Scripture because he had obtained it too late and had already refined his body.

"Not only did I steal his daughter’s body and heart, but I also obtained his favorite cultivation technique. If the Heavenly Emperor is still alive... I should avoid him at all cost..."

He closed his eyes, and he began reciting the Celestial Body Refining Scripture within his head.

"Consume the Universe, refine the body, achieve an immortal physique – the Celestial Body!"

The Celestial Body Refining Scripture was a technique that cultivated one’s body – their physique – and one’s cultivation. In order to achieve the Celestial Body, he must consume things with Profound Qi and refine it as his own, tempering his cultivation base and body simultaneously.

There were two primary paths of training to become an Immortal.

The first was in Qi Refining, refining Profound Qi. The majority of those who trained to become an Immortal chose this path. This path allowed one to use many powerful techniques, control gravity, soar in the sky, and even change the weather. In other words, it was a profound and glamorous path.

The other path was in Body Refining, refining one’s physical body. It is said that Body Refining is at least a few dozen times more difficult than Qi Refining, where one has to endure unimaginable pain and torture their own body until it breaks for little result. However, enduring such a torture would allow them to move mountains with bare hands, change terrains, even poke holes in stars with mere fingers.

Ordinarily, one would choose either Qi Refining or Body Refining, never both due to the unimaginable amount of time it would consume to train in both. The Celestial Body Refining Scripture, however, allowed one to cultivate in both Qi Refining and Body Refining sententiously – a heaven-defying technique!

Suddenly, Su Yang’s body began turning red, looking as though he was being roasted in a fire. His body temperature reached nearly 150 celsius within minutes, and a burning smell began emitting from underneath him; he was burning the bed with his body temperature alone.

Su Yang was using the Three Seasons Snake’s poison he had contained within his body to temper his body, something he had decided to do after seeing Qi Yue.

Even if he does not have a partner for dual cultivations, there are many other ways to cultivate. While it is not as pleasurable as dual cultivation where he can enjoy the embrace of another, this method of cultivation is still exercised upon by the majority of the world and is even more beneficial than dual cultivation in most scenarios.

After half an hour, a refreshing feeling suddenly exploded inside Su Yang’s body, cooling his burning body. He had a breakthrough, reaching the fourth level of Elementary Spirit Realm in cultivation and the early stage of Elementary Spirit Body Refiner simultaneously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8 This Is Why You Are Still Single
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Immediately after washing himself, Su Yang traveled back to the training grounds where many disciples had started their training long ago.

"That Su Yang is back. He’s really persistent with this scheme of his..."

"What happened with those two who dared to follow him? Have they reported him yet?"

"Eh? Haven’t you heard? Not only were those two extremely satisfied, but they are also helping him by spreading high praises of his services."

"What!? For them to act like loyal dogs trying to impress their master, what on earth did Su Yang do to them?"

"Who knows, but when I saw Zhou Xuan last night, her face was full of smiles. She looked as though she was recently reborn..."

"Hey, look over there!"

"That’s..."

"This disciple greets Elder Lan!"

The disciples greeted the beautiful woman approaching them from a distance, and walking beside her was a cute little girl with smooth skin that made her face much brighter.

"Senior apprentice-brother Su!"

It was Qi Yue, and she approached him with a bright smile on her face.

"With the way you are running, I can assume that your legs have already healed, right?"

Qi Yue nodded: "Yes! Thanks to senior apprentice-brother Su and his wonderful treatment, the pain did not appear last night, and I was able to sleep peacefully for the first time in a long time."

"That’s good to hear." Su Yang showed her a gentle smile filled with care, causing Qi Yue to blush.

"Hehehe..." The image of Su Yang sucking her thighs yesterday abruptly appeared in Qi Yue’s mind. Even the sensation of his lips could be recalled very clearly, almost like it was engraved deeply within her heart.

"You are the one who treated her yesterday?" The beautiful woman who looked to be in her twenties asked the moment she arrived in front of them.

"Yes."

The beautiful woman, who was addressed as Elder Lan by the disciples, frowned at his calm demeanor. "Su Yang, 16 years old. You have been in the sect for nearly an entire year as an Outer Court disciple, yet you still have no partner. Not to mention all the rumors about you being a retard and a good-for-nothing... How did you do it? This brat wouldn’t tell me how you treated her no matter how much I asked."

Su Yang glanced at Qi Yue, who became flustered after hearing Elder Lan’s question, and smiled: "I apologize in advance, but that is privacy between my customer and me; I am not allowed to share such information with strangers."

"What did you just say?" Elder Lan’s facial expression darkened: "Do I need to remind you who you are speaking to? I am Elder Lan, the Head Elder of the Health Department for the Outer Court. All the injured or sick disciples within the Outer Court are under my administration, meaning that she is also under my care!"

"...And?" Su Yang’s calm demeanor remained the same despite her threatening gaze that seemed to want to swallow him whole, and he continued: "What does that have anything to do with me?"

"Y-You... an arrogant brat who doesn’t know how to respect his seniors!"

"Sister Lan! Stop!" Qi Yue’s startled cry halted Elder Lan’s movement, who was seconds away from slapping Su Yang in the face without restraint.

"..." Elder Lan suppressed the anger in her stomach and took a deep breath. "Qi Yue, are you sure that a stinking brat like him had healed your leg when even a seasoned doctor such as myself... couldn’t tell what was wrong with you?"

Su Yang chucked when Elder Lan addressed herself as a ’seasoned doctor’, which caused her glare at him. She had a feeling that he was laughing at her.

"Sister Lan, we didn’t come here today to offend senior apprentice-brother Su! We came here for his help." Qi Yue said to her in a worried tone, sounding like an elder sister.

Elder Lan snorted coldly: "What can a brat who isn’t even half my age like him do? There is nothing an arrogant brat like him can do to help me!"

"You are absolutely right. There is nothing I can do to help you relieve the sharp pain in your buttocks when sitting down. Go find someone else who is more experienced, someone at least twice your age..."

Elder Lan’s eyebrows twitched uncontrollably at Su Yang’s sarcastic words.

"See? Senior apprentice-brother Su is the real deal! He was able to tell that you are hurt with a single glance! You have to allow him to help you!"

Qi Yue’s innocent words were like sharp swords stabbing Elder Lan’s heart. Although she didn’t want to admit it, Su Yang’s insight definitely surprised her in more than one way.

"Even if she believes in you, I will never trust you! Let’s go, Qi Yue." Elder Lan turned around and dragged Qi Yue away with her.

The disciples there wondered what their relationship was. They looked like sisters, but everybody there was well aware that Elder Lan has no siblings.

—

—

—

"Sister Lan! You have been in great pain for the past few days because of your injury, even missing out on your daily cultivation. If this goes on..."

"Don’t worry about me, Qi Yue. I will find a way to treat myself without the help of that Su Yang. He is only an Outer Court disciples whilst I am a sect elder, after all. I will lose all face if I lower myself and ask him for help."

"..." Qi Yue sighed at her stubbornness. She has known Elder Lan since she was a baby because their families had connections with each other. Although they are not real sisters, they treat each other as though they are siblings.

"Sister Lan... this is why you are still single... you are too prideful, and you are already 40 years old... At this rate, you will die as a single woman."

Qi Yue’s words nearly caused Elder Lan to cough up a mouthful of blood. "You little brat! You are still too young to have a partner, let alone talk about mine! I’ll have you address me as Elder Lan for the rest of the week!"

"Ehhh?! But..."

"No buts! I am Elder Lan to you for the rest of the week."

Qi Yue sighed. She turned her head to look at Su Yang, who was still standing there quietly and calmly. "Senior apprentice-brother Su..." her face reddened at the sight of his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9 Wetting the Bed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Su Yang stood inside the training ground until the sun had set without receiving a single customer, yet he refused to leave and continued to stand there like a stone statue.

The disciples there were surprised to see such a patient character, and those who weren’t aware of his identity were charmed by his noble presence. It felt as though they were being protected by a guardian spirit.

Time passed quickly, and soon, the night sky appeared. Yet, there still hasn’t been a single customer that approached him.

However, despite getting zero customers after an entire day, Su Yang didn’t panic, nor was he worried. Instead, he kept his confidence and remained his calm face, from morning to night. Such patience caused many to secretly admire him, wishing that they could have the same thing when it came to training themselves.

After some time, Su Yang finally moved. He tilted his head and looked at the night sky, but all he saw inside his head was an image of Elder Lan’s round buttocks.

"Two... no, one day at most, huh." Su Yang mumbled. He then began rolling up the sign and prepared to go back home for the day.

–

–

–

After sending Qi Yue back to her living quarters, Elder Lan directly went back to her own. Inside, she laid on her bed with her back facing the ceiling. Since she cannot sit because of the abnormal pain in her buttocks, her cultivation came to a halt since a few days ago.

"This really sucks..." she sighed underneath her pillow.

The pain had started last weak without any notice and has been increasing at a fast rate since then. Unable to sit without crying, she could only stand or lay on the bed.

"At this rate, I wouldn’t be able to walk without bearing any pain... I need to get this treated as soon as possible..."

Suddenly, the image of Su Yang and his handsome face appeared in her head, and that made her feel irritated. "Why did that rude brat come into mind?" She wanted to ignore him, but the fact that Qi Yue’s leg had been treated by him wouldn’t change no matter what.

"How did he do it? I wasn’t even able to see the problem with my 10 years of experience, yet he healed her in a single night, and seemingly flawlessly, too."

"Ahhh! That little brat Qi Yue! Why won’t she tell me anything? Am I not trustworthy in her eyes?"

The more she thought about the situation between Su Yang and Qi Yue the angrier she got. Suddenly, in the midst of her thoughts, an excruciating sharp pain that caused her to cry out loud attacked her buttocks. The pain was akin to having a sharp sword stab her in the rear over and over again, nearly causing her to lose consciousness.

In her forty years of life, she has never experienced anything near as painful as currently.

Furthermore, the pain did not cease and only continued to grow stronger. And within minutes, she lost consciousness, her body soaked in sweat.

–

–

–

When she woke up, it was already morning, and her robes were still wet. The bed sheets were also soaking wet, but it wasn’t her sweating that had soaked them but something else entirely different.

"I... I..." The thought of her wetting the bed as a forty-year-old grown woman caused her head to explode in redness. Luckily, she lived alone by herself. If someone had seen her wet the bed at her age, then she would surely lose all face and her desire to live.

It was at this point after she had wet the bed that she realized the help she needed. If this continued, then who knows what might happen tomorrow, let alone a week from now. Just thinking about it caused her to tremble violently.

"But where do I get help? Who can help me?" Elder Lan pondered but to no avail. She could be considered one of the best doctor within the sect, yet she couldn’t even heal herself.

Suddenly, an image of Qi Yue smiling appeared in her head, and standing casually beside her was a handsome young man with a calm expression – one that made others feel confident when in his presence.

"Su Yang!" Elder Lan quickly cleaned herself before rushing towards the training ground. When she arrived, however, neither Su Yang or his poorly made sign was anywhere to be seen.

She then went to Qi Yue’s living quarters.

"Qi Yue! Wake up!" Elder Lan directly opened the door to Qi Yue’s living quarters with a spare key that had been given to her by Qi Yue for emergencies.

"Mmmm...? Sister Lan...?" Qi Yue rubbed her eyes tiredly, puzzled as to why Elder Lan would be there.

"Su Yang! Where does he live? I need to see him right this moment!"

"Eh? Senior apprentice-brother Su?" Qi Yue has never seen her Sister Lan so panicked before, so she also began panicking. "What did senior apprentice-brother Su do? Is he in trouble?"

"No... I... I need to see whether or not he can... can treat my injury..." Elder Lan forcefully squeezed the reason she needed to see him out of her mouth through her embarrassment.

Qi Yue looked at her dumbfoundedly for a moment, and her eyes suddenly began sparkling. "Sister Lan requires senior apprentice-brother Su’s treatment, right? I’ll bring you to his living quarters right away!" Qi Yue said in a happy-sounding voice as she jumped off the bed.

"Un..." Elder Lan nodded, yet there was still a shred of doubt in her heart.

Could a mere Outer Court disciple like Su Yang really treat her injury? She was still hesitant, but the urgency in her heart overwhelmed her uncertainty. She wouldn’t be able to endure pain she felt last night or waking up to herself wetting the bed for a second time, after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10 Beauty Waiting by the Door
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elder Lan banged on the doors to Su Yang’s living quarters, but the person who came out to greet them a moment later was Tang Hu, Su Yang’s roommate.

"Elder Lan!?" He looked more terrified than surprised to see a sect elder banging at his door. Did he do something that had managed to offend this elder?

"T-This disciple greets—"

"Bring Disciple Su Yang out here." Elder Lan interrupted.

"Eh? Su Yang? Umm... He left some time ago..."

"What? Where did he go?" Elder Lan frowned. "Don’t tell me he went to the training ground while I went to get Qi Yue..." she thought.

"He didn’t tell me where he’d go..."

"Sis— Elder Lan, perhaps senior apprentice-brother Su went to the training ground like usual."

"You — tell Su Yang, when he comes back, that I am looking for him with urgent matters that cannot be delayed!" Elder Lan then stormed off to the training grounds again, leaving Tang Hu dumbfounded and wondering what on earth Su Yang did to offend a respected sect elder such as Elder Lan.

Elder Lan and Qi Yue went straight to the training grounds in hopes to see a handsome young man standing beside his poor-looking sign, but alas, he was nowhere to be seen.

"This disciple greets Elder Lan–"

"Have any of you seen a disciple named Su Yang? The one who usually stands there like an idiot?" Elder Lan asked the disciples training there, but all of them shook their heads.

"Where is that kid? Qi Yue, go ask around and see if anyone has seen Su Yang. If you cannot find him within the hour, come back here and meet with me. If you find him, then bring him here. If I do not come back after an hour, then I should have already found him."

"Okay."

Elder Lan then looked at the disciples there and said: "If any of you see disciple Su Yang, tell him that Elder Lan is looking for him! If you can find him for me, then I will award you with 100 Premium Points!"

"One hundred Premium Points?! That’s as much as a high-risk mission would award!"

The disciples there became excited from the mission given to them by Elder Lan. Someone as handsome as Su Yang must be an easy sighting, right? And the fact that almost all Outer Court disciple knows his face only makes this mission easier.

The disciples scrambled out of the training grounds as though there was an ongoing fire. And for the first time since the sect’s opening, the training ground looked deserted.

–

–

–

Somewhere in the Outer Court, Su Yang was casually flipping through pages for a book. Sitting beside him are books and scrolls that piled all the way above his head. He was in the library, where hundreds of records and even cultivation techniques were gathered.

This library, the Profound Library, is a place that rents out its resources to its disciples and elders alike. Whether it’d be an ancient record about myths and legends or a scroll containing a profound cultivation technique, they have it all.

Su Yang was trying to learn more about this world – this world that he was mysteriously thrown into. However, in this mortal world, there was little to no information on the places he knew.

The Moon God’s Palace, the Heavenly Temple, even the Land of Gods that everybody and their mother in his previous life knew are unknown in this world or remain as mere legends and myths.

"Am I really in the same world, or was I reincarnated into a foreign world? One that I have no knowledge of?" Su Yang placed the book down and sighed, his gaze filled with doubt. "But there are also many things here that I am familiar with, such as the Pure Yang Flower. Even the cultivation stages here are the same..."

In his previous life, Su Yang traveled not just his own world, but all four worlds that shared the same universe. If he was thrown into any of these four worlds, he should know right away, yet he doesn’t have the slightest clue as to where he is currently.

"This is clearly the mortal world, but what is this Eastern Continent? How long has it been since I left the Eternal Retribution Cliff?" Countless questions that have no answers appeared in his mind.

After glancing through a few more scrolls, Su Yang came to a conclusion. If he does not leave this sect and learn more about this world, then he will surely never see those he loves again.

However, it was still early for him to leave. Mainly because he is currently too weak. With his cultivation base, he can forget about surviving the wilderness, let alone find his lovers that are scattered across the starry sky.

At his current stage, any expert within the cultivation world could easily crush him with a single finger, so he could only stay holed up in this sect until he has a sufficient cultivation base that would allow him to travel without too much danger.

Su Yang took a deep breath, and he looked at the beauties that walked in and out of the library. "The moment I obtain the Pure Yang Flower, that is when I will truly begin cultivating!" His gaze flickered with a profound light.

Su Yang stayed in the corner of the library until the sunset arrived, and he finally decided to leave. After tidying up the place, Su Yang left the library and went back to his living quarters, where a mature woman stood in front of his door with an irritated expression on her face.

The moment the mature woman saw Su Yang, her eyes widened. "Su Yang! Where have you been all day?! Do you have any idea how long I have been waiting here for you? A mere disciple like you dare to make a sect elder like me wait all day in front of your door? Do you have any idea how much face I have lost today because of you?!"

Su Yang smiled at the sight of Elder Lan fuming with anger, something he found somewhat cute and charming. "Greetings, Elder Lan. What business does a respectful sect elder such as yourself have with me, a mere Outer Court disciple?" he greeted her with a bow.

"Hmph! Talking outside would be inappropriate; let us talk inside."

"Very well..." Su Yang approached the door calmly, keeping a smile on his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11 Stick Your Butt Towards My Way
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I will get straight to the point. Disciple Su Yang, do you have the capabilities to treat my... my injury?"

Inside his room, Su Yang sat on his bed while Elder Lan stood in front of him with her gaze staring daggers at him.

"Hmm? Injury? You are not injured..."

"You..." Elder Lan’s expression froze at his words. What did he mean by that? She’s clearly injured and he’s well aware of it!

"What do you mean by that?" she asked.

"The pain in your rear is not an injury but an illness— a condition of sorts." Su Yang said in a nonchalant tone.

"What did you say? An illness? How is that possible? I have never been sick once in my entire life, yet you are telling me that I have an illness?"

"Elder Lan, your existence in this sect is a rare one... I almost didn’t believe it when I first saw you."

"What do you mean by that?" Elder Lan frowned.

Su Yang stood up from the bed and approached her. Elder Lan didn’t move and stared at him with a serious expression, wondering what he was up to.

Suddenly, Su Yang brought his face closer to her’s, and he took a deep breath through his nose, almost like a dog sniffing a scent.

"What do you think you are doing!?" Elder Lan took a few hasty steps back, her face reddening from his unexpected actions. "Are you looking to die?!"

"As I thought, you are still pure with your chastity intact – a pure maiden." Su Yang smiled.

"What... H-How did you–"

His words caused Elder Lan to tremble, and her eyes widened from shock. How could he possibly know that she is still a virgin? Did Qi Yue run her mouth to him?

"It would be hard enough to find someone within this sect to have a pure body at my age, let alone a sect elder such as yourself, Elder Lan." Su Yang sat back down on the bed, his gaze sharpened. "You have cultivated a technique meant for dual cultivators, yet you remain as a pure maiden to this day. You are simply courting death..."

Elder Lan also became serious after hearing his words. "Tell me more," she said.

"Dual cultivation is when a man and woman indulge in sexual intercourse by using the Yin within the woman and the Yang within the man to cultivate — this I’m sure you are familiar with. Yet you cultivate normally using a technique meant for dual cultivation. Of course, there will obviously be side effects. The Yin within your body is currently unstable. If you continue going down this route, then you will only experience even greater pain, eventually falling apart and dying an early death..."

The more Elder Lan listened to Su Yang’s explanation the deeper her frown got. Could her cultivation method really be the reason that she’s in so much pain?

"And you are supposed to be a sect elder who guides her disciples? How laughable." Su Yang snorted coldly.

"You...!" Anger flashed across Elder Lan’s eyes, but she didn’t say anything — she couldn’t. If what he said was true, then she can only blame herself for being too prideful.

"If what you are saying is true, then what are you suggesting? That I should hurry up and go spread my legs for a man?"

Su Yang stared at the quivering light in her eyes for a moment. He then shook his head and said: "While that would be the most efficient and quickest way to balance your Yin... I have another method that does not require you to spread anything. However, I am only willing to do it if you accept three conditions."

Elder Lan turned silent, her gaze still with hesitation.

"What are these conditions?" she asked.

Su Yang lifted his fingers one by one and said: "One, you will be here once a week for the next three months for treatment. Two, you will not speak of whatever happens in this room to anyone – not even your seniors. And lastly, you are to be my sponsor for this service and advertise for me."

"What? You want me to advertise for you, an Outer Court disciple? You must be out of your mind! I am a sect elder! I am still too young to throw my face around like candy! I refuse!" Elder Lan crossed her arms, looking adamant on her decision.

"Is that so? Then, good luck to you, Elder Lan. I have already given you the answer you seek for treatment. If there is nothing else you need, please leave... and don’t forget to close the door after yourself."

Su Yang laid on the bed and closed his eyes as though he wanted to take a nap.

"..."

"....."

"...."

Elder Lan could only stand there with a bewildered expression, her body trembling from anger. Not once since she became a sect elder 10 years ago had she experienced such disregard and disgrace from anyone, let alone a mere Outer Court disciple! Not once – until she met Su Yang!

"Su Yang! How dare you talk to a sect elder with such a disrespectful tone! I have tolerated your attitude for far too long! I will have you expelled from this sect by tomorrow!"

However, despite her loud voice filled with anger – despite being threatened with expulsion from the sect – Su Yang remained unmoving on his bed with a comfortable expression on his face, almost as if none of her words had entered his ears.

"Su Yang...!" Elder Lan growled his name in a low voice. "I will remember this!"

Just as she was prepared to storm out of his room, an excruciating pain appeared in her buttocks, causing her to fall on her knees. "Why now?!" she cursed inwardly.

It was at this moment Su Yang opened his eyes, and Elder Lan’s round rear was the first and only thing he could see.

After struggling on the ground for a half a minute, Elder Lan finally gave up.

"S-Su... Yang... I... I accept your... conditions! J-Just... help me... Please!" she said in a crying voice, tears falling off the corners of her closed eyes.

Su Yang sighed as he rolled his sleeves. "Very well... stick your butt towards my way and don’t move..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12 Overwhelmed by Pleasure
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Su Yang’s fair hands approached Elder Lan’s rear with a calm expression on his face, seemingly unaffected by the situation, as though he was used to it.

A second later, he lifts her robes, revealing her snow-white buttocks, silky red undergarment, and her long, smooth legs.

Her butt was round, perky and smooth-looking, like two pieces of beautiful pearl next to each other. Even in his previous life, Su Yang has not seen many maidens with buttocks as beautiful and flawless as Elder Lan’s.

He gently caressed it as though it was a fragile treasure. The moment Su Yang’s finger touched the surface of Elder Lan’s jade-like skin, her body trembled. He then pushed all ten of his fingers deep into her soft buttcheeks, sending a shock of pleasure through her body.

"Ahhh~!" Elder Lan unintentionally moaned from the sudden pleasure in midst her immense pain. She wasn’t in the right mind to pay attention to what Su Yang was doing behind her, but whatever it was, she wanted more.

Su Yang continued to massage her butt, and the way he massaged it made it look as though he was kneading bread, each movement made with flawless precision.

Elder Lan’s pain gradually subdued, and pleasure quickly overwhelmed her.

"Ahh... more... ahhh..." Her body began feeling lust for the first time, and she unconsciously pleaded for more. Her black eyes flickered like the stars in a night sky, and a dark spot appeared in the middle of her red undergarment between her legs, gradually growing larger and darker.

Her bottom lips suddenly felt a tingling sensation, and her body began trembling even harder. Elder Lan felt fear and nervousness; she knew that this pleasure would soon consume her body and soul, yet she didn’t tell Su Yang to stop.

"S-Something... something is coming...!" She suddenly felt an urge to pee.

It was at this moment Su Yang slid a finger underneath her underwear, touching the most sensitive part of her body – the clitoris.

The moment his finger touched her little pink jewel, Elder Lan felt as though her body was struck by lighting, temporarily shutting down her mind and body for an instant. And in that instant, the dam blocking the water within her body was released, causing a flow of sparkling water to gush out like a fountain.

"Ahhhh!" Elder Lan, for the first time in her life, has finally experienced an orgasm.

Su Yang retrieved his hand that was soaking wet from Elder Lan’s virgin juice from under her robe and casually dried it with his own robe.

"Since the Yin within your body was unstable, the only other option was to have your body release them." Su Yang said to Elder Lan, who was laying on the cold floor, her body still twitching from the aftermath, and he continued: "I will also give you a prescription later on. Be sure to take it every day or the pain will return before our next treatment."

"Haaa... haaa... haaa..." Elder Lan did not reply to him; she was too busy trying to breathe properly. The inside of her mind was chaotic, it was as though a thousand beasts were rampaging within.

Su Yang did not bother her and went to wash his hands. Afterward, he took out a pen and paper and began writing a prescription for her.

By the time he was done, Elder Lan had only just calmed down... mentally. She propelled herself off the floor and glared at Su Yang with killing intent, her face beet red like a tomato.

Time passed extremely slowly at this moment; it felt as though time had stopped for Elder Lan. Never in her life would she have imagined that her body would be played around in such a fashion by a mere Outer Court disciple. Just thinking about the shameless expressions she made and how vulgar she acted during the treatment was enough for her to want to kill herself. Furthermore, the fact that she enjoyed it immensely only made her feel worse.

"Here’s your prescription, don’t forget to take it..." Su Yang handed a piece of paper to her.

"..."

Seeing how Elder Lan sat there like a stone statue, Su Yang sighed. "Don’t think too much about it; it was just treatment for your illness. Just act as though nothing happened..."

"...Act as though nothing happened...? Do you think I can do something like that?!" Elder Lan suddenly shouted, causing Su Yang to lift an eyebrow.

"My body is now dirty from your hands! All the efforts that I have spent into keeping it pure are now worthless! Not to mention you are only a mere Outer Court disciple and I am a sect elder! How are you going to take responsibility?!"

"D-Dirty?" Su Yang’s suddenly frowned. "How ungrateful! Even after all the efforts that I had put into saving you from your misery! Do you have any idea how many women in this world would die to have their body touched by me? Hmph! Get out!" He coldly snorted, feeling enraged for the first time since his rebirth.

Elder Lan’s expression froze after seeing the cold look on Su Yang’s usually calm face, and a feeling of fear appeared in her heart.

"I... I..." Elder Lan suddenly bit her lips. She then forced herself to stand up, and despite having no strength remaining in her legs, she managed to walk herself out the door... after stumbling and falling a few times on the way there.

After Elder Lan’s figure disappeared from his sight, Su Yang collapsed on the bed with an exhausted expression. "Really... an ungrateful woman..." he smiled bitterly before slowly falling asleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13 Feeling Ashamed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took all of Elder Lan’s energy and effort to walk back to her living quarters. Her legs would give up every so often, and the tingling sensation around her bottom lips has yet to subdue, causing slight water to flow out with every step she took. When the disciples saw her, they believed that she was extremely drunk.

When she finally arrived at her living quarters, she noticed the little girl dozing off by the door.

"Qi Yue..." Elder Lan’s mood became better at the sight of her cute face.

"Sister Lan! You are back!" Qi Yue finally noticed her approaching figure and quickly stood up.

"How did it go? Were you able to meet with senior apprentice-brother Su?" she mentioned the one name Elder Lan didn’t want to hear at this moment.

"...I found him..." she sighed.

"Then was he able to help you?"

Despite not wanting to answer her question, Elder Lan bit her lips and slowly nodded.

"Then why are you walking like that... oh..." Qi Yue quickly realized how stupid her question was. How could she not recognize Elder Lan’s sloppy movements when she, herself, had gone through the same ordeal?

Elder Lan frowned when she noticed Qi Yue blushing. Why would she be blushing?

Suddenly, Elder Lan recalled the night Qi Yue came to her house when she spoke of Su Yang. She remembered very clearly the way Qi Yue walked around with her tofu legs, almost as though she had experienced something that absorbed all the strength in her.

"No... no way... did Su Yang also touch you...?" Elder Lan covered her mouth with shock, not daring to believe her thoughts.

Qi Yue misunderstood the meaning behind Elder Lan’s question and nodded sheepishly.

"That bastard Su Yang! Forget about me, how dare he touch someone as young Qi Yue?! She is only 12!" Elder Lan cursed at him inwardly.

"I’ll kill him! I will definitely kill that pervert!" she growled in a low voice.

Qi Yue looked at her with a shocked expression. "Sister Lan?"

"And you, Qi Yue! The sect forbids those under the age of 16 to indulge in any sexual practices no matter how minor that action may be! You think I will turn a blind eye to it just because of our relationship?"

Qi Yue blinked a few times in quick succession, looking a bit dazed at Elder Lan’s frowning face. "What does Sister Lan by that?" she asked in an innocent voice.

"You are still acting ignorant now? You just said it yourself, that Su Yang had touched you!"

"Ah!" Qi Yue finally comprehended the situation and flustered: "You’re wrong! Senior apprentice-brother Su did not do anything of that sorts to me! He only sucked the poison out of my legs after loosening up my muscle!"

Elder Lan’s expression froze at her words. "What? But..."

"Senior apprentice-brother Su is not a pervert! He only did what he had to in order to treat my legs!" Qi Yue said in a slightly angry tone. Even if it was her beloved elder sister, she cannot stay calm when someone bad-mouths the one who saved her life.

"..."

It was a first even for her to see Qi Yue get so emotional for someone she just met. And the image of Su Yang’s cold expression appeared in her head, causing a stir within her heart.

"He only did he had to in order to save her..." Elder Lan looked down at her body; there was no pain... only pleasure.

"If he wanted to, he could’ve taken advantage of me during my state of vulnerability, even taking my chastity, yet he didn’t do such a thing." Elder Lan was sure that during the heat of the moment, she would not have refused Su Yang if he wanted to take things one, even two or three steps further. She began regretting the harsh words she said to him. Not to mention she was the one who approached him for help and not the other way around.

"I took the shame I had for myself upon him as anger and offended him... ahh... I am really stupid..." Elder Lan sighed deeply. She was ashamed of herself when she realized what had happened during the treatment, how she was acting like a dog in heat.

The lustful expression on her face, the vulgar words that came out of her mouth, the way her body desired more – everything she acted upon during Su Yang’s treatment had caused her to be ashamed of herself.

"Sister Lan...?" Qi Yue looked at Elder Lan’s disheartened face with a worried look.

"You are right, Qi Yue. I apologize for speaking rudely about Su Yang. He did save your life, after all. Not to mention my butt..." she showed her a gentle smile.

After staying with Qi Yue for a little longer, the two departed.

When she returned to her room, Elder Lan undressed and went directly to clean herself. Inside the bath, she stared at her naked body, seemingly dazed. She was recalling the time she spent inside Su Yang’s room, remembering the way he touched her body and the immense pleasure she felt between her legs during her discharge.

Her fair hands suddenly approached her bottom lips, and she began caressing the little pink jewel inside the lips. Elder Lan wasn’t sure why she was doing this, but her hands moved continuously, trying to replicate the heavenly sensation she felt before.

However, no matter how much she rubbed or touched herself, the feeling was just vastly different from how she felt when her body was being taken care of by Su Yang. There was something fundamentally different from the way touched her and the way she touched herself; it was as though her body was not satisfied with her own hands and only wanted Su Yang.

"Haaa...." Elder Lan left the bath sighing, feeling ashamed of her own actions.

–

–

–

It was already midnight by the time Su Yang woke up. The first thing he did when opening his eyes was to cultivate. He sat cross-legged on his bed, and a profound aura surrounded him.

His hands suddenly glowed a faint blue; he was cultivating the Yin he collected from Elder Lan’s holy water. Although the amount was pitiful, it was enough to benefit his cultivation base greatly.

"Virgins are really the best..." Su Yang silently absorbed the Yin in his hands, his cultivation base soaring with every second.

The quality of Yin or Yang obtained from those who are pure and those who are not is like comparing heaven and earth, hence why pure maidens are valued far more in this world.

Su Yang suddenly snapped his eyes and countless flickering lights glowed within. He had a breakthrough, reaching the fifth level of Elementary Spirit Realm. As for the progress on his physique; it had barely moved. That was the difference between Qi Refiners and Body Refiners. Every hundred steps a Qi Refiner takes, a Body Refiner would have taken only ten.

Su Yang looked at the moon through the windows, feeling melancholy. The sight of the moon caused the image of a peerless beauty, who was known as the Goddess of the Moon in his past life, to appear in his thoughts.

And for the remainder of the night, he stared at the moon, recalling the exciting experiences of his past life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14 A Group of Beauties
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elder Lan woke up early in the morning. After dealing with the necessities, she went directly to Su Yang’s living quarters.

"Elder Lan!" Tang Hu greeted her at the door again.

"Su Yang... is he inside?"

"Yes, elder. Su Yang is still inside. I will go get him for you right this moment..."

"Wait."

"Eh?"

"I can get him myself."

Tang Hu watch Elder Lan viciously knock on Su Yang’s door with a worried face. To offend someone as highly respected as Elder Lan, Su Yang’s life as a disciple in this sect is already considered over...

"Hm? Elder Lan! Time sure passes by quickly! Is it already time for our next appointment?" Su Yang walked out of his room with a beaming smile, and whatever Elder Lan had prepared in her mind disappeared like smoke the moment she saw his face. She then recalled the time she spent here yesterday, and her face flushed red.

Elder Lan could feel her heart beating erratically, like war drums. This is the first time she’s been so flustered at the sight of someone, let alone a man. Not to mention her image of Su Yang had changed dramatically overnight, and he seemed much more charming and handsome than yesterday. Even the core of her body trembled; it was as though her body could sense Su Yang’s presence nearby, wishing to get closer.

"You..." Elder Lan was speechless. Although she came here with a purpose, the moment she saw Su Yang, everything in her mind blanked as though it was consumed by an invisible black hole.

"Here, you left swiftly yesterday and forgot to bring this with you..." Su Yang handed her the paper with her prescription on it.

Elder Lan instinctively accepted the paper with stiff movements, her eyes still glued to Su Yang’s face.

"Why? Why are you doing this...?" she suddenly mumbled. "Despite all the harsh things I said to you, you’re still willing to help me?"

Her words wiped the smile off Su Yang’s face. He looked at her with a calm expression, his gaze flickering with a profound light.

"Because I am a man..." Su Yang’s simple sentence threw both Elder Lan and Tang Hu off their feet. What kind of answer was that? Because he is a man?

"...I am a man of my words. You asked me for help and I gave you my word that I will help you. That’s the only reason I need to help you."

"..."

His words left Elder Lan speechless.

"Are you not satisfied with my answer?"

After a moment, Elder Lan sighed. "No, that’s more than enough."

She turned around and walked towards the door. "I will also keep my words and fulfill the conditions," she said to him before leaving with a bitter smile.

–

–

–

"Su Yang, what’s your relationship with Elder Lan?" Tang Hu asked after she left. Their interaction gave him many questions with little answers, and he was curious.

"Just a customer of mine..." Su Yang said casually.

"C-Customer...?" Tang Hu became even more puzzled. What kind of customer and for what service? However, he decided not to probe their relationship any further. He had a feeling that if he did, he would surely regret it.

Su Yang left the house shortly after Elder Lan disappeared. There was only one place he would go so early in the morning – the training grounds.

However, he brought with him a new sign, one that read –

"Heavenly Massage – experience 10 minutes of heaven at the low cost of 10 Premium Points!"

The sign caused many odd expressions to stare at him. Getting 10 Premium Points would require the completion of a low-rank mission that may take days to finish, yet Su Yang wanted to charge someone that much for a mere massage that was obviously exaggerated?

"Su Yang! There’s a limit to how shameless you can be!"

"10 Premium Points for some shitty massage?! That’s robbery in daylight!"

"I wouldn’t even let you touch me for free, let alone pay 10 Premium Points!"

The training grounds suddenly became lively with Su Yang’s presence. Everybody there laughed at him and his sign, yet they were also secretly surprised.

If they recalled it correctly, Su Yang’s first sign stated that the first three would be free. Now that he’s actually charging them, does this mean there were actually three idiots who were willing to trust him with their body?

Su Yang stood there for the entire morning without a single customer. The training ground was quiet again with the disciple bored of talking about Su Yang. However, the moment the sunset arrived, a group of ten disciples appeared near the gate, seemingly looking for someone.

Because everybody within that group was a beauty, they quickly caught the attention of the disciples training there.

"Why are the people from the Medicine Hall doing here? Is someone hurt?" Some disciples there recognized their red and white robes.

One of the beauty suddenly noticed Su Yang and his sign, alerting the rest of the group.

Everybody there watched as the group approached Su Yang, their gaze filled with curiosity.

"Are you Su Yang?" asked the beauty leading the group.

"I am."

"Great. I have heard great praises about your massage service from our Master. She advised us to come here and experience it for ourselves. I hope you do not mind the number of people I brought here today..."

Su Yang smiled and said: "The more the merrier."

"However, before I accept you, there are three conditions you must accept."

"We are already aware of the conditions, but feel free to refresh our memories."

"Condition one, the session will only last for 10 minutes. Condition two, you must share your experience after the massage with ten people. Condition three, you are only allowed to come back one month after your last massage session."

The beauty nodded: "Our junior apprentice-sister said the same, and we agree to your conditions."

"Then follow me." Su Yang packed the sign and left the training ground.

The disciples there watched with disbelief in their eyes as Su Yang led the group of beauties from the Medicine Hall away from the training ground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15 Senior Sister Spectating Her Junior Sister
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Su Yang... W-What is going on...?" Tang Hu’s jaw dropped to the floor when Su Yang returned with a group of ten beauties. How did he manage to gather so many beauties at once, even convincing them to follow him home? Since when did he become such a playboy?

"They are my customers." Su Yang said with a nonchalant expression.

"Customers? Again?" Tang Hu wondered if they are the same type of customer as Elder Lan. What on earth has Su Yang been doing for the past few days?

After Su Yang finished with his preparations, he invited the girls into his room one at a time while the rest waited outside in the living room.

When the doors to Su Yang’s room closed, the girls waiting outside began talking.

"Master guaranteed us that he is trustworthy, but... I don’t feel comfortable being here..." said one of the girls.

"Hey, you are Su Yang’s roommate, right? Tell us about him." The girls looked at Tang Hu, who was nervously standing by the wall and observing them.

"Eh? Ah... um... Although we are roommates, we never had any real conversation, so even I don’t know much about him. However, he always has this mysterious feeling surrounding him... I can never tell what he’s thinking or comprehend his actions."

"A mysterious man, huh? Sounds kind of sexy, don’t you girls think so, too?"

"Well... if only there weren’t so many negative rumors about him..."

"Um... senior apprentice-sisters are from the Medicine Hall, correct? What are you all doing here with Su Yang? He called seniors apprentice-sisters his customers?"

"Hm? You don’t know about his massage service?"

The girls looked at him oddly. Are they really roommates? They seem to know nothing about each other.

"Massage service?" Tang Hu looked at them with wide eyes filled with disbelief. "You are all here for a massage from Su Yang?"

They nodded, confirming his doubt.

"We had a bet with our Master. She said that if we can walk out of here, after receiving a massage from Su Yang, without stumbling once, then she will give each of us a Profound Yin Pill."

"Profound Yin Pill?! The valuable pill that greatly enhances the Yin in females?" Tang Hu was shocked. Why would someone wager such an expensive resource? Not to mention ten at once!

"Your Master..." Tang Hu recalled Su Yang calling Elder Lan his customer. "Is it Elder Lan?"

They nodded. "Although we do not know why Master made such a bet with us, this bet will surely be a piece of cake to win."

"Hehehe... We all get a Profound Yin Pill after a massage... Perhaps this is her way of rewarding us for our hard work?"

"One Profound Yin Pill will cost us 3,000 Premium Points at the White Pearl Treasury, yet we only need to pay 10 Premium Points to get our hands on one! This is too easy!"

The group of beauties laughed, sounding like a group of birds singing.

Suddenly, the door to Su Yang’s room opened, and Su Yang walked out calmly.

"Oh? Has it been ten minutes already?"

"Yes, who is next?" Su Yang said to them calmly.

"Huh? What about senior apprentice-sister Xuan?" The girls asked about the girl who went inside first.

"She is having trouble moving," said Su Yang in a nonchalant tone, and he continued: "And she asked me to allow her to stay inside for a little bit longer."

The girls looked at him with confused faces.

"Why is she having trouble moving? Is she okay?" One of them asked in a worried tone.

"You don’t have to worry, she’ll be fine; her body is just a little bit sensitive after the massage."

"..."

"So? Who’s next?"

None of the girls there were able to see anything out of the ordinary from Su Yang’s calm face, so they did not ask any more questions.

A little later, the second girl walked into his room, and the first thing she noticed after entering was senior apprentice-sister Xuan, who was breathing heavily as she was struggling to get off the bed, her face red like a tomato.

"Senior apprentice-sister Xuan?! Are you okay?" The girl quickly went to support her, but Xuan pushed her away and said: "Don’t touch me! You will only make this worse!"

"Senior apprentice-sister...?"

"I am... fine... my body is just... a little sensitive..." said Xuan as she looked at Su Yang with flickering eyes, her face reddening even more.

Su Yang smiled at her, and he turned to the second girl. "Come on the bed, we will begin right away."

The girl looked at him and the wrinkled bed with hesitation in her eyes. She had a feeling that if she were to lay on that bed, then she may never live her life in the same light again.

"Junior apprentice-sister Yu... go ahead and lay on the bed... you won’t regret it..." Xuan said to her with a gentle smile that was also a malicious grin. She wanted her fellow apprentice-sister to experience what she had just moments ago because when more people share the same experience, her embarrassment would also lessen.

Encouraged by her senior-apprentice sister, whom she trusted greatly, disciple Yu decided to throw away her hesitation and laid on the bed that still lingered with Xuan’s body fragrance.

"Then... let us begin..." Su Yang said to her.

Seconds later, the room echoed with a pleasant-sounding moan that wouldn’t end until ten minutes later.

Disciple Xuan, who was sitting by the corner trying to recover her strength stared at Su Yang with wide eyes, seemingly mesmerized by his graceful movements and calm face. How could he be so calm in such a situation? He looked as though he was playing an instrument — the girl on his bed being the instrument.

"That was how he was also touching my body?" Xuan’s body heated up just from watching Su Yang massage her junior apprentice-sister.

As for disciple Yu, who was aware of her senior apprentice-sister who was also in the same room as her, paid no attention to Xuan’s presence and continued to moan crazily without any restraint.

"Did I also make similar shameful faces and let out such vulgar noises while being touched by him?" Xuan covered her mouth from shock. And the more she watched her junior apprentice-sister enjoy herself, the more her lower body trembled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16 Touch Me More, Daddy!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ten minutes passed by within the blink of an eye. Su Yang stopped his movements and walked away from the bed while Yu tried to return to earth from heaven. Her mind has yet to catch up to the present and was still feeling Su Yang’s fingers touching her body.

Xuan, who had her mouth covered for the entire duration, finally removed her hands from her mouth that was still wide open from shock.

In her mind, she came to a realization that the wager Elder Lan made with them has suddenly turned into a bet that was impossible for them to win. However, between the Profound Yin Pill and Su Yang’s heavenly massage... it was a win-win situation for them, so she wasn’t too dejected from losing out on the Profound Yin Pill. As a matter of fact, she would even willingly trade a Profound Yin Pill just to feel Su Yang’s hands touching her body for ten more minutes!

A few minutes later, the door to Su Yang’s room opened.

"Who’s next?" Su Yang asked calmly to the puzzled stares directed at him.

"What happened to junior apprentice-sister Yu? What about senior apprentice-sister Xuan?" they questioned him with suspicion in their eyes.

"Nothing happened to us..." Xuan walked out of the room with her face still flushed red.

"Senior apprentice-sister Xuan!"

"Junior apprentice-sister Yu cannot move properly at the moment and asked to stay inside for a bit longer," said Xuan, trying her best not to blush.

"Again?" The girls looked at Su Yang and the room with a wary expression.

"I will be next."

One of the girls suddenly stood up and approached Su Yang, her face showing a determined expression.

When Su Yang and the third girl disappeared into the room, Xuan fell to the floor in an exaggerated manner.

"Senior apprentice-sister Xuan?!" The girls cried out in shock, and they all ran to assist her.

After sitting down on a chair, Xuan said with a shy smile: "I am fine... my legs are still too sensitive to be walking around..."

Then she continued: "Do you all recall the bet Master made with us? That if we can walk out of this room without stumbling, then she will give us a Profound Yin Pill?"

The girls nodded.

"Forget about the bet and just enjoy yourselves..."

"What are you saying, senior apprentice-sister Xuan?"

"I mean... Master made that bet with us knowing that it would be impossible for her to lose..."

"What?!"

The girls exclaimed loudly.

"How is that even possible?"

"What happened in there?"

"Was the massage that good?"

Xuan smiled bitterly and said: "I... experienced heaven inside, and I almost didn’t want to return..."

The jaws of everyone there dropped to the ground, especially Tang Hu.

–

–

–

Inside the room, the new girl looked at Disciple Yu, who was sitting by the corner and starring back at her, with a dumbfounded expression.

"Junior apprentice-sister Yu? What are you doing there in the corner?"

"..." Yu remained silent, seemingly too embarrassed to answer her.

The girl turned to look at Su Yang with narrowed eyes and asked: "What did you do to her?"

"My job," he replied in a calm manner.

"Senior apprentice-sister Shang... Su Yang did nothing wrong... please believe him..." Yu finally said in a low voice, and she continued: "My body is just a little bit sensitive from the massage, so I will be resting here for a moment..."

Shang frowned and said, "Why does it have to be in here? Why can’t you rest outside?"

Yu blushed at her question.

"Because... senior apprentice-sister Xuan also did the same..." she said in an even lower voice.

"What are you–"

"Sorry to interrupt you, but I have a line of customers waiting outside," said Su Yang. "If you do not mind, please lay on the bed so we can get started."

Shang looked at him in silence for a moment and snorted, "Hmph! I shall see for myself what you have up your sleeves!"

She laid on the bed and waited for Su Yang to begin, her gaze staring at Yu, who seemed worried with an expression saying, "Do you really want to look at me during the treatment?"

Moments later, Shang regretted looking at Yu the second Su Yang began his treatment. Her eyes rolled up, and a loud moan unintentionally escaped from her mouth.

"Ahhhhh~"

When Yu witnessed Shang’s vulgar face, her head exploded in red. She could not help but recall herself being in the same shoe just minutes ago; it was as though she was watching herself instead.

"Th...This is what senior apprentice-sister Xuan saw when watching me!?" she wanted to cry but no tears came out...

Yu wasn’t sure how loud she was moaning during the treatment, but she figured that it must have been pretty loud since she didn’t hold back.

"I cannot look at senior apprentice-sister Xuan in the face ever again or I will die from shame!"

"More... more! Touch me more, daddy!"

"Ehhh?!?!?" Yu’s eyes popped out of its sockets when Shang addressed Su Yang as her ’daddy’.

Even Su Yang couldn’t help but raise an eyebrow. The last time someone called him ’daddy’, he was nearly kidnapped and imprisoned to be a sex slave for the girl.

However, Shang didn’t seem to be aware of what she’d just said and continued moaning, shocking Yu even further.

"Did I... also say something that embarrassing? I don’t remember! I can’t remember anything!"

While panicking, Yu continued watching her senior apprentice-sister Shang scream in pleasure, her body trembling at every moan, and the image of her senior apprentice-sister Shang – whom she held with high regards and respected greatly – would only slowly shatter in her mind the longer she watched.

However, despite all the embarrassment she was experiencing, Yu couldn’t help but continue staring with unblinking eyes, it was as though she was mesmerized by the heavenly scene.

"I want to switch places..." she sighed some moments later.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17 Horrifying, yet Tempting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Shang stared at Su Yang with fierce eyes, her hands covering her body in a protective manner. The situation looked as though Su Yang had assaulted her both physically and mentally.

"What? Do you want me to acknowledge you as my daughter?" Su Yang smiled, causing Shang’s blood to boil from embarrassment.

"I... I will remember this!" Shang mumbled in a low voice, her gaze staring daggers at Su Yang.

"I’m sure you will," Su Yang shrugged at her words; he has heard the same words too many times in his previous life.

Yu wiped the drool from the corner or her lips and thought to herself: "He managed to make all three of us experience heaven without touching any inappropriate spots... If he did... would we experience an even higher heaven?"

Yu suddenly desired to feel Su Yang’s hands caressing her bottom lips, perhaps even exploring directly inside her pink world.

—

—

—

Sometime later, Yu and Shang walked out of Su Yang’s room, both looking exhausted.

"Senior apprentice-sister Shang! Junior apprentice-sister Yu! Are you okay?!" The girls outside went to assist them.

"Master... she had us all fooled! Getting that Profound Yin Pill is simply impossible!" Shang sighed, dumbfounding the girls.

And she continued: "I knew it sounded too good to be true... for us to obtain Profound Yin Pills so easily ... but this is simply bullying..."

Everyone there except Xuan and Yu looked dazed, seemingly unable to comprehend her words. How could a mere massage seem so frightening?

"Next." Su Yang’s calm voice caused the girls’ hearts to skip a beat. None of them dared to step forth, afraid of the result.

"... If there is nobody else, then—"

"Wait! I am next! I don’t believe that I will lose to someone like you!"

"Junior apprentice-sister Ming!" The girls looked at their youngest with surprise.

"Very well... follow me."

Su Yang and Ming disappeared into the room.

—

—

—

Ten minutes later, the door finally opens.

"Junior apprentice-sister Ming?!" The girls cried loudly, looking shocked when Ming crawled out from the room with tears in her eyes. Her body was so sensitive that even something as simple as standing was deemed impossible after one try.

"Anyone else?" Su Yang glanced at the remaining girls, sending chills down their spines.

"..."

Never in their dreams would these girls even imagine that they would one day encounter a situation this horrifying yet tempting at the same time.

The girls no longer saw this situation as a bet but more of a challenge from Su Yang, who was saying with his smile: "You think you can resist my techniques? Come! I dare you!"

"I am next!"

Another girl walked forward, and they entered the room.

Ten minutes later, the girl comes out with messy hair and a reddened face.

The hope in the girls’ eyes dimmed with every defeat. Their chances of getting the Profound Yin Pill was looking grimmer and more impossible.

However, despite that, they all dared to challenge Su Yang. None of them were willing to lose face by admitting defeat to some kid who was years behind them in age and experience.

But alas, the moment Su Yang executed his techniques, the girls all surrendered their bodies, even pleading for more.

—

—

—

Soon, only one girl who has yet to experience the massage remained.

"Senior apprentice-sister Xiao... it is your turn..."

"Junior apprentice-sister Xiao... you are the only one who hasn’t..."

Disciple Xiao looked at her fellow sisters with a horrified expression.

"But...But I already have a partner... I cannot allow another man to..." Xiao tried to excuse herself out of this one, but her sisters sneered.

"Hmph! We all have our own partners, too!"

"It’s not like he’s doing anything vulgar... it’s just a normal massage..."

"Which part of this is normal?! Look at all of you laying on the floor! Look into the mirror and see the expression you are all making! Not even the roughest dual cultivation could possibly make all of you look this shameful! What happened to your elegance?!" Xiao still refused. Just a glance at Su Yang standing by his room caused her to tremble. Standing there, Su Yang looked like the devil, and the entrance to the room was the door to hell — a place that will consume one’s soul.

"I will not force anyone that does not want my service," Su Yang said. "If that is all, then we are done here."

The girls looked at Xiao with pity in their gaze. She has no idea what she’d just missed out on and will surely regret her decision one day.

"Umm... Su Yang..." Disciple Yu suddenly called for him, her face showing signs of shyness.

"What is it?" He turned to look at her.

"I-If you ever need help, you can come to me, Yu Yan, for advice... Although I am only an Outer Court disciple, as someone from the Medicine Hall, I have many connections within the sect... so if you ever need something, you can come to me..."

"How sly!" The other girls looked at her with wide eyes. None of the sisters there could have imagined that the youngest amongst them would actually take the lead!

"Su Yang! My name is Xuan Jinglin! I will also be available if you need anything! You can find me in the Medicine Hall or even at my living quarters—"

"I am Jia Biyu! I can also—"

The girls began fighting each other for the chance to introduce themselves to Su Yang, dumbfounding Xiao, and Tang Hu, who has been standing there like a dumb chicken since the beginning.

"Acting like a bunch of horny dogs! This is all because of Su Yang!" Xiao couldn’t bear to watch her fellow apprentice-sisters shatter their images anymore, so she turned and left the place.

When Xiao left, the others sighed. Although a bit exaggerated, they believed that their reactions are justified.

The commotion quickly subdued, and when the girls prepared to leave, Su Yang reminded them: "Don’t forget your words."

"Let alone ten people, I shall spread your service to everyone I know."

"Me too!"

"I will see you next month..."

"...Me too..."

Su Yang watched the girls depart with a gentle smile on his face. When they left, Tang Hu fell to the floor with a shocked face.

He couldn’t believe it. Since when did Su Yang become popular, even causing so many senior apprentice-sisters to fall on their knees for him?

Su Yang glanced at Tang Hu and chuckled. "Get used to it, there will be plenty more coming later."

"Plenty more..." Tang Hu rolled his eyes, nearly falling unconscious. He could already sense a storm gathering around this place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18 Lingering Fragrance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the girls from the Medicine Hall left, Su Yang locked himself inside his room. He sat cross-legged on his bed, his eyes closed.

He took a deep breath through his nose, enjoying the flowery fragrance emitting from the bed. The scent of those nine girls still lingered, and it smelled like a flower bed with nine different unique flowers.

Besides the lingering fragrance, the bed also emitted faint Yin Qi. This Yin Qi came from those nine girls who had discharged themselves during their climaxes.

Su Yang used what little Yin Qi remained on the bed to cultivate himself. Although laughable when compared to Elder Lan’s virgin Yin Qi, it was still enough to benefit his cultivation base slightly.

Meanwhile, Tang Hu opened the door to another visitor.

"Meng Jia..." Tang Hu was greeted by his partner at the door.

"What’s wrong? You seem down..." Meng Jia said in a worried tone.

"I think you should stay away from this place for sometime..."

"What!?" Meng Jia instantly paled. "Did I do something wrong? Something to upset you?"

The way Tang Hu worded his sentence made it seem like Meng Jia had done something to offend him, hence why he wanted her to stay away from him for now.

"Eh? No, no, no. You didn’t do anything wrong. It’s just that... this place will get chaotic soon..." Tang Hu corrected himself the instant he realized the misunderstanding.

"Chaotic? How? What’s happening?" Meng Jia couldn’t wrap her head around the situation.

"Su Yang... I don’t know what he’s trying to do, but whatever it is, he will get himself in situations I don’t dare to imagine..." Tang Hu recalled the bizarre situation this morning. If it continues to happen, then it will only be a matter of time before Su Yang offends someone he cannot afford to offend.

"Su Yang? Where is he right now?"

"He’s inside his room... Doing what, I have no idea. However, you need to stay away from this place... him..." Tang Hu was anxious for Meng Jia, who might fall into Su Yang’s hands if she were to experience his massage that caused those nine girls to go crazy.

In this sect, while disciples are not allowed to force another to participate in dual cultivation, there was no such rule that prevents one from stealing another disciple’s partner. If it’s Su Yang, Tang Hu believes that he could easily snatch girls away from people as easy as taking candy from a baby.

Just thinking about the possibility of Su Yang stealing Meng Jia from his grasp made Tang Hu feel anxious.

"Whatever you are worried about, I will make it go away in bed! Come, let’s cultivate," said Meng Jia as she pulled Tang Hu into his room, not giving him time to refuse.

–

–

–

Su Yang stayed locked inside his room until the sunset arrived. He organized the bed and took a quick bath before heading back out to the training grounds to wait for more customers.

Although he is still miles away from reaching 10,000 Premium Points for the Pure Yang Flower, Su Yang was confident that he will be able to obtain that much in the next few days.

A few minutes later, Su Yang arrived at the training grounds. Upon his arrival, Su Yang noticed the large group of beauties standing around where he would normally set up his sign. There were at least 30 figures gathered there, and they all looked as though they were waiting for something – or somebody.

Furthermore, the moment Su Yang stepped foot inside the training ground, somebody shouted: "There’s Su Yang!"

When the group of girls heard the name ’Su Yang’, they all turned to look at him with curiosity on their faces.

"He’s ’that’ Su Yang, right? Does he really have such heaven-defying hand techniques?"

"I don’t know, but senior apprentice-sister Xuan promised us that she will give each of us 200 Premium Points if his service does not satisfy us..."

"10 Premium Points, right? Hehe, senior apprentice-sister Xuan will surely regret making that promise with us after we are done here!"

The girls approached Su Yang with gleeful expressions.

"Su Yang, we are all here to experience your techniques. If you cannot satisfy us, then you’d better apologize to senior apprentice-sister Xuan for causing her to lose face for you!"

Su Yang smiled and said: "If I am unable to satisfy even one of you girls, then I will gladly cut off my own hands and feed it to the pigs."

Su Yang’s confident voice and bold statement alongside his calm expression dumbfounded the girls.

"Heh... you seem very confident in your own abilities, but I hope you won’t regret your words afterward!"

After the girls accepted his three conditions, Su Yang led them to his living quarters. Meanwhile, Tang Hu began freaking out when he noticed the massive group of girls following Su Yang from the windows.

"How did he gather so many customers in such a short time?! He just left the house, too!" Tang Hu began moving the furniture to the walls so it would not be too crowded inside the house. He also made sure to put chairs right outside Su Yang’s room so they could be reached easily when his customers come out. Afterward, Tang Hu holed himself inside his room, afraid of the mayhem that may soon occur.

Upon arriving at the front door, Su Yang said to the girls: "Because the place is small, I will have at most 10 people inside at once, and the rest will have to wait outside."

Although unhappy, the girls did not complain.

When Su Yang saw the changes made to the house, he nearly laughed. "What a thoughtful guy,’ he thought.

"Now... who’s first?" Su Yang stood by the door to his room with a welcoming smile, his gaze at the beauties in the room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19 The Only and True Path to Heaven
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Su Yang opened the door, and his fifth customer staggered out of the room with a dazed expression, seemingly drunk from alcohol.

When the girls outside saw her condition, they forcefully swallowed their saliva in shock.

"This is already the fifth one… could his technique really be that good?"

"Just looking at the expression on their faces when they come out makes my body heat up for some reason…"

"Who's next?! Hurry up! We don't have all day here!"

Some girls were getting impatient from waiting. Just seeing the blissful expression on those who received Su Yang's massage was enough to make their hearts itch, wishing that it would be their turn already.

As for those who had already experienced Su Yang's techniques, some stayed inside the house sitting on the chairs prepared for them, as they are unable to walk, while others were forced to stop and answer questions.

"How did it feel?"

"It was… otherworldly… it felt as though I was drifting along the stars in the starry sky…"

"On a scale of 1 to 10, how good was it?"

"Scale? How could I possibly put a scale on it?! It was so good I couldn't comprehend it!"

The place quickly became chaotic. Soon, every person there was itching to experience Su Yang's technique.

An hour quickly passed.

Su Yang has treated more than 10 customers at this point. However, the line outside his house did not shorten. Instead, it has actually gotten longer than before.

Su Yang lifted an eyebrow at the queue outside his house. There was at least another 30 people standing outside. Where did these girls come from? He was positive that he didn't bring them here from the training ground.

The only answer he could think of was that these girls came here after learning of this place from his previous customers.

"I need to do some adjustments…" Su Yang halted his service for a few minutes to put up a sign right outside his house.

The sign hung above the door to his house, and it read: "Su Yang's Massage – The Only and True Path to Heaven! 10 Premium Points for Service."

After looking at the sign with satisfaction, Su Yang went back to his room to resume service.

–

–

–

24 hour had passed since Su Yang hung the sign outside his house, yet the queue outside his house remained. Ever since the nine sisters from the Medicine Hall experienced Su Yang's techniques, they began spreading his name like wildfire throughout the Outer Court. The people were suspicious at first, but when more and more people began spreading the same words, it became easier for others to believe in Su Yang's services.

Some people approached Su Yang for his service out of curiosity and others went for genuine pleasure, and sure enough, every single figure that went into Su Yang's room came out looking anew, as though they have been reborn.

And for the next two days, Su Yang accepted all sorts of beauty into his room with a welcoming smile with very little rest.

Graceful ladies with slim waists and round butts, enchanting women with mature bodies and large breasts, even immature girls that are yet considered adults – they all approached Su Yang to experience his techniques.

At one point, his name reached even a few Inner Court disciple.

–

–

–

Very quickly, the outside of Su Yang's house became lively with dozens of customers laughing and joking with each other as they queued up, each talking about their expectations; it looked like the gathering of flowers, making the place look more like a marketplace rather than someone's living quarter.

By the fourth day, almost everybody within the Outer Court has heard of Su Yang and his divine techniques, whether they like it or not. From the animals to the sect elders, they would hear the disciples talk about their experiences with Su Yang whenever they go anywhere outside.

"Su Yang? That mentally ill Outer Court disciple? Why is everyone and their mother talking about him as of lately?" The unusual situation within the Outer Court caused the sect elders to pay more attention to Su Yang.

However, the more they talked about him, the more puzzling the situation became. How could someone like Su Yang, who was infamous and disliked by many, become so popular within the sect almost out of nowhere? He has nearly all the female disciples talking about him. As for those who have yet to experience his techniques, they will sooner or later talk about him, too.

"My disciples also talked about him nonstop the other day. They were all giggling like little kids who had just returned from an amusement park…"

"Your disciples, too? My only disciple has been staring at the clouds all day while sighing his name ever since she went to his house two days ago…"

"The partners of my disciples have been complaining to me about how they are unable to satisfy the girls with their techniques anymore..."

"Quite a few male disciples have tried to cause trouble at Su Yang's place, but they all ended up getting forced away before they could even reach his doorstep…"

"This is becoming quite problematic, huh… What should we do? Stop his little business?"

"I don't think that would be a good idea. There will definitely be a riot if his business is forced to shut down."

"Aiya… then what should we do?"

The elders felt infuriated at the situation, but they were truly at lost and did not know how to deal with it.

"Should we go to the Matriarch for a solution?"

"No, we don't need to bother the Matriarch over something like this – not yet. We should wait a bit longer and see how this plays out."

After some time, the elders finally came to a conclusion.

"Very well. We will sit back and only watch for now. However, if it gets out of hand, then we will have to intervene."

–

–

–

Inside his room, Su Yang glanced at the jade slip in his hands.

"5,514 Premium Points after four long days. At this rate, I will die from exhaustion before getting my hands on the Pure Yang Pill…" His arms prickled with pain from soreness, and his fingers were numb.

Although he has worked for far longer without rest before, his current mortal body could not withstand the burden of him constantly utilizing his techniques.

Su Yang looked outside the window, and there were at least 50 people still in line.

After pondering for some time, he decided to go outside to announce a few changes.

"Due the to high demand, I have decided to change the price from 10 Premium Points to 100 Premium Points. Additionally, I will only accept a limit of 25 people per day starting tomorrow."

The sudden changes caused many to frown.

"We have waited out here for over an hour, and you want to suddenly change the price?! That's unreasonable!"

"Right?! I don't even have 100 Premium Points! Even if I do, I wouldn't waste it on some massage, no matter how good it may feel!"

The line quickly shortened with people leaving left and right.

Suddenly, someone asked: "Su Yang, since you upped the price, will your service also increase?"

Su Yang calmly nodded and said: "Naturally. The time will be increased from ten minutes to thirty minutes, and I will also guarantee you that your Yin Qi will see an increase in quality after the service."

"What?! Our Yin Qi will see an increase in quality?! How is that possible!"

The disciples did not believe him. After all, only valuable pills and precious treasures are capable of increasing one's Yin or Yang Qi. If there really exists a technique in this world that could increase the Yin or Yang Qi within one's body, then that person with the technique will definitely be treated like a God!

"Whether it is possible or not, you will know after my service," said Su Yang with a nonchalant expression, and he continued: "I apologize for the inconveniences, but I am done for today. Come back tomorrow morning if you want my service." He retrieved the sign and closed the doors, leaving no room for discussion.

Many people stood outside his house with a dumbfounded expression. Although they understood that he needed rest after working for so many days without closing once, they still felt anger in their hearts.

"This Su Yang is really shameless and arrogant! Just because he's good with his hands he thinks that he can do whatever he wants, even being rude to his customers! Hmph! I have wasted my time here, and I will not be coming back!"

"Me, too!"

"Let's go!"

Many stomped away in anger, and others sighed.

Very quickly, Su Yang's house became desolate and silent.

However, barely any changes occurred to Su Yang himself, and he went back inside to get some rest, as his days will only get tougher from this point forth.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20 Pure Yang Flower
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

News of Su Yang changing the price for his service from 10 Premium Points to 100 Premium points, including how he will only see at most 25 customers per day, quickly spread. Many people were not happy about the changes, especially those who didn’t get the chance to enjoy his service before when it was cheap and affordable or those who decided to wait until later. However, as for those who have already experienced his technique, they would gladly pay 100 Premium Points to feel it again. Sadly, they were all forbidden to return for another month.

As for the news about Su Yang being able to increase one’s Yin Qi, it was quickly disregarded as something ridiculous and absurd, so nobody bothered to speak of it.

The following day after the changes made to his service, the usually long queue outside Su Yang’s living quarter was nowhere to be seen. Su Yang was well aware that business would slow down if he increased the price, however, he did not mind and continued to wait patiently.

–

–

–

When the sunset arrived, a figure could be seen approaching Su Yang’s living quarters. With beautiful black hair extended to her waist, she was tall and beautiful, and her alluring, well-developed figure left behind a trail of herbal fragrance.

Su Yang opened to door and greeted the visitor with a smile: "Greetings, Elder Lan."

The one who arrived was Elder Lan, who seemed to be in a bad mood.

"After all the effort I put into spreading praises about your service, you had to just go and destroy it. What are you scheming now?" Although she was surprised about the changes, Elder Lan did not believe that Su Yang did it with the intention of destroying his hard-earned reputation.

"If you are tired, then you could just limit the number of customers you see each day, but what need was there to increase the price by ten-folds? Don’t tell me you are blinded by greed? I’ll tell you this right now, but there aren’t many Outer Court disciples who can afford to spend 100 Premium Points on 30 minutes of pleasure no matter how good it may feel."

Su Yang chucked at her words and said: "Elder Lan... if someone can increase the quality of your Yin Qi, how much would you be willing to pay that person?"

"What?" Elder Lan didn’t understand why he asked her that question, but the answer was obvious.

"One Profound Yin Pill of the lowest quality already costs 3,000 Premium Points, yet I am willing to do what the Profound Yin Pill does by increasing one’s Yin Qi for as little as 100 Premium Points. Now if that isn’t a bargain, then I don’t know what is."

"What?! You can increase one’s Yin Qi?!" Elder Lan was shocked. How come she hadn’t heard anything like that prior to coming here?

Su Yang nodded, confirming her doubt. "Yin and Yang Qi works similar to one’s body. If you can make it feel good, then it will obviously work better."

"..." Elder Lan found his reasoning to be a bit absurd, but she didn’t say anything.

"And how are you going to increase their Yin Qi quality?"

"With my hands, of course."

"..." Elder Lan rubbed her temples, seemingly stressed. "Su Yang, you are a bigger idiot than I thought..."

"I’m an idiot?" Su Yang looked dumbfounded by her words.

"If you can really increase the quality of someone’s Yin Qi... do you realize the danger you are in? If it is known by the sect, then you can forget about seeing the sunlight ever again. But good for you, now you get to touch girls every day until you die."

Elder Lan expected despair to appear in Su Yang’s eyes, but to her surprise, he was actually smiling!

"Why are you smiling? Does it look like I am joking with you?"

"The fact that you are not trying to detain me at this moment is making me smile."

Su Yang’s words dumbfounded Elder Lan, who blushed slightly afterward.

"Although it does sound very enticing to see you behind bars, I am not the type to treat my own disciples as though they are tools," said Elder Lan, her expression emitting an air of melancholy.

Elder Lan’s melancholy expression caused images to flash through Su Yang’s head.

"As I thought... they are really similar..." he sighed inwardly.

"Su Yang... I have been wondering... what is the purpose of all this? Why are you doing what you are doing?" Elder Lan has been pondering why Su Yang decided to reveal to the sect his heaven-defying hand techniques ever since the day she approached him.

From her knowledge and what people say about him, Su Yang was a timid and spineless man who has mental issues and would never do something as bold and as eye-catching as opening up a massage parlor within the Outer Court.

But no matter how hard or long she pondered, she just couldn’t wrap her head around Su Yang’s schemes.

"Why I am doing this? That’s simple..." Su Yang didn’t even need to think twice before answering: "One, I need Premium Points to obtain resources to further my cultivation base, and two, I wish to repair my tarnished reputation."

"...What?" Elder Lan’s expression froze for a moment as she tried to comprehend his words.

"You are doing all this just for some Premium Points? What are you trying to buy that requires this much resource?"

"The Pure Yang Flower," Su Yang told her without hiding anything, as there wasn’t any need to hide anything.

"The Pure Yang Flower?! Why do you need something like that? Even if you manage to obtain one, how will you use it? Your cultivation base is far too inferior to even think about using it to increase your Yang Qi!" Elder Lan didn’t expect Su Yang to be aiming for something as powerful and chaotic as the Pure Yang Flower, also known as the Red Devil Flower.

Forget about an expert at the True Spirit Realm such as Elder Lan herself, even Earth Spirit Realm experts would have trouble consuming the Pure Yang Flower without putting themselves in immediate danger, even directly exploding to death if handled improperly.

"Naturally, I have my own ways to deal with the Pure Yang Flower. However, that requires me to obtain it first."

Elder Lan narrowed her eyes at him. He has his own ways to deal with the Pure Yang Flower? Just how many more secrets does this guy have?

"Hmph. If you are going to commit suicide, then at least wait until I am fully healed." Elder Lan coldly snorted: "Anyway, I will be back in two days for the treatment..."

Su Yang smiled calmly and said to her as she walked away: "I will increase the intensity for our next meeting, so until then... prepare yourself."

Elder Lan nearly stumbled upon hearing Su Yang’s tease. Memories she wanted to forget resurfaced, and her face reddened. Her steps hastened, and her figure quickly disappeared from Su Yang’s sight.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21 And You Call Yourselves a Man?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Elder Lan left, Su Yang went back inside his room to cultivate. However, it wasn’t long before a group of people approached his house with irritated expressions on their faces, clearly here to cause trouble.

"Su Yang! Get your ass out here right this instant! You have been hiding inside that house like a turtle in his shell while being protected by girls for the past few days, but now that you’ve stabbed yourself in the foot, who will stop us from approaching you?!"

"Su Yang, I will fucking kill you for touching my girl!"

Ever since Su Yang opened up his massage parlor, he has seen more than 500 girls. However, it was obvious that the majority of these girls if not all already has a partner within the sect. While Su Yang did not touch them vulgarly in any way, the way the girls acted afterward raised many suspicions within their partners’ heart.

And despite the girls reassuring their partners many times that Su Yang only gave them a normal massage, who in their right mind would believe that a mere massage could make them act like dogs in heat?

A few moments later, the door opened, and Su Yang calmly walked outside with a nonchalant expression.

He glanced at the dozen angry men standing before him like a group of angry protestors, and said: "I apologize, but I do not touch men."

His words further increased the crowd’s anger. "Who the fuck said that we are here to enjoy your service?! How dare you touch my girl! Because of you, she has been refusing to cultivate with me as of lately!"

"Su Yang! What did you do to my Xia’er?! After meeting you, she dared to tell me that I am ’not enough’ to satisfy her!!!"

Hearing the crowd’s complaints, Su Yang couldn’t help but chuckle.

"So, you all came here to blame another man for your inability to satisfy your own girl? And you call yourselves a man? How laughable!"

"What did you say?!"

"You are courting death, Su Yang!"

Su Yang shrugged at their anger and said, "It is normal for male disciples to cultivate with more than one female disciple at a time, and vice versa, so why are you all so upset that they are seeing another man besides yourself? The fact that you cannot satisfy your partners means that you are no longer useful to them! No matter how talented you are or how vigorous your Yang Qi is, if your partner does not find pleasure in cultivating with you, then you are worthless!"

Su Yang’s harsh words struck pain into the heart of everybody there; it felt to them as though their heart was pierced by a sharp sword.

While it was normal for disciples to have more than one cultivating partner at a time as it is more convenient and efficient than having just one, nobody there wanted to admit that Su Yang, who was known for being useless and never considered a threat to anyone, was better at pleasing their partners than them.

In a sect where dual cultivation is the norm, losing your woman to another man is far worse than death, even more so if the girl left because the other man was doing a better job at pleasing them. Furthermore, admitting defeat meant that you are accepting the fact that you are inferior to another man – a man’s worst nightmare!

"Su Yang! I want a deathmatch!"

"Me, too!"

The crowd was so irritated and speechless that they began talking about fighting a deathmatch, as that was the only thing they could think of that would lessen the shame and embarrassment that have faced today.

"Hmph. Besides raw strength, what else can you all say with confidence that you are superior when in front of me?" Su Yang coldly snorted and continued: "A bunch of kids that cannot even satisfy their own woman dares to approach my doorstep and bark like dogs, what a bunch of fools."

When it comes to dealing with women, Su Yang would turn into a kind prince no matter the situation. However, when he has to deal with men – annoying ones at that – he would turn into the devil and consume their confidence as a man and force them to their knees.

Even in his previous life, Su Yang was the bane of all men – an existence that would force the males into experiencing anxiety, as they fear that Su Yang would snatch their women with a mere glance!

"You do not dare to fight me?! And you call yourself a man?!"

"If your techniques do not work in the battlefield, then you are just as worthless!"

Su Yang smiled at their words and said: "100 Premium Points and I will enter the stage for a deathmatch."

"What?! You want us to pay you to fight?!"

"How shameless!"

Su Yang shrugged: "I am a busy man. If you want to waste my time, then you need to pay up, just like your partners did when they approached me for pleasure instead of you..." he said with a grin, causing the crowd to explode in anger.

"Su Yang!!! I will fucking kill you today! 100 Premium Points it is! Fight me to death right now!"

"Fuck! I will pay you 150 Premium Points to fight me first!"

"200!"

Su Yang accepted the highest offer of 250 Premium Points with a smile and nodded: "Very well. Then let us make a request to the sect and schedule our–"

"Right now! I want to fight right now!"

Su Yang shook his head and said: "I have already been warned once by a sect elder. Before we step onto the stage, we must get permission from the sect. Until then, our deathmatch will have to wait."

"What?! But you have already accepted my payment!"

"This and that are two different things."

"Su Yang!!!"

Su Yang only smiled with a calm expression at the raging scene. Because the sect forbids any fighting amongst disciples unless officially approved by the sect, he wasn’t worried that they might attack him out of nowhere. However, even if they did, he was confident in his own abilities.

As someone with countless same experience in his previous life, Su Yang was not dumb enough to offend others without having absolute confidence in his victory. With his current abilities and resources, he was confident that he could stay safe even if every Outer Court disciple within the sect knocked on his door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22 Deathmatch
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Morning Wood Pagoda, where most of the sect’s administration are dealt with, Su Yang and a group of Outer Court disciples stood in front of an old man, who was known as Elder Zhou, one of the many elders within the Outer Court that deals with disputes between disciples.

"...Let me get this straight... You, Outer Court disciple Su Yang, would like to have a deathmatch with Outer Court disciple Dai Zheng? The last time I checked, you are a mere Elementary Realm at the third level, and you agreed to fight someone at the fifth level of the Elementary Realm? Are you stupid or are you crazy?" Elder Zhou looked at Su Yang with an odd expression.

In this world, unless one is a cultivation genius or happen to have a powerful weapon, they would never be able to beat another with a higher cultivation base, let alone two whole levels! And in Elder Zhou’s eyes, Su Yang was only a mere Outer Court disciple with some talent in his hand techniques, definitely not a cultivation genius.

"You are neither a genius nor should you have any weapon powerful enough to suppress someone two levels above you, yet you still dare to fight him? Are you courting death?"

"Elder Zhou! This is his choice, not mine! I did not force him to fight me; it was something he accepted with a smile on his face!" Dai Zheng, the one who had the highest bid and the one who will be fighting Su Yang first, was worried that Su Yang may coward away from fighting him at this rate.

Su Yang remained calm despite Elder Zhou’s harsh words, and he said with a smile: "Elder Zhou is right, I am neither a cultivation genius nor do I have any powerful weapon. However, as a man, would you back out from a fight with your pride on the line just because you are facing someone stronger than yourself?"

His words caused Elder Zhou to lift his brows, and to everybody’s surprise, he answered: "No, I would not."

"Right? Then allow me to fight him."

Elder Zhou turned silent to ponder for a moment, and he said a few seconds later: "This is a deathmatch with your life at risk, not some spar where you get away with only minor injuries. Once you step onto that stage, neither of you are allowed to leave until only one remains in this world."

Without needing to think, Su Yang nodded. "While we are at it, we might as well schedule everyone here a deathmatch with me," he said nonchalantly, dumbfounding everybody there.

"What did you just say? You want a deathmatch with everyone here?" Elder Zhou looked at the dozen Outer Court disciples with a bewildered expression.

"That’s why they followed, right?" Su Yang looked at the dazed crowd with a smile.

"Su Yang! How arrogant of you to think that you will get the chance to fight another person before our deathmatch even started! Are you saying that you are absolutely confident in your victory?!" Dai Zheng exploded into a rage after hearing Su Yang’s words, feeling as though he had his face stomped by Su Yang without mercy.

Su Yang glanced at his red face that was bulging with veins and said with a surprised look: "Why else would I fight you? To die? Are you stupid?"

"SUUU YANNNNG!"

Just as Dai Zheng was a second away from attacking Su Yang out of anger, Elder Zhou coughed once, instantly forcing Dai Zheng to halt his steps.

"Where do you think you are, disciple Dai Zheng?" Elder Zhou’s narrowed gaze caused Dai Zheng to freeze, seemingly petrified by his dangerous gaze.

"T-This disciple apologizes to Elder Zhou for overstepping his boundaries." Dai Zheng quickly apologized with a deep bow.

Elder Zhou sighed and said: "Since the two of you want to fight so badly, I shall accept your wish and personally oversee this deathmatch myself."

Dai Zheng showed a beaming smile and bowed again: "Thank you, Elder Zhou, for giving this disciple a chance to repay his debts!"

Su Yang snorted coldly at how Dai Zheng truly believes that he would lose to him. He originally didn’t plan to dirty his hands with blood so soon after his reincarnation, especially when he still hasn’t obtained the Pure Yang Flower. However, Su Yang knew very well that if he ignored these people today that they will surely come to bother him again in the future, hence why he decided to clean up the trash early so he wouldn’t have to worry about it later.

"When do you want this deathmatch to take place?" Elder Zhou asked.

"As soon as possible!" Dai Zheng said as he stared at Su Yang with a menacing look.

"Then how about right now? I happen to be free until right now."

"This disciple will greatly appreciate that!"

"Disciple Su Yang?" Elder Zhou looked at him for confirmation.

Su Yang nodded and said: "I have no problem doing it now."

"Very well, then let us head to the stage..."

Elder Zhou began walking first and led the way.

–

–

–

"Hey look! It’s an official deathmatch!"

"What? Who’s fighting?"

The disciples that happened to be around the arena quickly approached the stage when they noticed Su Yang and Dai Zheng climbing the steps.

"Elder Zhou is overseeing this deathmatch, so it really is official!"

"That’s Dai Zheng! Who is he fighting... that’s Su Yang?!"

"Su Yang is having another deathmatch just a week after his last one!"

The disciples were clearly excited to witness this fight, especially after hearing rumors of Su Yang defeating Yang Ming, who was at the sixth level of Elementary Realm.

"Are the two of you ready?" Elder Zhou asked the two on the stage.

"Ready!" Dai Zheng tightly held the sword in his grasp, his breathing patterns change.

Su Yang played around with the steel sword in his hands; it was a borrowed weapon just for this fight. "Before we start, I’d like to tell you a story... a love story between a renowned general and a rogue cultivator," he said in a nonchalant manner, dumbfounding everybody there.

A love story between a general and a rogue cultivator? What the hell is going on? Since when did this deathmatch become a place for story-telling?

"What the fuck are you talking about?! Hurry up and fight me!" Dai Zheng said in an irritated and impatient tone, his teething itching just to see Su Yang’s blood.

However, Su Yang ignored him and continued to speak with a calm expression on his face: "During the Chaotic Era, when wars are considered a common sight, there existed a peerlessly beautiful woman, who happened to be a general for some powerful army. Her beauty was said to be devastating enough to destroy continents and her talent with the sword unrivaled..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23 Sword Inten
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"...Her beauty was said to be devastating enough to destroy continents and her talent with the sword unrivaled. Many generals, kings, even emperors tried to court her, but alas, none of them were successful, as she was only looking for someone who was stronger than herself, which was nearly impossible during that era."

Su Yang’s calm voice and perfectly paced story-telling quickly made the place silent.

"Then there was this young rogue cultivator who fell in love with her. However, this young man was from a common background and could be regarded as an ant in the eyes of these kings and emperors; he was someone who wasn’t meant for her, not even in ten lifetimes."

"However, despite knowing that he would never be able to stand next to her, the young man never gave up and earnestly cultivated both his body and sword techniques, wishing that it could help him close their never-ending distance..."

Su Yang stopped the story at this point and glanced at Dai Zheng with a calm, yet overbearing gaze. "What do you think happened to that young man?" he asked him.

"A fool chasing an impossible dream... what else besides the obvious would happen?" Dai Zheng sneered.

Su Yang smiled at his answer, and he casually lifted the sword in his hands.

"!!!"

Suddenly, Elder Zhou’s eyes snapped open, his gaze filled with shock and disbelief.

"What’s that glow surrounding his sword?"

"I have never seen anything like that before..."

The disciples were puzzled by the visible aura that suddenly appeared around the steel sword in Su Yang’s grasp, giving it an overbearing pressure and seemingly twisting the space that surrounded it.

"Impossible! That looks like Sword Intent!" Elder Zhou recognized the aura surrounding the sword. However, his knowledge only further confused him, even shocking him to the core.

Sword Intent is the essence of a sword; it is something that only appears when the user has complete control and comprehension over the sword, in other words, complete mastery. These users are widely known as Swordmasters, and they are highly respected figures around the world.

"How could it possibly be Sword Intent?! He’s just 16 years old! Not even experts at the Earth Spirit Realm would be able to emit such a powerful Sword Intent!" Elder Zhou didn’t dare to believe that a 16 year old idiot like Su Yang could become a Swordmaster despite the clear Sword Intent, so he forced himself to believe that Su Yang had prepared some cheap tricks in order to make it seem like Sword Intent.

Su Yang casually swung his sword, and a tyrannical pressure swept the place, sending chills down the spine of everyone there — Elder Zhou included.

"Sword Intent relies on one’s experience and mastery with swords. It does not matter if I am a mortal or a saint, as long as I understand the sword, I will be able to use Sword Intent," Su Yang recalled the countless hours he had spent trying to master the sword in his previous life.

"You... what is your partner’s name?" Su Yang suddenly asked Dai Zheng, who seemed to be frozen solid ever since the domineering Sword Intent appeared.

"Cheng Yu..." Dai Zheng unconsciously replied.

Su Yang nodded and said in a nonchalant tone, "Don’t worry, I will be sure to take care of your girl after your death so she wouldn’t be lonely without your presence... Elder Zhou, we can begin."

Dai Zheng directly coughed up a mouthful of blood after hearing Su Yang’s vicious words.

To hear Su Yang say such words after all that has happened, Dai Zheng was already on the verge of death from sheer anger before the fight even began!

"I will fucking kill you, Su Yang!" Dai Zheng threw away his fighting stance and charged at Su Yang like a madman with red eyes. He was so angry that it made him blind and unable to see the blade slashing down at his direction.

Su Yang sighed inwardly. "I hope this will be the first and last time I take a life in this place..."

While Su Yang wasn’t the type to kill people over small things, he needed to set an example for the others so it wouldn’t happen again. In his previous life, he has encountered many situations where he showed mercy only to have them bite back twice as hard later on.

"Wait!" Elder Zhou hastily called out, but alas, it was too late.

The tip of the sword in Su Yang’s grasp gently touched the ground, and a beautiful arc of light appeared, cleanly cutting Dai Zheng in half from top to bottom.

Shocked gasping resounded as organs fell. Blood splattered all over the arena and covered Su Yang, and everybody stared at the horrifying scene with wide eyes and dropped jaws, looking as though they were watching a scene from hell.

Nobody there, Elder Zhou included, have seen such a merciless strike occur on this stage before, not even in the cruelest deathmatches.

Su Yang turned around to face the shocked audience with a calm expression, and he said coldly: "Knock on my door if you want, I will play with you, but be prepared to face the consequences."

The overbearing and domineering pressure Su Yang was emitting caused many there to fall on their rear. He looked like a general who has fought many wars before, someone with an unfathomable presence.

"As for the story... that young man not only conquered the general’s heart with his sword techniques, he also continued to achieve many impossible feats that none of these kings and emperors could have imagined possible for themselves, let alone from someone who they regarded as a mere ant..."

Su Yang approached Elder Zhou, who stood there with a dazed face, and returned the bloody steel sword to him. "A decent sword," he said to him before calmly walking off the stage.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24 His First Love
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the deathmatch between Su Yang and Dai Zheng that ended immediately after it started, Su Yang’s name quickly became the center of attention once again. Those who happened to witness Su Yang’s display of dominance began spreading words of the event like wildfire.

They portrayed Su Yang as though he was a devil from hell who could kill without batting an eyelid. They also mentioned the cruel scene of Dai Zheng splitting into two pieces, causing many who heard it to nearly vomit from disgust and shock.

However, what scared these disciples the most was not Su Yang’s cruelty that allowed him to kill with ease but his sharp and harsh words that could easily kill anyone weak-hearted, especially when they learned of Su Yang’s last words to Dai Zheng before slaying him. They all had a feeling that Su Yang was not talking only to Dai Zheng but to everybody that dared to think of causing trouble for him.

"You dare knock on my door for trouble? Then I will take your girl before and after your death as compensation!"

These words that could very possibly haunt them even after their deaths resounded — sounding like Su Yang’s cold voice — in the head of those who were there to witness his deathmatch, causing them to tremble in fear even in their dreams.

Very quickly, the name Su Yang became something to be feared by the Outer Court disciples. As for those who went to challenge Su Yang with Dai Zheng, they all locked themselves inside their homes and refused to come out, afraid that Su Yang might look for them for revenge.

—

—

—

Inside the Morning Wood Pagoda, a group of sect elders gathered around the meeting table and discussed the deathmatch between Su Yang and Dai Zheng with serious expressions.

By the time Elder Zhou finished recalling the events that occurred during the deathmatch, every sect elder there showed a shocked expression, seemingly in disbelief at what they just heard.

"Sword Intent? Are you absolutely certain about this, Elder Zhou?"

"I know it may sound like I am cracking a crazy joke, but I can promise you that I am absolutely serious in this matter. I also doubted it at first — I mean, who wouldn’t doubt their eyes if they saw a 16-year-old using Sword Intent? If I never saw it with my own eyes then I wouldn’t believe it even if you told me while beating me to death!" Elder Zhou reassured them his seriousness.

"A 16-year-old Swordmaster... how frightening would that be if it were true?" However, despite Elder Zhou’s clear voice, the others still doubted Su Yang’s ability to use Sword Intent, as it was something unimaginable for them.

It was extremely hard for them to believe it even if such a story came out of the Matriarch’s mouth, especially since there are currently less than ten Swordmasters still alive in this world, all who are profound and renowned experts with more than 100 years of experience under their belt.

Elder Zhou knew that his story would be hard to believe and had already prepared himself prior to the meeting, so he wasn’t that bothered by their doubt.

"Whatever, I give up. It doesn’t matter if you believe me not at this point. When you see it for yourselves, then you will know the truth." Elder Zhou left the room while sighing, leaving the other sect elders dumbfounded.

—

—

—

Meanwhile, Su Yang directly went home to clean the dried blood on his body, his calm expression looking as though the deathmatch never happened.

Afterward, he laid on the bed and closed his eyes, and the scene of the moment when he first embraced the beautiful general appeared in his head.

The feeling of her smooth yet sturdy skin, her warm body, the lingering smell of the battlefield in her hair — all of that resurfaced at once in Su Yang’s head, feeling as though it happened just yesterday.

He stayed like that for many hours, seemingly asleep, but he was actually wide awake, thinking about the precious time he had spent with his first love in his previous life, who was also the one who made him into a cultivator.

But alas, despite winning that general’s heart, by the time he reached to that point, she was already past her prime age for growth and had long met her limit as a cultivator, and as a mortal. However, Su Yang himself continued to grow stronger, even breaking his mortal shackles in the near future, becoming an Immortal with a profound longevity that the mortals desired since the ancient times.

And because of his growth and ever-increasing cultivation, Su Yang looked the same as the day he met the general even after many years whilst the general became an old lady, who died from natural cause a few years later.

"I fell in love with you when I was a mere kid, about the same age as currently, perhaps even younger, but you were already an adult. By the time I obtained enough strength to stand beside you, you had already existed for more than 50 years. Yet, you still looked as beautiful as when I saw your brilliance for the first time many years ago, maybe even brighter. My only regret during that era was my powerlessness – my inability to support your cultivation base while I selfishly grew stronger by myself..."

Su Yang recalled the moment when he stood in front of her grave as a young man who looked no different than the day when he first held her hands.

"After your death was when I truly realized the difference between Immortals and mortals, and I became a coward – a coward who feared that he might one day fall in love with another mortal and experience the same grief as he did with you – so I left the mortal world, only returning thousands of years later for a short period of time..."

Su Yang suddenly opened his eyes, and he showed a bitter smile to the plain, boring ceiling. "I am once again in the mortal world, and there is this sect elder who has the same stubborn demeanor as you... Is this fate, or is this a joke the heavens created just to mess with me?"

He left the bed and walked to the windows where he noticed a young lady approaching his doorstep. This young lady wore a different kind of robe than the ones normally worn by Outer Court disciples. Instead of the plain white robes that all Outer Court disciples wore, the color of this young lady’s robe was green; it even has a different air to it, seemingly with a more profound and noble feeling to it.

"An Inner Court disciple?" This is Su Yang’s first time seeing an Inner Court disciple, and with a single glance, he could tell the vast difference between Outer Court disciples and Inner Court disciples.

"Interesting..." he mumbled to himself as he prepared to greet her at the door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25 Inner Court Disciple
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The disciples within the Profound Blossom Sect were separated into three core groups – the Outer Court disciples, Inner Court disciples, and the Core disciples.

Anybody could join the sect as an Outer Court disciple as long as they fulfilled the minimum requirements set by the sect and passed the entrance exam.

Once an Outer Court disciple, they will use whatever resource they have at their disposal to grow stronger. After they reach the point where they satisfy the conditions to qualify as an Inner Court disciple, they will participate in a series of tests given to them by the sect. If they manage to pass, then they will become Inner Court disciples with privileges to study stronger cultivation techniques and acquire valuable resources that Outer Court disciples could only dream to obtain, whilst their status with the sect also increase.

And unlike Outer Court disciples that are considered expendable resources, Inner Court disciples are all viewed as talented individuals that are worth investing with the sect’s resources, so they all get priority when it comes to guidance and sharing resources within the sect.

Then there are Core disciples, the true pillars of the sect with status even higher than most sect elders. Anyone who has the ability to become a Core disciple, no matter which sect they belong, are all geniuses and prodigies – monsters that cannot be measured with common senses and live in a world of their own.

When the young lady in green robes approached Su Yang’s living quarter, her presence attracted the gazes of all the nearby Outer Court disciples.

"Hey, look! That’s an Inner Court disciple!"

"Greetings, senior!"

Although the disciples did not know her name, they still looked at her with admiration and respect. To these Outer Court disciples, being an Inner Court disciple meant status and power – idols each and every single one of them were striving to become.

And very rarely did Inner Court disciples leave their court, hence why these disciples were surprised and excited to see one appear here.

The young lady noticed the attention, and she waved back at them with a friendly smile.

The disciples could feel their hearts throbbing like drums after seeing her elegant smile, some even screaming from sheer excitement.

"I’d like to ask, does a disciple by the name ’Su Yang’, live here by any chance?" asked the young lady.

The disciples nodded vigorously, some even pointing directly to Su Yang’s door: "He does! Right there!"

"Thank you," said the young lady before approaching Su Yang’s place.

She knocked on the door the moment she arrived at the doorstep, and Su Yang came out a few seconds later.

"How may I help you?" Su Yang asked her with an indifferent expression, looking as though he was not surprised about her unexpected visit.

The young lady did not mind his manners and continued to smile. "Are you Su Yang?" she asked.

"I am indeed called Su Yang."

"Hmm..." The young lady looked at him with narrowed eyes as though she was inspecting him. "I have heard many things about you, Su Yang, from your profound techniques to your ruthless character. I wonder if you are really as good as they praise?"

Su Yang remained calm despite her obvious provoking.

And before he could open his mouth, the young lady continued: "Of course, I believe it. If you weren’t as good as they say you are then there wouldn’t be so many people talking about it, now would there?"

"Su Yang, I’d like to experience it – your techniques," she said without beating around the bush.

"It would be my pleasure to serve a lady as beautiful as you," Su Yang said with a friendly smile. "It will be 100 Premium Points–"

However, before Su Yang could continue, the young lady sighed loudly: "Aiya! I nearly forgot! I have recently spent all of my Premium Points on a Profound Yin Pill, so I am currently low on Premium Points! Su Yang, if you don’t mind, would you allow me to experience your profound techniques free of charge this time? I, Inner Court disciple Li Xiao Mo, will owe you a favor!"

Su Yang showed a smile once he realized the type of game this Li Xiao Mo was playing at.

"I apologize, but I do not work for free. If you are low on Premium Points at this moment, then you can always come back later when you have enough."

Although Su Yang refused to serve her for free with a gentle and respectful tone, Li Xiao Mo saw it as a slap to her beautiful face. How could he, a mere Outer Court disciple, refuse to serve her, an Inner Court disciple? Does he not the consequences for offending an Inner Court disciple? Unlike the Outer Court, offending a disciple in the Inner Court meant offending all of them!

"Is this how you treat a senior? Do you have any idea how much effort it took me to walk myself to this trash-filled court? Or is a favor from an Inner Court disciple such as myself not worth your effort?" Li Xiao Mo said with a disgusted frown, her demeanor taking a sudden 180.

"One word from my mouth and the entire Inner Court will become your enemy! Once I turn around from this place, you can forget about living a peaceful life after today. What will it be, Su Yang?"

"..." Su Yang turned silent, seemingly speechless.

Li Xiao Mo saw his silence as fear and grinned: "Although your name may scare the Outer Court disciples, you are nothing but an ant in my eyes! If you serve me like a dog from now on, then I will turn a blind eye your rude behavior just now."

"Who knows, if you manage to satisfy me with your service, then I may treat you less of a worthless dog and more as a slave..."

Su Yang closed his eyes and sighed. When he opened his eyes, a profound and vicious light flickered deep within.

"Very well... follow me."

The grin on Li Xiao Mo’s face widened, who was feeling quite proud of herself after seeing Su Yang surrender.

"Good dog..." she mumbled as she followed Su Yang, unaware of the change in atmosphere the moment she stepped inside his house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26 Acting Like a Dog in Hea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once inside the house, Su Yang brought her directly to his room.

Li Xiao Mo looked around with a disgusted expression. "You always do your business in this cramped space? Just being in here makes me want to puke... how distasteful."

Prior to arriving here, Li Xiao Mo had already planned on making Su Yang her servant. Just hearing how much customers he received for the past few days caused her greed to surface, as she believed that Su Yang was making hefty money.

Even an Inner Court disciple like her could not help but stare at Su Yang with envy in her gaze from a distance at the number of Premium Points he was earning every day. If he worked for her, then all that money would go to her, easily making her rich.

With her status and power as an Inner Court disciple, Li Xiao Mo truly believed that her plan was perfect with no flaws, hence why she approached Su Yang alone.

"Lay down, we will begin right away." Su Yang said to her in a nonchalant voice after closing the door.

"Is that how servants speak to their Masters?"

"..."

Although Su Yang has seen a fair share of arrogant and annoying women in his life, this one really takes it to the extreme. However, because he has plenty of experience with these types of women, Su Yang also knew how to deal with them.

"Master, please lay down so this lowly one can make you feel good," said Su Yang in a clear and sincere tone, sounding as though he really acknowledged her as his master.

Even Li Xiao Mo was taken aback from his sudden change in demeanor. "V-Very well..."

She laid her chest on the bed with her back facing Su Yang.

"Hurry up, I don’t have much time here."

Su Yang sat beside her, and he suddenly closed his eyes.

When he opened them again a moment later, a profound light flickered within, and the tip of his fingers glowed with golden lights.

"Master..." Su Yang mumbled as his fingers approached her back, "If you can still act so arrogant after this, then I will call you my mother."

Su Yang’s words dumbfounded Li Xiao Mo, who was clearly taken aback. And just as Li Xiao Mo prepared to open her mouth, an explosive wave of pleasure overwhelmed her body, causing her to feel as though she was struck by a heavenly tribulation.

Li Xiao Mo’s mind instantly blanked, her eyes rolled backward, and a sharp moan escaped her mouth, sounding like a beastly howl; it was an otherworldly feeling that could not be described by words.

The moment Su Yang’s fingers touched her back, the golden light disappeared into her body. The light ran rampage within like a dragon exploring the starry sky; it even caused her body to emit a faint golden glow, as though it was a holy aura.

This technique was created by the leader of some evil cult in Su Yang’s previous life, who used it to enslave the bodies and break the minds of those experienced it from pleasure. The technique’s only purpose was to create slaves — slaves to pleasure, and it had fallen into Su Yang’s grasp when he raided and demolished the cult after he learned of the cruelty and inhumane experiments they did on humans.

Su Yang’s forehead was covered in sweat as he executed this forbidden technique. He wasn’t used to using such a vicious technique since he has only used it a few times in his lifetime.

—

—

—

Su Yang stopped a few minutes later, his gaze at Li Xiao Mo who was twitching like a fish out of water.

"This should be more than enough..." Su Yang wiped the sweat from his forehead.

"...Hm?"

Li Xiao Mo suddenly held onto his robes tightly, and she stared at him with an intense gaze filled with lust.

"I want it... give it to me..." Li Xiao Mo mumbled as she crawled towards Su Yang, her red face slowly approaching his crotch area with drool leaking from the corner of her mouth.

Su Yang lifted an eyebrow at her actions. "What do you think you are doing?" he spoke in a calm voice, seemingly unfazed by the sexy expression on her beautiful face that would make any men go crazy and jump on her without hesitation.

"Please... give it to me... I want it... I will do anything you want..."

Su Yang removed her hands from his robes and coldly snorted. "Hmph. What a disgraceful sight. Look at you, acting like a dog in heat. Who’s the dog, now?"

"Me... I am the dog... I will be anything you want, just give me your thing..."

However, despite her constant pleading, Su Yang only stood there silently.

"I would rather not stick my precious brother into dirty places it does not belong."

Su Yang shook his head and turned around.

"W-Wait... where are you going?" Li Xiao Mo began panicking when she noticed Su Yang walking towards the door.

"To watch the stars, of course. You can use my bed to satisfy yourself in the meantime, but I want you gone by the time I return."

"N-No! Wait! Please, don’t leave me here like this! You can’t! Not after making me feel like this!"

Su Yang suddenly showed her a handsome and kind smile. "I just did..." he said as he walked out of the room.

The door closed, leaving Li Xiao Mo alone, dumbfounded, and wet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27 The Jade Slip Beside the Pillow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Su Yang gazed at the stars from the roof of his house, his expression emitting melancholy.

He was recalling the many occasions he had spent in his previous life watching the stars flicker in the night sky. However, during those times, he wasn’t alone but had the company of his loved ones.

How are they doing? Are they still alive? These kinds of questions would appear in his mind every time the stars would reveal themselves.

"Since when did the starry sky become so... vast...?" Su Yang sighed as he closed his eyes, slowly falling asleep with the gentle night breeze caressing his long, black hair.

—

—

—

When midnight arrived, the door beside Su Yang’s room opened, and two figures walked out.

"Hu’er, you have been doing it rougher than usual lately, are you okay?" Meng Jia asked Tang Hu, who looked like he had something on his mind, in a worried tone.

Tang Hu smiled bitterly and said: "Don’t worry about it, it’s nothing much; I have just been feeling a bit ill as of lately..."

"You are sick? Are you okay? Did you go to the Medicine Hall for help yet?"

"I have... It’s nothing — really." Tang Hu confirmed with a confident smile, yet he was feeling bitterness inside his heart for lying to her face. However, he wasn’t willing to reveal his fear of losing her to Su Yang, no matter what.

"Then it’s all good." Meng Jia sighed in relief, and she moved her lips closer to Tang Hu’s ears: "I actually quite like it rough, you know? It feels like I am cultivating with someone else; it’s a new experience."

Meng Jia chuckled sheepishly, causing the bitterness in Tang Hu’s heart to deepen, turning into a sharp pain.

Meng Jia gently kissed Tang Hu on the lips before disappearing under the night sky.

Tang Hu stood there looking dazed. After a long while, he turned to look at Su Yang’s room with many complex emotions flashing through his eyes.

He sighed deeply a short moment later, feeling even worse than before. Never in his life would he have expected to feel such jealousy and fear towards Su Yang, someone he considered to be nothing more than a beautiful object in a walking display.

When Tang Hu first met Su Yang one year ago, he was jealous of his superior looks. However, when he learned of Su Yang’s mental condition, Tang Hu was nearly overwhelmed with great joy — happy that Su Yang wasn’t a threat to him or anybody else within the sect, and that he was just a beautiful sword with no real sharpness to become a threat to anyone.

"This is Heaven’s punishment to me for laughing at another’s misfortune?" he sighed again.

It was at this moment the door to Su Yang’s room opened, and a beautiful lady in green robes walked out in a limping manner, her robes wrinkled and loose, looking like she had been recently assaulted.

The instant Tang Hu noticed her green robes, as though there was an earthquake, his heart trembled.

"An Inner Court disciple?!?!?!" he cried inside his heart, feeling an urge to cry out loud. "Su Yang, that bastard actually managed to touch an Inner Court disciple, too?!"

"Wait... she’s crying?" Tang Hu noticed the tears in corner of Li Xiao Mo’s eyes.

"Are you okay?" he asked her out of concern.

However, Li Xiao Mo did not even glance at him and stormed out the front door, quickly disappearing from his sight.

After she left, Tang Hu turned to look inside Su Yang’s room with a frown.

"Su Yang! How dare you take advantage of her when the sect forbids forcing–"

Halfway through his angry sentence, Tang Hu’s eyes widened with surprise and puzzlement.

"Eh? He’s not here?"

Tang Hu walked inside the room expecting Su Yang to be at the corner of the room, but he was surprised by the strong fragrance that greeted his nose the moment he stepped inside instead. He felt as though he had walked into a garden full of flowers, each emitting their own unique scent.

Then he noticed the wrinkled bed in plain sight; it was soaking wet, almost as though someone had poured a few buckets of water over it. Even the walls were wet, looking as though it had been sprayed with water.

"What the hell happened here? Did a water pipe break in here?"

Tang Hu suddenly recalled the Inner Court disciple who had an ashamed expression on her red face as she left, and his jaw dropped at the possibility that this mess was caused by her... alone.

However, since she was an Inner Court disciple, Tang Hu didn’t dare to disrespect her too much by going overboard with his imaginations.

"I-I should really request for a new roommate... This Su Yang is nothing but bad influence... Just being in the same house as him makes me feel as though my existence is slowly getting consumed..." Tang Hu sighed as he went back into his room to pack his things.

–

–

–

Su Yang’s eyes opened the instant the sun peaked from behind the mountain range.

Jumping off the roof, he went back into the house, and the first thing he noticed was the door to his room being wide open.

When he walked into his room, he was dumbfounded by the distinct smell that was so strong it made his nose twitch.

"She really used this room to the fullest without being humble to the owner, huh?" he mumbled to himself.

"Hm?" He then noticed the jade slip sitting beside his pillow.

When he looked through the contents of the jade slip, he was pleasantly surprised to find over 2,000 Premium Points alongside a note inside.

"You were this rich, yet you had to confront me in such a manner..." Su Yang sighed, feeling as though his understanding for mortals were quickly disappearing.

Su Yang quickly went through the contents of the note left behind by Li Xiao Mo, and he couldn’t help but smile after finishing it.

"At least you’re not totally unreasonable..." he moved the Premium Points from the jade slip to his own before destroying the note. "Your proposal... I shall accept it without being humble."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28 Five Cultivation Stages
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Su Yang released a deep breath, causing a small cloud of sparkling mist to form in front of him.

"Elementary Spirit Realm Sixth Level... There was so much lingering Yin Qi that it had taken me nearly half a day to completely absorb them. That Li Xiao Mo girl really exhausted herself last night."

Not only his cultivation base, but his physique also experienced a breakthrough, reaching the middle stages as an Elementary Spirit Body Refiner. It also has to be mentioned that Su Yang was only at the Third Level of Elementary Spirit Realm just a little over a week ago. If people knew of his explosive rise in cultivation base, it would surely shock them still, as it would normally take weeks, even months just to achieve a single breakthrough for cultivators at the Elementary Spirit Realm.

In this mortal world, there existed five cultivation stages – Elementary Spirit Realm, Profound Spirit Realm, True Spirit Realm, Earth Spirit Realm, and Heavenly Spirit Realm.

The majority of the Outer Court disciples were within the Elementary Spirit Realm, whilst all Inner Court disciple was at least within the Profound Spirit Realm. And while Li Xiao Mo could be considered on the weaker side for Inner Court disciples, the massive amount of Yin Qi she had left inside Su Yang’s room was equivalent if not even more beneficial to Su Yang than Elder Lan’s tiny amount despite being a cultivator at the True Spirit Realm.

However, it was obvious that Su Yang was not satisfied with leftover Yin Qi and wanted it fresh. But alas, until he obtains the Pure Yang Flower that enhances his Yang Qi, he has to be patient.

"I have a little over 7,500 Premium Points at this time, and I still have a few days before the time limit I had set for myself." Su Yang looked out the window, but there was not a single person outside.

"They should be here soon..." Su Yang recalled the note left behind by Li Xiao Mo, and he couldn’t help but smile again.

"I would’ve never expected such a generous offer from someone like you, but I guess our short yet profound experience together had managed to change a few things within you..."

Li Xiao Mo’s response to their situation reminded Su Yang of the most arrogant woman under heaven in his previous life, who had spent many years trying to kill him due to unreasonable reasons, only to end up as his most loyal servant after experiencing his techniques in bed.

After staring out the window for a few minutes, looking as though he was waiting for somebody or something to arrive, a group of beauties wearing green robes appeared in the distance.

There were at exactly 25 of these beauties, each of them emitting a powerful aura that separated the world between Outer Court disciples and Inner Court disciples.

When the Outer Court disciples noticed the group of Inner Court disciples, their jaws dropped to the ground, and their eyes nearly popped from its sockets from fright.

Why was there so many Inner Court disciples gathered here? What could they be after?

The only reasoning these disciples could think of was that they were here for Su Yang, who has been the center of all attention as of lately.

And indeed, their guesses were correct, as these Inner Court disciples walked directly to the doorsteps of Su Yang’s living quarters without even stopping to look at others.

"Are you Su Yang?" The girls asked when Su Yang appeared to greet them.

"I am."

"Our senior sister had told us about you. We are here to request for your service," said one of the girls, her voice sounding a bit stiff, almost as though she couldn’t believe her own words.

"..." Su Yang lifted an eyebrow at the group. He couldn’t help but feel suspicious of their relationship with Li Xiao Mo.

"I apologize in advance if I am wrong, but are you all by any chance Li Xiao Mo’s servants?"

If anyone else were here to hear his words, they would surely burst out laughing. However, these girls’ eyes widened at his question, looking as if they were in shock.

Seeing their reactions and the silence that followed, Su Yang confirmed his suspicions and sighed. "Aren’t you all Inner Court disciples? How could you be servants for another Inner Court disciple? Especially someone like Li Xiao Mo?"

The girls remained silent, but a little bit later, one of them said with a serious expression: "Although Senior Sister Li may cause misunderstandings with the way she talks, she genuinely cares for those under her! If it weren’t for Senior Sister Li’s care, none of us would be here today in these green robes!"

"That’s right! So don’t you dare badmouth her, or I will personally take care of you!"

"Just misunderstandings?" Su Yang nearly choked from their words. Li Xiao Mo’s foul mouth and arrogance could easily anger even buddha himself!

Su Yang shook his head and said: "Your relationship doesn’t matter to me; I was just curious since she told me in advance that she will be inviting her ’friends’, and none of you give off such an impression."

"Is it that obvious...?" One of them asked in a worried tone.

"No, not really. I just have a sharper than normal sense for these kind of things," he said.

"Anyway, follow me." Su Yang seemed calm on the outside, but he was inwardly excited.

"After today, I will finally have enough Premium Points for that Pure Yang Flower!"

Su Yang led the girls to his house, where he began treating them one by one.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29 Cripple
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mmm... Ahhh~! Harder… push it deeper inside me!"

Su Yang pressed his fingers into her back with a bit more intensity and the girl on his bed released a powerful moan filled with gratification that echoed a few times within the room.

Su Yang gently removed his hands from her back and distanced himself from her. "We are done here," he said to her in a slightly exhausted tone.

After spending the remainder of the day to treat the 25 girls that Li Xiao Mo had sent to his house, Su Yang was feeling as though he had just fought against some powerful beast. Unlike previously when he was not required to exert any real effort into his techniques because Outer Court disciples had low cultivation bases, Su Yang had to use his Profound Qi in order to make these Inner Court disciples satisfied because of their superior cultivation base.

The way Su Yang's techniques worked was not just because of his godly movements but also how he profoundly uses his Profound Qi to massage places he cannot physically touch, hence why the girls would feel pleasure all over their body despite their back being the only place Su Yang had touched. And if the girls had a cultivation base superior to his, then he would have to increase the usage of his Profound Qi, as it would only be more difficult to explore their bodies with his inferior Profound Qi.

"Su Yang…" The girl on his bed suddenly called out to him in an exhausted voice: "Your partner must be the most blissful girl under heaven… I am envious..." she sighed.

"..." Su Yang showed a bitter smile at her words.

"My partners, huh..." While every partner he's had in his previous life was most definitely blissful when he was in their life, it was not as if they did not have any sorrow. In fact, they probably have had experienced more sorrow than happiness after meeting Su Yang.

"Didn't you know? I have no partners right now," Su Yang casually said to the Inner Court disciple, dumbfounding her.

"What?! You have no partner!? With your ability to satisfy girls being this profound, I wouldn't be surprised if you had every Outer Court female disciple as your partner!"

The name 'Su Yang' was only popular within the Outer Court disciples, hence why the Inner Court disciple had no idea about Su Yang's background within the sect.

"I may be able to satisfy others, but what use am I if I am unable to cultivate with them?"

"What do you mean by that?" asked the Inner Court disciple with a puzzled frown.

Su Yang pointed to his crotch area and smiled: "It's crippled."

The Inner Court disciple's jaw dropped from shock the moment Su Yang revealed the truth about his little brother being crippled. While it was widely known within the Outer Court that Su Yang was crippled down there, it was never really proven to be true.

"You're… a cripple?"

The Inner Court disciple couldn't believe it; she didn't dare to believe that someone as perfect as Su Yang would have such a flaw. Furthermore, it was a flaw that could be considered men's worst nightmare!

Perhaps the heavens were jealous of Su Yang's heaven-defying talent, hence why they only allowed him to satisfy others but not himself.

The Inner Court disciple felt heartbroken not only for Su Yang but also for every female in this world.

"But why are you still in this sect if you cannot cultivate? Unlike normal sects where it won't matter, being crippled down there means you would not be of any use in this sect where dual cultivation means everything!" The Inner Court disciple had her suspicions.

Su Yang shrugged. "Who knows what the sect is thinking, but I have never been bothered by them."

"Who would've thought that such a man would be… Aiya! This is a huge upset for the world!" The Inner Court disciple sighed loudly.

After a moment of silence, she suddenly said: "Don't worry, Su Yang! Even if you are a cripple and cannot cultivate, I wouldn't mind being your partner…"

Su Yang smiled at her offer, but he shook his head regardless.

"I may be a cripple right now, but who said anything about it being useless forever?"

The girl's eyes widened at his word, seemingly speechless.

She then smiled a moment later and said sheepishly: "Then, if you manage to heal… let's cultivate together someday, okay?"

Su Yang chuckled and said: "There will be a queue, you know?"

"If you are this good with your hands, then I am willing to wait forever to experience that…" she said with a blush.

A few minutes later, the last customer for the day left Su Yang's house in satisfaction, feeling as though she'd been reborn.

Su Yang directly sat down to cultivate afterward, absorbing the lingering Yin Qi within the room.

–

–

–

Early in the morning, Su Yang stopped his cultivation and prepared to head to the White Pearl Treasury.

"10,000 Premium Points…" Su Yang confirmed and left the house in a bright mood.

When he arrived at the White Pearl Treasury, the same old man he saw last week sat behind the desk.

"Hmm? You're that disciple who wanted the Pure Yang Flower…" The old man recognized Su Yang the instant he saw his handsome face.

"If you're just here to annoy me, then you can turn around."

Su Yang approached the old man's desk with a smile, and he placed a jade slip on top of the desk, causing the old man to look at him with a surprised expression.

"10,000 Premium Points for the Pure Yang Flower."

"..."

The old man looked at Su Yang with a bewildered expression, seemingly in disbelief.

"You… You… You actually managed to obtain 10,000 Premium Points in 10 days? Impossible!" The old man swiftly grabbed the jade slip to check its contents. And when he confirmed that there was exactly 10,000 Premium Points inside, his heart nearly jumped out of his throat from shock.

"Wh-What in the name of heavens did you do to get this much in such a short period of time?!"

Because the old man rarely left White Pearl Treasury, he did not know of Su Yang's little massage business.

"Just a few things," Su Yang answered casually, and he continued: "What about the Pure Yang Flower? I need it as soon as possible."

The old man turned silent and stared at him with narrowed eyes, seemingly in deep thoughts.

"Alright... wait here for a moment while I get you the Pure Yang Flower," sighed the old man as he disappeared into the room behind him.

A few minutes later, the old man returned with a red wooden box in his grasp.

"Here's your Pure Yang Flower."

"Thank you…" Su Yang felt some resistance when he grabbed the wooden box from him.

"Young man, what do you plan on doing with that thing?" The old man asked him after reluctantly giving him the wooden box.

"Cultivate…" Su Yang gave him a simple answer, which only astonished the old man even more.

"A mere Elementary Spirit Realm disciple, yet you want to use the Red Devil Flower to cultivate? There are easier ways to court death, you know?"

As crazy as Su Yang looked, the old man did not believe that he would spend so much effort and resource just to kill himself. However, he has no idea what someone at the Elementary Spirit Realm could possibly do with a Pure Yang Flower that has killed even experts at the Earth Spirit Realm.

"What's your name?"

"Su Yang."

"Su Yang, huh… Well, try not to make too much of a mess. I'd feel pity for whoever has to clean your mess after you explode to death."

Su Yang smiled at the old man's words, but he didn't say anything and walked out the door.

After Su Yang left the place, the old man closed the White Pearl Treasury, something that rarely happens, and he went directly to the Yin Yang Pavilion, where the Profound Blossom Sect's Patriarch and Matriarch resided.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30 Searching for a Partner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Su Yang returned home, he placed a sign outside his door to announce that he would be in closed cultivation for a few days.

Inside his room, Su Yang opened the red wooden box and a wave of heat blasted him in the face, feeling as though he was in a hot desert. Inside the red wooden box was a flower that was red from the head to the tip of its roots; it was also glowing a light red, seemingly alive and breathing.

"10,000 Premium Points for this low-quality Pure Yang Flower? This is clearly a scam!" Su Yang sighed once he saw the actual Pure Yang Flower. Its glow gave away the quality, as the darker red it glows the better the quality.

As disappointed as he was in the Pure Yang Flower's quality, Su Yang, however, was in no position to complain or be picky.

Su Yang retrieved the Pure Yang Flower from the wooden box, and it felt like he was holding a hot rock that has been sitting in the blazing sun for all day. He then placed it in a grinder, and he began grinding the Pure Yang Flower into powder.

And even after turning into powder, the Pure Yang Flower was still glowing red.

After he finished, Su Yang stared at the powder, seemingly in a daze.

"The Celestial Body Refining Scripture will allow me to absorb the potent Profound Qi within the Pure Yang Flower without a problem. The side effects, however, must be dealt with naturally…" Su Yang sighed at this moment.

While he could deal with the Profound Qi and not explode to death when consuming the Pure Yang Flower, its side effects would surely be troublesome if not dealt with properly.

Su Yang has been pondering the best candidate to help him relieve these side effects ever since he thought about obtaining it, but alas, not a single person came to mind.

"Once I consume the Pure Yang Flower, not only will my cultivation base rise but so will my thing down there, and it would not rest until I relieve it with someone else… Aiya… why did I have to come to this place filled with mortals? It is basically impossible to find someone even a small fraction of my real age here!"

While Su Yang was not someone who would let something like the age of his partner bother him in his previous life, that was because everyone around him was either Immortals or powerful cultivators that have lived thousands of years already.

And while one's age has no significance in the eyes of cultivators, there was still a boundary to morally respect.

"The oldest here would most likely be the Matriarch, but even then, she would be at most two hundred years old. Not to mention her status as a Matriarch; it'll be hard enough just to get near her, let alone cultivate with her..."

Many minutes later, Su Yang gave up on trying to find a suitable partner, as a weakling like him has no real choices in this mortal world. If he does not suck it up and cultivate with the mortals in this sect, then he can forget about returning to the immortal world, let alone reunite with his lovers that are at an even higher place.

After steeling his heart, Su Yang packed the Pure Yang Flower and left his house to find himself a partner.

–

–

–

The first person that came into Su Yang's mind when finding a partner was no doubt, Elder Lan, who reminded him of his first love.

After arriving at the Medicine Hall, Su Yang instantly attracted everyone's attention.

"Su Yang?! What are you doing here?"

"Huh? Su Yang is here?"

The disciples working there ran up to him with flickering lights in their eyes.

"It's been awhile." Su Yang greeted the group of sisters that greatly helped him spread his name after Elder Lan tricked them into approaching him.

Yu Yan, Xuan Jinglin, Jia Biyu – they were all there.

"What are you doing here? Do you need help with something? I can help you!" Yu Yan, the youngest amongst the sister said with a reddened face, seemingly still embarrassed about 'that' day.

"Un. I am looking for Elder Lan."

"Master? She is upstairs, but she said that she was preparing for some big event and cannot be bothered."

Su Yang lifted an eyebrow at her words. "Did she take my joke seriously?" he wondered.

"Do you mind if I meet with her? I have urgent matters that cannot be delayed," said Su Yang with a handsome smile, making it hard for the girls to refuse.

"But…"

The girls looked at each other with troubled expressions.

It was at this moment a cough resounded behind them.

"What are you all doing crowded in the entrance?" Elder Lan said as she came down the stairs. And because Su Yang was surrounded by the girls, Elder Lan was not able to see his face clearly.

"Master! Su Yang is here to greet you."

"Su Yang?!" Elder Lan nearly tripped and fell down the last few steps after hearing his name. Why was he here? She was even about to head to his place!

Su Yang walked forward, showing his handsome face to her.

"Greetings, Elder Lan." He greeted her with a bow.

"I am here to speak with you," he said right afterward.

Elder Lan wondered what he wanted to talk about, but she was clueless.

"...Let's talk upstairs," she said after a moment of silence.

Su Yang nodded, but before he followed her, he said to the group of girls in a low, captivating voice: "Next time I come back here, it will be for you girls, since I am looking for partners to cultivate with…"

His sudden words shocked everybody there into a daze. Their beautiful eyes were wide, and their jaws dropped, looking as though they just witnessed a chicken talk for the first time.

Su Yang turned around with a smile and followed Elder Lan upstairs.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31 I Want Your Yin Essence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside Elder Lan’s room that lingered with the smell of herbs and medicines, Su Yang stood by the entrance with a profound expression.

"You knew that I would be approaching you today, yet you still decided to come here yourself. What do you want from me so urgently?" Elder Lan spoke in a stern voice, almost as if she was trying to remind Su Yang of her status.

Su Yang kept his calm expression, and he said: "I will get straight to the point, Elder Lan – I want your Yin Essence."

Elder Lan expressed a puzzled expression at first, then realization, and finally bewilderment.

"You want my what?!" Elder Lan exclaimed loudly.

Unlike Yin Qi that could be extracted from females even after they lose their chastity, Yin Essence could only be extracted during the moment the female loses her virginity.

"I am about to consume the Pure Yang Flower and I need a partner to cultivate with afterward," said Su Yang without hiding anything.

Elder Lan’s eyes widened with even more shock. "You are really planning to consume that? Do you have any idea what kind of medicine the Pure Yang Flower is?! There will only be one result if you consume it – a violent death!" Elder Lan was more angry at the fact that Su Yang was thinking to consume the Pure Yang Flower than him asking her for her Yin Essence.

"I have already said this before, Elder Lan. Look at me – do I look like someone who’d kill myself after spending so much effort into obtaining the Pure Yang Flower?" Su Yang slowly approached Elder Lan, his aura radiating an otherworldly feeling.

When Elder Lan sensed Su Yang’s presence, she felt as though she was standing in front of a profound entity who has the whole world in his hands.

"W-Why me? I am a sect elder and you are an Outer Court disciple, do you have any idea what will happen if we cultivate together? The sect will not allow it!"

"If they don’t know about it, then nothing will happen."

"That’s not how it works! Anyways, I refuse! Do not overstep your boundaries, disciple Su Yang. I am only approaching you for treatment for my pain; it is not as though I have any feelings for you. Once the treatment is over, so is our relationship." Elder Lan said to him with a serious expression.

At the end of the day, she was a sect elder and he was a mere Outer Court disciple, not to mention Elder Lan still being a pure maiden. She didn’t put so much effort into keeping herself pure just so she could lose it to some Outer Court disciple she’d just met.

Su Yang closed his eyes to hide the disappointment in his eyes and sighed. "A pity..." he mumbled.

"I apologize for coming here to bother you, Elder Lan. You are right, the gap between our status is too vast. We can act as though this conversation never happened. I came to you first because I thought my Yang Essence could’ve been of some use to your cultivation."

Su Yang turned around and prepared to walk away.

"Wait." Elder Lan suddenly stopped him with a frown on her face. "What do you mean by that?"

"The Pure Yang Flower will obviously enhance my Yang Qi by many folds, even more so for my Yang Essence. I was hoping to give it to you so you can reach the 4th level of the True Spirit Realm." Su Yang explained his true objective, and he continued: "You are close to having a breakthrough, no?"

Elder Lan’s eyes widened at his words, and she stared at him with a speechless expression.

"As for your appointment with me... I will have to delay it since I will be busy in closed cultivation for the next few days."

Su Yang continued walking towards the door.

"Wait." Elder Lan stopped him again.

"Even if the Pure Yang Flower enhances the quality of your Yang Essence by many folds, you are only at the Elementary Spirit Realm. Such a small amount of Yang Essence would not benefit someone like me, who is at the True Spirit Realm, not even the slightest."

Su Yang only silently smiled at her remarks. He couldn’t tell her that he was cultivating one of the seven Heavenly Sublime Scripture, as it would raise too many unwanted questions and bring countless troubles.

Before stepping out of the room, Su Yang said to Elder Lan: "Elder Lan, I will be borrowing your disciples for today, if you don’t mind..."

Elder Lan’s jaw dropped upon hearing his words.

"Don’t tell me you plan on..."

"What other choices do I have?" Su Yang shrugged.

Elder Lan bit her lips as she watched Su Yang leave her room, seemingly in deep thoughts.

–

–

–

When Su Yang returned to the first floor, the girls there instantly glared at him with sharp gazes, looking like a pack of hungry wolves.

"Ahem." Su Yang loudly cleared his throat; it was as though he was looking for attention.

Luckily, he already received it the moment he walked downstairs.

"Although this may be a bit sudden... I’d like to–"

"Wait!"

Just as Su Yang was about to request for their company in his bed, Elder Lan’s voice loudly resounded from upstairs.

"Su Yang, get back up here! We are not done talking!"

Su Yang remained standing there with his mouth open after hearing her voice.

He smiled a moment later and said: "Let’s save this for another time..."

The girls there looked at him with a puzzled expression. Just what did he want from them?

Su Yang turned around and began making his way upstairs for the second time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32 How Are You Going to Be Responsible?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elder Lan stared at Su Yang, who was standing there with a nonchalant expression, with an awkward expression, her gaze filled with uncertainty and complications.

If she had to swear on her life that she has no feelings for Su Yang, then she wouldn’t dare to open her mouth so carelessly. However, Elder Lan did not have the leisure to expose her feelings, much less jump into his arms, as their status as sect elder and disciple would cause countless troubles.

After a moment, Elder Lan let out a long sigh. "Why couldn’t you be a core disciple instead? That would make things less complicated..." she mumbled what she truly felt inside her heart without being aware.

"Core disciple?" Su Yang lifted an eyebrow at her mumble.

While core disciples are also disciples, they are not treated as such. As a matter of fact, they have more authority than even sect elders within the sect.

Sect elders are mostly those who used to be Inner Court disciples but had no chance of becoming a core disciple; it was a way for the sect to keep their resources without being wasteful by disowning them, as Inner Court disciples are still talented individuals regardless if they are to become core disciples or not.

"If I become a core disciple, will that erase your shame, which would be cultivating with me, a mere Outer Court disciple?" Su Yang asked her in a serious tone.

Elder Lan noticed the confidence in his eyes when he mentioned becoming a core disciple, and she coldly snorted: "Do you have any idea what it takes to become a core disciple? They are all prodigies chosen by heaven itself since birth; there is no way you can compete with them."

"What makes you so sure?"

"Let’s use Fang Zhelan, one of the leading core disciples at the moment, as an example. At your age, while you are only at the Elementary Spirit Realm, she was already at the level of sect elders at the True Spirit Realm. Tell me, Su Yang, how can you compete with that kind of monstrous talent?"

Su Yang chuckled at her example, and he said in a clear tone filled with confidence: "It’s only the True Spirit Realm, there is nothing special about it. I’ll get there in one month after consuming the Pure Yang Flower."

"Only the True Spirit Realm?" Ignoring his arrogant statement of achieving True Spirit Realm in one month, Elder Lan frowned at how easily Su Yang took the True Spirit Realm for, since she herself, was also ’only at the True Spirit Realm’.

"What a joke. You have not even seen the struggle at the Profound Spirit Realm, yet you are treating the True Spirit Realm as though it is nothing in your eyes. Just where do you get your arrogance and confidence from?"

It was only natural for Elder Lan to question his sanity, as she was unaware of Su Yang’s experience in his previous life.

In reply to Elder Lan’s remarks, Su Yang smiled and said: "Instead of just standing here and talking nonsense that will take us nowhere, how about I show you after we cultivate? If I cannot reach the True Spirit Realm within a month after I consume the Pure Yang Flower, I will cut off my treasure down there and feed it to the pigs."

"..."

Elder Lan was speechless at Su Yang’s arrogance and imperturbable self-confidence. However, she also found his demeanor somewhat attractive. In this world where the strong ruled the weak, those without confidence in their own abilities would never achieve anything great no matter how profound their talent may be.

As for this Profound Blossom Sect, where female disciples actively look for partners to cultivate with, Su Yang’s profound presence, charisma, and ability to satisfy them would naturally attract them like a chicken in the middle of a pack of carnivores. Even Elder Lan was no different. As a female, no matter her status, Su Yang’s charisma also captivated her.

Elder Lan sighed sometime later, feeling frustrated and defeated along with many other complicated feelings.

"Aiii... Su Yang, you are really a difficult one, aren’t you?" she shook her head, sounding tired.

"I consider myself pretty easygoing at this moment," Su Yang said with a smile, and he continued: "So about my request..."

Elder Lan closed her eyes and sighed again once he mentioned the topic.

When she opened her eyes, resolution flickered within. "My many years of effort will be wasted because of you, Su Yang... how are you going to be responsible for plucking my Yin Essence?"

Su Yang slowly approached her with a gentle smile and said: "By making you happiest woman in this universe for as long as I am here."

Elder Lan’s face reddened at his words. She has never felt such an overwhelming desire to embrace someone before, let alone someone of the opposite gender.

"I will consume the Pure Yang Flower now. I’d appreciate it if you can protect me while–"

"What are you saying at this point?" Elder Lan suddenly said.

And she continued: "I will warn my disciples to not let anyone bother us for..."

"We can start short. Two days should be good enough."

"..."

Elder Lan was speechless. Forget about her, a pure maiden with no experience in dual cultivation, even experts wouldn’t be able to handle dual cultivation for an entire day, yet he wants to cultivate for two days straight, even calling it short.

"Ahem... I will be right back..." Elder Lan awkwardly cleared her throat before quickly leaving the room.

Su Yang sat down in the lotus position once Elder Lan left. He then took out the Pure Yang Flower and stared at the red powder in his hands, preparing himself for whatever was in store for him after the powder enters his mouth.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33 Awakening of a Dragon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Master!"

When the girls downstairs noticed Elder Lan’s presence, they greeted her.

"Where’s Su Yang?" They suddenly asked, nearly causing Elder Lan to choke.

"Uh... Su Yang is actually in a very serious condition. He was poisoned after consuming something he shouldn’t and is currently in a life or death situation."

Never in Elder Lan’s life would she have expected herself to make such an excuse in front of her own disciples just so she could secretly cultivate with an Outer Court disciple. Just thinking about it caused her body to tremble in shame.

"What?! How could that be?! He looked perfectly fine when we spoke with him!"

"Is there anything we can do to help him?"

"Master, you must heal him! I don’t want to live life regretting that I wasn’t about to– Ahem..."

"..."

Although she had expected such reactions from her disciples, they still managed to make her speechless.

"I will naturally heal him, but it will take some time. In the meantime, I need everyone to ensure that nobody will be bothering us for the next few days – not until I come down. I don’t care who comes, turn them around. Su Yang’s life is on the line here." Elder Lan spoke in a stern voice, her expression as serious as it could get. It was so realistic that nobody there doubted her words.

They nodded with a serious expression.

"Don’t worry, Master! Even if the heavens fall, we will make sure that neither you or Su Yang will be bothered even the slightest!" Her disciples said in a clear voice, their bright eyes showing assurance.

While Elder Lan felt bad about deceiving her own disciples, she wasn’t willing to expose the fact that she was actually going to engage in dual cultivation with Su Yang, as it would surely become a scandal.

"Very well... then I will be going now." Elder Lan turned around and began walking upstairs, her heart beating with every step she took.

The anxiety she was feeling at this moment overwhelmed her, causing her to sweat profusely. No matter how mature she may look or what her cultivation base was, she was just a little girl when it came to dual cultivation. It was like a naive little girl walking into a dark cave knowing what was on the other side and at the same time knowing nothing at all.

When she reached the door to her room that was tightly enforced with sound-proof formations, her heart began throbbing even harder and faster.

–

–

–

After preparing himself, Su Yang directly threw the red powder into his mouth and closed his eyes.

Mere seconds later, his body began changing colors. His white, jade-like skin turned orange and red, looking as though he was a sword begin forged. Smoke began emitting from his pores, and Su Yang growled in pain from the burning sensation that was torturing every inch of his body; it felt as though his body had turned into a cauldron and there was something being created inside him.

His beautiful black hair was literally burning, soon disappearing into the air. Even his robes were completely burned until there was nothing left, leaving him completely naked.

It was at this moment the door to the room opened and Elder Lan walked inside.

When she first saw the scene and Su Yang’s appearance, her heart nearly jumped out of her throat from fright.

"Su Yang?!" Elder Lan tried to approach him, but the powerful heat and aura that surrounded Su Yang kept her from approaching him.

All of the anxiety and worry in Elder Lan’s mind disappeared like smoke the moment she laid eyes on Su Yang, who was completely naked and without a single hair on his body and looked as though he was being cooked alive.

–

–

–

Many hours have passed since Elder Lan entered the room, yet Su Yang remained the same, showing no signs of recovering anytime soon.

And to Elder Lan, who has been keeping a close eye on him since the beginning, these few hours felt like an eternity.

Suddenly, a powerful ripple filled with Profound Qi swept the room, causing Elder Lan, who felt the domineering and horrifying pressure within the ripple, to tremble in fear.

The feeling she felt when the ripple touched her was not something a human could release; it felt more like an instinctive cry from a savage beast who craved for power.

After the ripple disappeared, changes began appearing in Su Yang’s body.

His red skin slowly returned to the formal condition, perhaps even purer and more beautiful. His burned hair began restoring in an incredible speed that could easily be noticed even with one’s bare eyes.

And Elder Lan watched all of this happen in front of her with wide eyes, looking mesmerized.

Su Yang slowly opened his eyes, and Elder Lan noticed a faint glow of a golden light that quickly vanished from his eyes almost instantly after it appeared.

He slowly stood up, and a profound aura enveloped the room, causing the place to feel as though there was the presence of a divine entity inside the room.

Su Yang turned to look at Elder Lan, who stood there with her jaw wide open and looking hypnotized by the spectacular scenery. He smiled at her, not even bothering to hide the magnificent view of the bulging rod that stood upright in-between his legs, like a domineering dragon soaring towards the heaven.

In Elder Lan’s eyes, this was definitely the most stunning and elegant scene she has ever witnessed in her life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34 Their Dual Cultivation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before you start reading, you need to be aware of the fact that this is literally my first time writing a sex scene and that it will improve as I write more. I had spent many many hours and countless effort just to complete this chapter with over 2,000 words. Also, let me know if this is too mature or too descriptive. But just remember that this is a mature novel and I give zero fucks about censorship.

Enjoy, fellow gentlemen and gentlewomen.

-

-

-

The Su Yang in Elder Lan's eyes right now looked nothing like a 16-year-old who had just turned into an adult, but someone who emitted an aura that was filled with an experienced feeling that surpassed even Elder Lan herself.

Elder Lan stood there like a stone statue as Su Yang slowly approached her, his bulging rod standing upright; it was so stiff that not even walking was able to cause it to move, like a firm mountain.

While she has seen it before, they were all paintings and objects — this was her first time seeing a real man's penis, she was instantly mesmerized by its flawless shape and vigorous aura; it looked more like a heavenly treasure than some vulgar stick – something entirely different than her imaginations.

Even as Su Yang closed in on their distance, she was unable to look away from his thick and long rod, seemingly captivated by its presence. By the time Su Yang was standing next to her, Elder Lan was already breathing heavily, her heart beating like war drums.

Su Yang's slender arms gently embraced her, and he closed his eyes as his mouth slowly reached for her soft lips.

Elder Lan didn't resist his kiss and also closed her own eyes.

The two's lips gently connected, and Elder Lan's body trembled upon contact.

"Mmm!"

A slippery object suddenly invaded her mouth and began running wild, entangling her tongue like a snake ensnaring its prey.

The sudden and unexpected action by Su Yang caught Elder Lan, who had zero experience in kissing by surprise, causing her to open her eyes.

However, when she saw how close Su Yang's handsome face was to her own, her face exploded in redness.

As they continued kissing, Su Yang slowly led her to the bed.

He then gently laid her on the bed with him being on the top, and he released his lips a moment later, creating a bridge made of saliva between their lips as they disconnected.

Su Yang took this moment to take a good look at Elder Lan, whose face was beet red like a tomato, her eyes flickering with countless lights.

Her hair was midnight-black and it flowed on the bed like a waterfall. She had slender eyebrows, her eyelashes velvety. Her black eyes sparkled with embarrassment and bashfulness as they intensively gazed at him, yet there was a sense of desire flickering within. Her rosy-pink lips had a herbal taste mixed with a sweetness that had caused his taste buds to tingle with delight.

If Su Yang had to compare her beauty with the Immortals in his previous life, then he was confident that she wouldn't lose any face if they were to stand together.

"Su Yang…" Elder Lan mumbled his name in a sheepish tone.

"Hm?"

"When we are alone, I want you to call me Lan Liqing…" she said to him in an alluring tone.

Su Yang smiled and whispered in her ears: "Lan Liqing, I want you…"

When Lan Liqing felt Su Yang's warm breath tickling her ears, she could feel a tingling sensation in-between her legs.

"May I?" Su Yang requested for permission before they reach the point of no return.

After a moment of silence, Lan Liqing slowly nodded, her face getting redder by the second.

Su Yang smiled, and he began loosening her robes, his gentle and smooth movements revealing his vast knowledge and expertise in this field.

Moments later, Lan Liqing laid there with her robes stripped from her, revealing everything except her bottom lips and nipples that she had covered with her fair hands.

Both Su Yang and Lan Liqing were completely naked at this moment; it was a profound feeling for Lan Liqing, who has been experiencing many 'firsts' today.

Su Yang took another moment to engrave this enchanting scenery into his soul, ensuring that he would never forget it.

Her slim body was well-sculpted, like a piece of art. Her skin was smooth and pale like white jade, and her slightly sweaty body made it seem as though stars covered her body. Not to mention her body was also without a single hair despite her ripe body, it was a peerless figure that would cause any men to go crazy.

When Su Yang laid eyes on her pair of perfectly round breasts, his already stiff rod hardened even more, and his hands began reaching for it.

"Ahh~"

Despite covering her breasts in embarrassment, Lan Liqing did not resist when Su Yang began skillfully massaging her breast.

"Mmm…" Lan Liqing softly moaned, the tingling sensation in her bottom lips growing even stronger.

While he massaged her breasts, Su Yang's head approached the lower-half of her body. When Lan Liqing noticed that, she began to panic.

"S-Su Yang! T-That's…" Lan Liqing tightly covered her forbidden world. She was not mentally prepared to let Su Yang explore that world yet.

"There's nothing to be scared of… I promise." Su Yang gently kissed her slender legs, slowly approaching the hand that covered Lan Liqing's other world with every kiss.

When Su Yang reached the center of her legs, a sweet fragrance aroused his nose, causing his body temperature to heat up.

"..."

A few moments passed, yet Su Yang did not say nor do anything, only silently waiting for Lan Liqing to release the hand that blocked him from seeing her most precious part that made her a female.

After another moment, Lan Liqing finally surrendered.

"You will definitely take responsibility after this, Su Yang!" she said as she slowly released her trembling hand, revealing to Su Yang her beautiful, pink world.

Without any further delay, Su Yang pressed his lips directly against her pink flower and began exploring it with his tongue.

"Ahhhh!" Lan Liqing released a powerful moan the moment she felt something soft and vicious enter her flower, and her body trembled violently, feeling as though there was electricity running through her body.

"Mmm~ Ahhhhh~" Lan Liqing's erotic moaning sounded like heavenly bells in Su Yang's ears; it was both peaceful and exciting.

Liquid flowed from Lan Liqing's tight cave like a river, and Su Yang savored every last drop without letting a single drop go to waste.

"More… give me more…" Lan Liqing suddenly grabbed Su Yang by his head and pulled him towards her, his tongue reaching even deeper into her pink cave.

It took a few minutes for Lan Liqing to release her grip on his head, but when she finally did, Su Yang began licking her pink pearl.

Su Yang suddenly attacking her most sensitive spot made Lan Liqing instantly cum on the spot.

Crystal clear water sprayed onto Su Yang's face like a broken water fountain.

Su Yang chuckled as he wiped his face: "You sure are hydrated today."

Lan Liqing, feeling ashamed of herself, covered her face with both her hands after hearing his remarks, completely forgetting her role as a sect elder.

Su Yang helped her by removing her hands away from her face, and he said to her in a soothing voice: "I want to see your beautiful face as our bodies connect."

"..."

Although she was embarrassed to no ends, she nodded regardless.

Su Yang rubbed her pink with his thick meat-stick while he kissed her again.

"Are you ready? It will hurt at first, but the pain will go away soon."

"Un..." Lan Liqing sheepishly nodded.

It was at this moment Su Yang slowly pushed the tip of his rod into her cave.

"Nnn!" Lan Liqing bit her lips from the extreme pain, the corner her eyes forming teardrops. She could very clearly feel her hymen slowly being torn apart by Su Yang's thick dragon, and blood was seeping through what little gap was left in her cave.

Not wishing to cause her too much pain, Su Yang continued to pierce Lan Liqing's tight vagina carefully. Her insides were tightly wrapped around his meat-stick; it was a sensational experience for both of them, especially Lan Liqing, who has never felt anything relatively close to losing her chastity.

–

–

–

Although it took some time, Su Yang's entire heavenly rod was finally inside Lan Liqing's hole with the tip even hitting the end of her hole. It was a heavenly feeling for Su Yang despite having experienced this plenty of times in his previous life; it was something he would never get tired of.

"How does it feel, losing your chastity?" Su Yang asked her in a teasing voice.

Lan Liqing struggled to lift her head to look at her stomach that was slightly bulging due to Su Yang's thick rod. Her stomach felt full, almost as though she was full from eating too much. She even looked a bit dazed by the fact that she actually allowed her Yin Essence to be plucked by an Outer Court disciple.

"I will begin moving now, okay?" Su Yang warned her like a gentleman.

Seeing her nod, Su Yang began moving his hips, thrusting his slowly slowly at first, increasing the speed and intensity only after Lan Liqing began showing signs of pleasure.

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Ahhh!"

After a few minutes, Lan Liqing could no longer feel pain – only extremely pleasure. Her mind quickly became empty, and soon enough, the only thing she could think about was the burning sensation in her pussy and the profound pleasure that came with it.

The only sound that could be heard inside the room at this moment was Lan Liqing's captivating moaning and heavy breathing, the sound of meat getting pounded, and the sound of smacking water.

"Ahhh! Harder! I want it harder!" Lan Liqing pleaded for more as she tightly embraced Su Yang's neck.

Su Yang heeded her request and tightly held onto her slim waist as he lifted her into the air and began thrusting faster and faster with no signs of exhaustion even after intensive thrusting for many minutes, his dragon head fiercely hitting the end of her hole repeatedly, like a hammer pounding a wall.

It was a sight to behold in Su Yang's eyes. The way her beautiful breasts jiggled and her erotic face, not to mention the sound of her butt cheeks slapping against against his legs.

"Something's coming — Ahhhhhhh!" Lan Liqing tiled her head backward and screamed loudly with her tongue sticking out of her mouth, her body spazzing out of control instantly afterward, and a large amount of liquid then gushed out from her bottom.

However, Su Yang did not stop his movements and continued to thrust his steel-like rod into her, as he was also close to reaching his climax from the powerful sucking force of her vagina. This only further aroused Lan Liqing's lust and increased her sensitivity, causing her to continuously release liquid without any signs of stopping anytime soon.

"I feel like I am going crazy!" Lan Liqing exclaimed.

After another a few more minutes of thrusting, Su Yang finally released his virgin Yang Essence into Lan Liqing's pussy, quickly filling her hole without leaving even the smallest space unoccupied.

Su Yang gently kissed her on the lips afterward. However, despite already releasing his Yang Essence, he didn't pull his penis out of her hole, keeping the white substance tightly sealed within.

Lan Liqing took this moment to take deep breaths. She has never been this exhausted before, not even during the most strenuous training in her life.

"Su… Su Yang… just who… are you…?" she asked him in a low voice.

"Just an Outer Court disciple who is lustful towards his sect elder…" he answered with a teasing smile.

Lan Liqing sighed at his reply, turning quiet again. She then looked at her stomach that was still feeling the burning sensation strongly; it felt as though her stomach was on fire.

Then she noticed that the bulging on her stomach was still there, and she quickly looked at Su Yang with disbelief in her beautiful eyes. "Su Yang… your thing… it's still so hard?" she couldn't help but ask him about his thing.

Su Yang chuckled and replied: "The Pure Yang Flower is a very powerful medicine. Releasing that little amount would not even be close to satisfying it."

Lan Liqing was totally at lost for words upon hearing his answer. He was not satisfied after that intensive play? Even though her body has yet to calm down?

"Don't tell me that you are already at your limit after that little warmup? And you call yourself my senior?" Su Yang looked at her with surprise and a hint of teasing.

"W-Warmup? That was just a warmup?" Lan Liqing didn't know whether to laugh or cry after hearing his words. However, as sensitive as her body may be at this moment, she could tell with certainty that her body was craving for more of Su Yang's techniques.

Lan Liqing stared at him with a narrowed gaze that flicked with lust. "Who do you think I am? You, who is not even half my age, dare to look down on me? Come at me, I am not even halfway done with you!" she said to him, her voice happy-sounding.

Su Yang smiled and suddenly moved his hips without warning.

"Ahhh! So sudden!" Lan Liqing let out a moan that was filled with surprise.

"Very well, then I shall play with you all day!" Su Yang laughed out loud as he continued to enjoy the heavenly feeling of Lan Liqing's divine hole.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35 I Want to Try Putting It in My Mouth...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mmmm~" Lan Liqing bit her bottom lip as Su Yang sucked on her twin peaks, his hips gracefully moving like a dancing crane.

It has been many minutes since they started their dual cultivation, yet neither of them seemed to have any thoughts of stopping.

"Lan Liqing, are you even cultivating properly? You seem to be enjoying yourself and have forgotten about the whole point of this." Su Yang reminded her that they were still cultivating.

"Eh? Ah... of course, I am cultivating properly!" She hastily replied in a stiff voice filled with emptiness; she had clearly forgotten to cultivate because of the pleasure.

"Then make sure you absorb all of this Yang Qi!" Su Yang said as he released another bulk of Yang Qi into her forbidden garden.

"Ahhh!" Lan Liqing could feel the insides of her flower engulfed by a surge of sudden heat, and her mind blanked out again.

After releasing his Yang Qi into Lan Liqing body, Su Yang gently laid her on the bed and unplugged his still stiff dragon from her pink hole, causing a large amount of holy fluid to gush out like a divine river.

"Let’s take a break to cultivate. Your Yin Essence was stronger than I had expected so I will need to cultivate for a bit before we continue." Su Yang said to her as he sat down in the lotus position with his eyes closed.

Lan Liqing laid on the bed that was soaking wet from her Yin Qi in exhaustion, her refined figure still twitching from the euphoric feeling that covered every inch of her bottom half.

After she rested, Lan Liqing struggled to sit behind Su Yang with their bare backs touching each other.

When she finally calmed down and was able to concentrate enough to cultivate properly, Lan Liqing was shocked to the core when she sensed the abundant amount of powerful Yang Qi that was built up in her body, not to mention the extreme purity of the Yang Qi; it was as though there was an ocean of Yang Qi in her body that could be considered Yang Essence because of its high quality!

"With this much high-quality Yang Qi, let alone the 4th level of the True Spirit Realm, even the 5th level of the True Spirit Realm is possible!" Lan Liqing turned her head to look at the back of Su Yang’s head, her gaze filled with wonder.

"Just who in the world are you, really?" she mumbled.

Lan Liqing then began to cultivate the Yang Qi in haste, afraid that the Yang Qi might lose quality if it remained untouched for too long.

Meanwhile, Su Yang’s cultivate base soared like a dragon piercing the heaven. Prior to obtaining Lan Liqing’s Yin Essence, when he consumed the Pure Yang Flower, his cultivate base had skyrocketed from the 6th level of the Elementary Spirit Realm directly to the 3rd level of the Profound Spirit Realm! He had soared five levels in a matter of moments after fully consuming the Pure Yang Flower, not to mention his physique that had directly entered the late stages of Profound Spirit Body Refiner!

However, such an explosive rise was just the beginning of a small spark that would later become fireworks!

When Su Yang first penetrated Lan Liqing, stealing her Yin Essence, his cultivation base also experienced enormous changes.

His cultivation base directly soared three more levels, reaching the 6th level of the Profound Spirit Realm. As for his physique, it had barely changed, since Yin Essence only affects one’s cultivation base and would not benefit body refiners.

Currently inside Su Yang’s body was like a volcano that had recently erupted. Everything about him changed, especially the quality of his Yang Qi. If compared, his Yang Qi would not be any less effective than cultivators at the Earth Spirit Realm, perhaps even stronger.

–

–

–

Many hours passed since Su Yang and Lan Liqing cultivated each other’s special Qi.

And because Lan Liqing had the higher cultivation base with fewer resources than Su Yang, she was the first to open her eyes.

She stood up, her body looking anew and filled with energy.

"He really wasn’t lying... Not only did my cultivate base advance, but the results were better than he’d said!" she wanted to embrace Su Yang at this moment, but knowing that he’s deeply into cultivating, she held herself back.

"Hm?" Lan Liqing suddenly noticed the divine pole that stood tall in-between his legs.

"He’s cultivating like that?! How can he concentrate when his thing is so looking so fierce and painful, even looking so peaceful as he cultivates?"

Lan Liqing was impressed by his ability to concentrate even under odd situations, and her lower body reacted when she saw how mighty and domineering his little brother looked as he cultivated.

And since Su Yang has yet to awaken from his cultivation, Lan Liqing had no other choice but to satisfy herself as she waited.

"Mmmm..." she softly moaned as her beautiful fingers caress her little pearl.

Time passed slowly, and a few hours later, Su Yang opened his eyes.

However, the first thing he saw was Lan Liqing laying on the bed with her legs spread in front of him and fiercely playing with herself.

"Aiya, are you trying to rub your little treasure off, my dear Liqing?"

When Lan Liqing heard Su Yang’s teasing voice that came out unexpectedly, her heart skipped a beat from surprise.

"S-Su Yang!" she quickly sat up with her face burning red from embarrassment.

"I apologize for taking so long that you had to satisfy yourself..." Su Yang stood up and approached her, his eternal wood still as vigorous as ever.

"As an apology, I will show you a few techniques..." he said with a smile.

Although speechless and still feeling embarrassed, Lan Liqing also smiled at him, even spreading her arms wide to welcome him into her embrace.

–

–

–

"Su-Su Yang! W-What is this position?!" Lan Liqing exclaimed with surprise when Su Yang suddenly laid his back on the bed and made her sit on his crotch area.

Su Yang smiled and said: "Something that will take you straight to heaven."

After saying his words, Su Yang pierced her hole with his sword.

"So deep!" Lan Liqing felt her mind going crazy as her cave was explored with even more intensity; it felt like she was riding a horse.

Afraid that she would lose balance, Su Yang held onto her hips as he repeatedly shoved his sword upwards, looking as though he was trying to pierce the heavens, his sword easily reaching the limit of her cave.

Lan Liqing felt that this position was more embarrassing than the previous, where she could feel Su Yang’s sharp gaze all over her body, especially her forbidden garden that was endlessly making vulgar noises.

"It’s a beautiful view from here, Liqing... It’s so mesmerizing that I cannot look away." Su Yang’s smiled, which only caused her to feel even more embarrassed.

Su Yang suddenly used his legs to raise his hips, causing her to lose balance. When she fell onto his chest, Su Yang felt her twin peaks softly pressing against his chest like two meat buns. He then embraced her, his hips moving increasingly faster and stronger.

"So strong... Aahhh... I will really go crazy... Aaahhh... at this rate..." Lan Liqing’s eyes were sparkling like a night sky filled with flickering stars, her gaze at Su Yang filled with passion and desire.

Su Yang kissed her and said: "I will make you show me your everything by tonight, Liqing!"

"Ahhh! It’s coming again!" Lan Liqing began twitching, and her little flower released another stream of sparkling love juice.

–

–

–

An entire day had passed since Su Yang and Lan Liqing secluded themselves inside the second floor of the Medicine Hall, where many disciples and elders came and went for medicine or help.

There had been plenty of elders who had requested for Lan Liqing’s presence during these hours, but they were all politely turned around by her disciples, who was given strict orders to not allow anyone to bother her while she treats Su Yang.

"Aiya... I wonder how Su Yang is doing right now..."

"Although I trust Master’s medicine skills, I still cannot help but feel anxious..."

"Ahhh... Su Yang, I will not forgive you if you die..."

Everybody there showed worry for Su Yang – everybody except one person.

"Junior apprentice-sister Xiao, what’s with the frown? I have not heard a word from you since this morning..."

"Hmph! All of you looking like young maidens in love is the reason I am frowning! Just what is so special about this Su Yang?! I don’t understand it!" Xiao, the only sister amongst them who refused Su Yang’s service, explained her frustration with the situation.

The girls there look at her with bitter expressions.

"You don’t understand because you left during that day..."

"You will never understand our feelings, junior apprentice-sister Xiao... our desire..."

"Oh, Xiao’er... it is still not too late. If you approach Su Yang with respect, then he might agree to let you into his room..."

"..." Xiao was speechless. She had a feeling that her sisters were no longer the sisters she once knew, and that only further deepened her worries.

"This Su Yang... I will see what he’s why he’s so special... if he manages to leave this place alive!" she thought to herself, staring intensely at the second-floor staircase.

–

–

–

Inside the room on the second floor, Lan Liqing had her head resting on Su Yang’s lap as he combed her beautiful hair with his hands.

"Su Yang, I want to try putting it in my mouth..." Lan Liqing suddenly said with a blushing face, her gaze staring lovingly at the standing dragon in-between his legs and her fingers gently caressing it as though she was examining a peerless treasure.

Su Yang chuckled. "Do you even know what to do?" he asked her.

Lan Liqing suddenly kissed the head of his dragon with passion and said: "No, but I will learn..."

She began licking his rod as though she was licking ice cream. "It’s sweet..."

After licking it for a few minutes, she opened her mouth and slowly began putting it in her mouth.

"It’s bigger and stronger than I thought..." she thought to herself when she realized that it had barely fit into her mouth. And after taking moment to familiarize herself with the feeling of having a man’s thing in her mouth, she started moving her head up and down.

Su Yang smiled gently as he watched Lan Liqing suck his little brother; it felt like he was watching an innocent girl eating candy for the first time. And although her techniques were horrible with barely any sucking force, the soft feeling of her tongue and the warmth of her mouth were heavenly.

He laid on the bed and said to her: "Lay on top of me and stick your butt towards my face; I’ll make you feel good, too."

Lan Liqing, who was immersed in savoring the taste of his Yang Qi, silently shifted her position.

Su Yang stared at the beautiful pink that hung above his face, and his hands grabbed Lan Liqing’s soft buttcheeks. He then pulled her cave towards his mouth.

"Mmmm!" Lan Liqing had to stop her mouth movements the moment Su Yang’s tongue invaded her cave. However, not willing to admit defeat, she started moving her head even more vigorously soon later.

Time began to pass slowly, and the two continued to relish the taste of each other’s treasure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36 Mission Hall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Another two days passed in the blink of an eye, yet neither Su Yang nor Lan Liqing came out of the room. This got the disciples downstairs worried. What if something went wrong with the treatment?

"Master said that it should take two days, yet it has already been three days since she locked herself in her room treating Su Yang."

"Aiya... if there was only something we can do to help them... but alas..."

The disciples had continuously talked about Su Yang without stop for the last three days, nearly causing Xiao to go crazy.

"Su Yang this! Su Yang that! I am sick of hearing his name!" Xiao stood up and stormed out of the building.

Her apprentice-sisters watched her leave with a bitter smile; they didn’t know what to do or what to say to her.

"I guess we have been a bit too obsessed with Su Yang lately..."

"But I can’t help it... just his presence here makes my heart throb twice as fast as normal."

"Ha..."

They all sighed simultaneously.

It was at this moment footsteps coming from the staircase resounded, causing everybody to unconsciously turn to look at that direction.

"What’s with all the sighing?"

Su Yang appeared from the staircase with a refreshing smile on his face.

"Su Yang! You are fine!"

The disciples felt great relief when they saw his face.

"Why wouldn’t I be fine?" Su Yang asked them with a slightly puzzled expression.

His puzzled face made the disciples feel as though there was something wrong.

"Eh? But you have been in a life-or-death condition for the past few days... right...?" They asked him with suspicious gazes.

Su Yang instantly realized what they were talking about once they mentioned his condition, and he laughed out loud: "Oh, that! Elder Lan did an excellent job treating me; it was so good that the entire treatment was more pleasurable than painful!"

"Is that so..."

Although they didn’t know what it was about Su Yang that has changed, they were able to sense that something about him was drastically different – almost as though he was a different being entirely.

"I must have caused you all some trouble by being here. I will definitely return this debt one day."

"No way! There’s no need for you to be so humble, Su Yang. We already see you as someone a part of our Medicine Hall – in other words, our family!"

Su Yang smiled and said: "Then how about this? When you come to me for your next treatment, it’ll be free of cost? I will even allow you to request for any type of treatment you want."

When the girls heard his suggestion, their eyes widened with happiness.

"Really?! Then I won’t be humble the next time I see you!"

"Un. Then, until next time." He nodded.

And before he walked out the door, he said to them: "Right, Elder Lan overexerted herself from treating me and had asked me to tell you all to not bother her for a few more days."

–

–

–

After leaving the Medicine Hall with a refreshing feeling, Su Yang went directly to the Mission Hall.

"My cultivation has gone up an entire realm after only three days of cultivating. It will surely attract unwanted attention and bring countless trouble if the sect learns of it. I should accept a few missions just so I can have a few excuses when they question me."

Su Yang knew that he wouldn’t be able to hide his real cultivation base and heaven-defying growth from the sect forever and that it will be revealed sooner or later. In order to make sure that they wouldn’t ask too many questions when the time comes, he has decided to make a few preparations.

The Mission Hall was a building where disciples and elders alike go to request for missions given to the sect by the outside world. These missions are very important to the sect as they improve the sect’s reputation within the cultivation world and gain more trust from those who gave them the missions in the first place.

Inside the Mission Hall, there were many Outer Court disciples walking around while looking at the hundreds of scrolls that were pinned onto the wall.

The missions were all organized into different sections depending on the contents on the mission. For example, missions that required hunting would be in the hunting section and missions that required disciples to do trivial matters such as cleaning would be in the miscellaneous section.

Su Yang casually walked up to a random mission at the hunting section and tore it off the wall without even looking at it.

He then walked to the front desk to get his mission recorded by a sect elder.

"Hm? Hunting Lightning Cats by the Thunder Valley?" When the elder in charge of recording missions saw the mission Su Yang accepted, he looked at him with a surprised expression.

"You want to accept this? Lightning Cats are usually around the 8th level and the 9th level of the Elementary Spirit Realm, and their lightning-quick speed makes it hard for even Inner Courts disciples to deal with. Not to mention the dangerous environment at the Lightning Valley... Are you sure you want to accept this? What is your cultivation base at?"

"Profound Spirit Realm 1st level," said Su Yang who was lying with a nonchalant face.

"You are in the Profound Spirit Realm? But you are still an Outer Court disciple?" The elder looked at him with even more surprise.

"I plan on taking the exam for the Inner Court once I solidify my foundation from this mission. I have only recently had a breakthrough, so my cultivation base is currently still unstable."

Su Yang’s clear voice and smooth talking did not arouse any suspicion within the elder, almost as though he was used to talking fart.

The elder silently looked at him for another moment before nodding: "Very well. I wish you the best of luck. Do not push yourself if you are in danger, we cannot afford to lose a future Inner Court disciple such as yourself!"

"Your name?" The elder then asked him.

"Su Yang."

"Su Yang?" The elder had a feeling that he has heard of the name before, but he wasn’t able to remember where or when he had heard it from. "There, you are good to go." He said after writing Su Yang in the log book.

"Thank you." Su Yang bowed to him before casually walking out of the Mission Hall.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37 Sword and Gold
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Su Yang left the Mission Hall, he went back home to clean off the sweat he received during his cultivation with Lan Liqing and changed out the robes he received from the Medicine Hall.

Afterward, he went to the White Pearl Treasury to prepare himself for the trip to the Thunder Valley, which was at a few hundred miles away from the Profound Blossom Sect.

"It’s you again?" The old man there was surprised to see Su Yang appear there. He thought that Su Yang would have consumed the Pure Yang Flower by now, yet he seems perfectly fine — no, he looked a bit different, as though there was something profound about him.

"What happened to the Pure Yang Flower? Did you change your mind at the last minute? I don’t accept returns here in the White Pearl Treasury, you know?" said the old man just in case Su Yang wanted to ask for a refund.

"I am here for a sword and some gold," said Su Yang calmly, purposefully ignoring the old man’s questions.

"Sword and gold? Why do you need something like that?"

"I accepted a mission that requires me to hunt some beasts. The travel will be long, and I need at least a weapon to defend myself when the time comes."

Su Yang’s plan had the old man confused. Why would he obtain a Pure Yang Flower and then go out hunting a few days later? Nothing made sense in the old man’s head.

"What are you hunting?" The old man inquired with a casual expression.

"Senior, with all due respect, I am in a hurry. I don’t recall the White Pearl Treasury ever being this caring about a mere Outer Court disciple such as myself." Su Yang said, his voice still as nonchalant as ever.

"You–!" The old man was obviously angry at Su Yang’s rude remarks, but he didn’t say anything and only frowned.

After a moment, he said in a reserved tone: "You are right... I have been unreasonable. There is no need for me to involve myself with your business. What kind of sword do you want? Normal ones will cost around 5 Premium Points. What about gold? It will be 10 Premium Points for one gold."

"Just a normal steel sword will do. As for gold... I want 10 gold."

Su Yang handed him what little Premium Points he had remaining after buying the Pure Yang Flower, and he is now broke again.

"I will be right back," said the old man after he confirmed that it was the right amount.

A few moments later, the old man returned with a sword in a black leather scabbard and a small brown bag.

Su Yang accepted the items and left soon afterward.

–

–

–

After Su Yang disappeared for a few minutes, the old man called for a replacement and disappeared to the Mission Hall.

"Elder Zhao!"

When the elders in the Mission Hall noticed the old man’s presence, they all stood and bowed with respect.

"Did an Outer Court disciple named Su Yang come here today for a mission?" Elder Zhao asked then with a serious expression.

"Su Yang? He accepted a hunting mission for the Thunder Valley just a few minutes ago," said the one who recorded Su Yang into the logbooks.

"Hunting at the Thunder Valley? The place where Lightning Cats have been running rampage lately? Why would someone at the 3rd level of Elementary Spirit Realm accept that kind of impossible mission?" Elder Zhao pondered.

"Let me see that logbook." He said to the elder in charge.

"Here you go, Elder Zhao."

"Hmm... let me see — 1st level Profound Spirit Realm?!?!" Elder Zhao couldn’t help but exclaim loudly after seeing the logbook, sounding as though he just saw a ghost, his loud voice startling everybody inside the Mission Hall.

"Is something there wrong with the logbook, Elder Zhao?" asked the elder with a worried face.

However, Elder Zhao only continued to stare at the logbook as though he was in a daze. "How could he possibly be at the 1st Profound Spirit Realm when he was just at the 3rd level Elementary Spirit Realm two weeks ago?!?!"

Elder Zhao suddenly realized why he sensed a weird feeling coming from Su Yang when he saw him. Although it was barely recognizable, it was a profound aura only someone at the Profound Spirit Realm could emit, something that didn’t exist in him before he had gotten the Pure Yang Flower!

"That brat actually managed to successfully consume the Pure Yang Flower, something even I wouldn’t dare try! His cultivation base even soared because of it!"

When Elder Zhao found out the truth, he was shocked to the core. How could a mere Outer Court disciple at the Elementary Spirit Realm consume a Pure Yang Flower when even he, an Earth Spirit Realm expert, would have difficulties consuming it?

"I have been played! That bastard Su Yang is such a crafty little brat! Who was it that said he was an incompetent fool?! That guy’s a monster! I have to report this to the sect masters as soon as possible!"

Elder Zhao stared at the elder in the charge of the logbook and said: "Unless I tell you, do not show the logbook to anyone else! This is a direct order!"

"Yes, Elder Zhao!"

After that, Elder Zhao left the Mission Hall in a hurry, leaving everybody there puzzled.

"To get the great Elder Zhao so riled up... Just who is this Su Yang?" The sect elders there silently wondered to themselves.

–

–

–

"I wonder if that old man managed to figure it out by now?" Su Yang wondered to himself as he approached the front gate that will lead him to the outside world.

When he was in the White Pearl Treasury, he was aware that Elder Zhao had been probing him the entire time, almost as though he was investigating him.

"It’s just a Pure Yang Flower, yet they are treating it as though it is some kind of divine medicine... Aiya... what a pain in the ass..." Su Yang sighed to himself.

"Halt! Where do you think you are going, Outer Court disciple?"

The guards standing by the entrance gate stopped Su Yang when they noticed him approaching.

"I have business at the Thunder Valley." Su Yang showed them the mission he received from the Mission Hall.

The guards examined the stamp on the mission paper and confirmed the authenticity of the stamp.

"Very well. Be safe out there."

They opened the gate, and Su Yang casually walked out, soon disappearing from the sights of the guards.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38 Swift Feather City
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving the sect, Su Yang began making his way to the nearest city. In his memories, there was a place called the Swift Feather City; it was only two days away from the Profound Blossom Sect in walking distance, but since Su Yang used his cultivation base, it had taken him only a few hours to arrive at the Swift Feather City.

Once he arrived at the city, Su Yang approached the guards that stood by the entrance of the city.

When the guards noticed Su Yang approaching them, they gave each other a weird gaze, almost as though they were surprised to see him there.

Su Yang noticed the weird gazes he was getting from the guards, and he asked them: "Is there a problem?"

"Eh? Ah, no... It’s just that very rarely do we see disciples from Profound Blossom Sect despite our close distance." The guard explained to him.

"What brings you here to the Swift Feather City today?" asked another guard.

"Just making a quick stop before I continue on my journey."

"Is that so? Well, since you are a disciple of the famed Profound Blossom Sect, we will not charge you any fees for the entrance. Normally, you’d have to pay 10 copper coins, alright?"

"Un." Su Yang gave his thanks before quickly making his into the city.

When Su Yang left, the guards sighed, sounding depressed.

"Aiii... the Profound Blossom Sect... how envious. With his superior looks, he probably gets to play with beauties all day. If only I was a disciple..."

"Forget about it. With your ugly looks, you probably wouldn’t get accepted even as a pet for the servants, let alone as a servant!"

"What did you say?! You speak as though you have a chance to get in with your dog face! Look in the mirror before you talk!"

The guards then began arguing with each other.

–

–

–

Su Yang casually strolled around the city. The place was clean and lively with many people entering and leaving the stores that made up the streets.

Everybody there seemed to be minding their own business, but when their eyes suddenly discovered Su Yang’s presence, they all stared at him with dazed expressions.

It was as though the moment they saw Su Yang’s handsome face, they couldn’t look away. Undoubtedly, Su Yang’s appearance was very eye-catching, like a sparkling gem surrounded by dirty rocks. Even within the Profound Blossom Sect where everybody was beautiful and handsome, his appearance was considered a rarity.

And naturally, such a handsome young man with an extraordinary background would easily attract the people’s attention no matter where he went, especially in a place filled with mortals that are not used to someone like Su Yang, who has such an overwhelming presence.

Su Yang was used to these types of stares since it was also the same in his previous life. No matter where he went, there would be such gazes directed at him.

Suddenly, a young beauty who looked to be 18 years old walked up to him with two rosy circles on her cheeks.

"Umm... are you a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect?" she asked him in a timid voice.

Su Yang smiled and nodded. "Is there something you need from me?" he asked despite already knowing her motives.

Seeing his handsome smile, the red on her cheeks deepened.

"Do you have any spare time right now? There is something I wish to speak to you about... preferably in private..." she said in a timid voice, her gaze flickering with passion.

When the bystanders heard her request, their jaws nearly dropped to the floor from bewilderment, thinking how sly and shameless this young lady was being in public. Although she wasn’t specific in her request, even an idiot could tell what her real motive was.

If it was anyone else, they would, without a single doubt in their right mind, fall for her tactics and follow this young lady. But alas, Su Yang was someone with experience as vast as the galaxy in this type of situation.

Even in his previous life, it was extremely normal for mortals like this young lady to approach cultivators with their body as an offering in exchange for their help, as it was an easy way to gain valuables and connections. Hell, the more fortunate ones may even become cultivators themselves.

"I’m sorry, but I am in a hurry to be somewhere. If you don’t mind, why don’t you tell me what you have to say here?" said Su Yang, who showed barely any changes in his emotions.

The young lady looked at him with an astonished expression on her face. He was someone who belonged to a sect that does vulgar acts every day as though it was normal, yet he refused her so easily? Why didn’t he just nod and follow her with a smile on his face just like she’d imagined?

"Nothing? Then I will excuse myself..."

The young lady stood there like a stone statue as Su Yang gracefully walked away while leaving a trail of flowery fragrance behind in the streets.

When Su Yang completely disappeared from the scene, the bystanders sighed loudly.

"Just a glance at him and you can tell that he’s someone with high standards."

"He’s from a place where peerless beauties are as common as flies. How could you possibly compete with the disciples at the Profound Blossom Sect, young one?"

When the young lady heard the people’s words that were clearly meant to disdain her, her face turned red in embarrassment. No longer wishing to be there, she turned and ran away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39 A Lively Restauran
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After walking for some time, Su Yang decided to take a break. He randomly chose a restaurant and walked in, his presence instantly attracting the gazes of everybody inside the building before even stepping inside.

"Y-Young Master, I am the owner of this store, how many will be visiting today?"

Su Yang was greeted by the store owner instead of the usual servants.

"I am alone," he replied as he stepped inside the place.

"I apologize in advance if the place is too crude for someone like the Young Master–"

"Spare me the sweet talk and just give me a table – any table will do." Su Yang interrupted him with a casual glance, causing the store owner to quickly shut his mouth, his palms turning sweaty from nervousness.

"Young Master can sit wherever he wants..." said the store owner a moment later.

Su Yang nodded and picked an empty table by the corner. He sat down and looked through the menu that was covered in dried up sauces and dirty fingerprints, it was almost as though the store couldn’t bother to change it out.

When the store owner noticed Su Yang looking very intensively at the dirty menu, his heart nearly jumped out of his throat from fright.

"Y-Young Master... I apologize about the dirty menu... our business is... well... rough..." said the store owner, feeling overwhelmed.

However, Su Yang remained silent. The dirty menu and the rough-looking place did not bother him one bit. Instead, it actually made him feel comfortable.

"I want one pot of your homemade tea and a plate of everything you have on the menu."

The store owner looked at Su Yang with wide eyes filled with astonishment when he heard his order, almost as though he couldn’t believe his ears. He actually wanted everything on the menu? There were at least 20 different dishes!

"R-Right away!"

The store owner didn’t dare linger around and ran to the kitchen to begin commanding the cooks like a general. Very rarely would his restaurant receive cultivators as customers, let alone a disciple from the respectable Profound Blossom Sect. He couldn’t afford to disappoint someone with such a profound presence no matter what, as he was afraid of the consequences.

Meanwhile, Su Yang took his time to organize his mind.

"How long has it been since I last sat in one of these out-of-shape wooden chairs? When was the last time I stepped foot inside such a rundown restaurant?" Su Yang recalled the memories when he was still a mere mortal in his previous life – more precisely, his youth.

When he was still a mortal, he would often times come to these kinds of restaurants with his family. However, ever since he left his family to become a cultivator, the number of times he would visit these sort of places decreased drastically, even stopping permanently once he became an Immortal.

–

–

–

As Su Yang silently sat there and reminisced his past life, the people in the restaurant whispered to each other while constantly taking peeks at him.

"What a handsome young man! If I could, I would, without a doubt, ravage him on my bed!"

"Are all the men in the Profound Blossom Sect this handsome? If only I was a disciple there..."

The ladies there giggled as they whispered their fantasies to each other whilst the men grumbled in jealousy.

"Fuck! Just because he was born a little bit more handsome than the rest..."

"Aiyaya... why are the heavens so cruel? Isn’t it already enough that I am not born handsome? Why did you have to allow me to see someone like him? Are you trying to shatter my confidence as a man?"

Su Yang smiled slightly after listening to the people around him talk. Although they were all whispering, it was so clear in Su Yang’s ears that it sounded as though they were speaking directly into his ears.

Soon, the store owner returned with many servants following behind, each carrying dishes with them. And because the table was too small to fit all the dishes, the store owner combined a few empty tables together to make it one large table.

"How much for all of this?" Su Yang asked the store owner.

"Young Master does not have to worry about the price and can–"

Su Yang sighed midway through his sentence and retrieved a gold coin from his robes and handed it to the dumbfounded store owner.

"Keep the change, but do me a favor and replace these dirty menus for new ones as soon as possible. Also, I’d like to treat all of the ladies here to a meal. Give them whatever they want; it’ll be on me."

Su Yang’s words bewildered not only the store owner but everybody else in the restaurant. How rich was he to give out a gold coin so easily? Even if Su Yang were to order everything on the menu five more times he still wouldn’t need half a gold coin! Hell, even the restaurant itself only earns a few gold coins each year!

When the females in the room heard that Su Yang was treating them to anything they want, they had an urge to jump out of their seats to give him a big kiss.

Su Yang then said out loud: "While we are at it, why don’t you all sit with me so we can have a little chat? There is plenty of room and I am trying to learn more about this place since this is my first time out of the sect."

The instant Su Yang requested for their presence at his table, nearly every female in that place stood up and scrambled for the best seats, which were the two seats that were directly beside Su Yang.

"Calm down, I won’t be going anywhere anytime soon..." Su Yang smiled at their actions, causing them to blush in embarrassment.

Thus, the somewhat dead restaurant suddenly turned into a lively place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40 The Four Great Families
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Six women sat around Su Yang with bright expressions. All of them were as old as Lan Liqing if not older, but because none of them were cultivators, they actually looked their age, unlike Lan Liqing who still looked to be a young lady despite her old age.

"Little brother, how old are you?" One of them asked Su Yang in a charming tone.

"I am 16," he replied in a casual manner.

"So young! I would’ve never guessed just by the way you handle yourself. You have such a mature demeanor that I thought you’d be much older."

"Are you disappointed?" Su Yang asked with a smile.

"Hehe... of course not. Even if you are only 16 years old, you are still considered an adult."

"What is your name?"

"Xiao Yang," said Su Yang, thinking to himself that it would be for the best if he didn’t reveal his true identity outside the sect until he was certain about a few things.

"Where are you from, Xiao Yang?"

"I was born inside the Profound Blossom Sect."

"Whoa... you were given birth to inside a sect?"

Su Yang slightly smiled at her astonishment.

"Enough about me, I’d like to know more about the outside world, as this is my first time outside."

"What would you like to know?"

"Tell me about this Eastern Continent," said Su Yang.

"Well, it’s a very large continent for one... I heard that it’s impossible to travel from one end to another if you are not a cultivator."

"The Eastern Continent is divided into four separate regions, each ruled by one great family."

Su Yang looked at the woman who mentioned the great families with interest. "Tell me more about the four regions and its great families," he said as he sipped on tea.

"The four great families are giants in both the cultivation and the mortal world. Each of them controls an equal amount of land, and they are known to produce geniuses with abnormal talents for cultivation. Other than their fame and military prowess, there is not much else known about them, especially not in a place like this."

"Do you know the names of these four great families?"

"If I recall correctly... the Fang Family rules the Western Region, the Long Family in the Eastern, the Xiang Family in the Southern Region, and lastly... what was it again?"

"The Su Family," said another woman, "They dominate the Northern Region."

"By the way, we are currently within the Western Region, governed by the Fang Family."

"The Su Family...?" Su Yang lifted an eyebrow once he heard the surname of that family. What a coincidence that they have the same surname as him.

"Yes. And although all four great families supposedly have the same amount of military power, rumors have it that the Su Family may actually be the strongest among the four."

"Is that so..." Su Yang mumbled with a pondering expression. Although he lied about being born in the sect, he actually didn’t have a single clue as to where he was originally from.

All of the memories he had received from the previous Su Yang were for the one year after he joined the sect – the rest were seemingly blocked by a wall, almost as though it was forcefully suppressed.

"What’s wrong, little brother? You seem interested in this Su Family more than the rest."

"I have heard a few disciples mention their name before..." said Su Yang.

"Do you know where they are located?" he continued.

"All four great families are stationed in the capital of each region."

"Don’t tell me little brother is planning on visiting them?" someone said in a joking tone.

"Perhaps..." Su Yang put down his tea and said with a smile, dumbfounding the people around the table.

"Right, what about the other continents?" he suddenly asked them.

When Su Yang mentioned the other continents, they looked at each other with a perplexed expression.

"Well... other than the fact that every continent is separated by a vast sea called the Jade Sea, we really don’t know anything about them."

"The Jade Sea?" Su Yang instantly frowned. He has traveled the four worlds in his previous life, yet he was unfamiliar with this name. Perhaps he was no longer under the same heaven as his previous life.

When the people around the table saw the pained expression on Su Yang’s face, they knew that something was wrong. They felt like comforting him, but they didn’t know why he suddenly turned sorrowful after hearing about the Jade Sea.

The thought of not being able to see his beloved again greatly pained Su Yang, however, he wasn’t willing to give up so easily – not until he has definite proof that they no longer exist in this world.

"..."

When Su Yang noticed the awkward silence, he put on a smile and said: "I was lost in my thoughts, I apologize."

"There is no need for you to apologize, we understand."

"Whatever caused you to show such sorrow, I hope it goes away..."

They said to him in gentle voices, sounding like mothers comforting their child after they experienced something painful.

Su Yang nodded, and they continued to eat while laughing and joking, almost as though the awkward moment had never happened.

A few hours quickly passed since Su Yang shared his table and food with the ladies, and he finally said his goodbyes after cleaning all the food off the table.

"It has been forever since I’ve had such fun sharing tables with strangers." Su Yang left the restaurant with a refreshing feeling in his heart.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41 You Heard Me
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving the restaurant, Su Yang walked a straight path through the streets until he reached the other end of the city, where the exit gate was stationed.

When he reached the gate, Su Yang noticed a large group of people and a few carriages waiting right outside the gate. They were all equipped with weapons and armors, looking as though they were about to enter a battle. There were even a few people in robes that looked to be disciples of some sect mixed in with the crowd.

By the time Su Yang passed the guards and stepped out of the city, the majority of the crowd was already looking at him with many different kinds of gazes. Some gazes were filled with envy and others looked at him with disdain. But of course, there were also a few females there that looked at him with adoring lights in their eyes.

Under the gazes of over fifty people, Su Yang calmly walked the road, his expression as tranquil as a still lake. He didn’t care what they were doing, nor was he interested. However, his ears couldn’t help but pick up the whispers of the crowd.

"Isn’t that a disciple from the Profound Blossom Sect?"

"The only shameless sect that chooses its disciple by their looks first and talent second?"

"Yeah, that sect."

"All they do is screw each other day and night without proper training, hence why they usually have a high cultivation base but zero experience in combat."

"They only cultivate for their looks, so they wouldn’t care even if they only have high cultivation bases and nothing else..."

Su Yang acted as though he didn’t hear anything when the disciples from another sect within the crowd spoke badly about his sect, but he was laughing deep inside. While their words were harsh, there was actually some truth behind it.

The Profound Blossom Sect was known for their beautiful people, vulgar practices, and high cultivation base. However, the majority of its disciple had little to no experience when it came to techniques for combat – at least that was true within the Outer Court.

From what Su Yang received from his memories and what he personally witnessed in the Outer Court, the Outer Court disciples are usually so focused on increasing their own cultivation base that they barely bother to train in real techniques used for combat. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that most Outer Court disciples would rather spend their time in bed with their partner than to actually pick up a sword and train until they sweat.

Suddenly, somebody from the front shouted out loud, causing everybody to look at him – it was a bulky man with a bald head.

"Alright! Everybody, we are ready to travel to the Thunder Valley! If you are not ready by now, then you should just go back home!"

Some of the crowd laughed at the bulky man’s words.

"If you have any questions, now is the time to ask!"

"How long will the journey to the Thunder Valley take?" asked a skinny man with a bow in his hands.

"Five days, give or take."

"Do you have any idea how many Lightning Cats will be there for us to slay?"

"We are unsure of the exact number, but they are in the hundreds at least," said the bulky man, and he continued: "Listen here! There will be a lot of Lightning Cats running around and it will be a difficult subjugation! However, this just means that there will be more wealth for all of us to share afterward!"

A thundering battle cry suddenly resounded, causing Su Yang’s hairs to tremble.

"What a lousy crowd..." Su Yang thought to himself, and he looked at the paper in his hands. "This mission seems to be bigger than expected..."

–

–

–

It has been some time since Su Yang left the Swift Feather City. He calmly walked down the middle of the wide path with his hands behind his back, looking as though he was taking a stroll in a park. He was looking left and right, seemingly interested in mother nature. Behind him was a large group of fifty people, all of them watching Su Yang in the lead with weird expressions.

"Why does it look like we’re all being led by that dog?" Someone from the crowd purposely said out loud.

"Now that you mention it... why are we walking at his pace?"

"We can’t go any faster because we are already cramped as it is!"

"This is unacceptable! We won’t make it there by next week at this rate! Hey, brat in the white robes! Get out of the way before we run you over!" The bulky man shouted in his obnoxiously loud voice.

Hearing the loud commotion coming from the back, Su Yang turned his head around and glanced at the crowd. However, he didn’t stop walking and returned to looking at the front after a single glance.

His simple yet arrogant action instantly angered many in the crowd.

"You fucking brat! Are you picking a fight with all of us by yourself?!"

"Simply courting death!"

Su Yang didn’t bother turning around for the second time and continued to walk at a casual pace. Everybody within the crowd was at least at the 7th level of the Elementary Spirit Realm with a few of them at the early Profound Spirit Realm.

Such a large group radiated an overwhelming pressure that would easily scare anyone weak-hearted, yet in Su Yang’s eyes, they were only a bunch of fools with loud mouths.

"Hmph! Let’s see if you dare ignore me after I start swinging my axe at you!" The bulky man stepped forward and approached Su Yang with a wide steel axe in his grasp.

It was at this moment Su Yang suddenly stopped walking and turned around to face the crowd.

"I won’t tell you to not swing that toy at me, but just know that you will not step foot inside the Thunder Valley once you do... ever." Su Yang said in a low and calm voice, his face still as tranquil as ever. However, his low-sounding voice was as loud as a fly buzzing directly in the ears of the bulky man.

"What did you just say to me, you fucking brat?!" The bulky man’s forehead began popping with veins the moment he heard Su Yang’s threat, his face red from anger.

Su Yang smiled and said: "You heard me." He then turned around and began walking again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42 Golden Carriage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Su Yang turned around and walked, the bulky man exploded in anger, his eyes red.

The bulky man was a cultivator at the 3rd level of the Profound Spirit Realm, and he has never been so deeply disrespected by anyone, let alone a disciple from the shameless Profound Blossom Sect.

"You fucking brat! Who do you think you are?!" The bulky man suddenly pounced at Su Yang from a distance like a tiger with his steel axe raised high into the air.

The steel axe quickly dropped towards Su Yang’s head. However, just inches before the axe could touch even a strand of hair on his head, Su Yang made a swift turn and unsheathed the sword by his side.

A flicker of light flashed, followed by a tyrannical pressure that was filled with killing intent.

Once the crowd behind the bulky man felt the killing intent, their legs stopped working and their bodies trembled as though it was freezing cold. Although the pressure only lasted for a brief second before it disappeared, it was enough to halt the movements of everybody there, even the horses pulling the carriages.

Instantly after the killing intent passed, the bulky man’s frozen body in the air began moving again – it began falling backward like a stone statue.

The body fell slowly and felt like it took forever in the witnesses’ eyes, but when it finally touched the ground, everybody there was shocked to find the head missing from the bulky man’s body.

A few people from the crowd suddenly looked up into the sky after they saw a shadow spinning in the air. When they noticed that it was actually the bulky man’s head that was spinning in the air they screamed in horror, not to mention the flying head still had the angry expression of the bulky man before his death!

Su Yang retrieved his sword at the same moment the flying head touched the ground. He then looked at the bewildered crowd calmly with a bright smile and said: "Since we are all going to the same place with the same objective, why don’t we stop this foolishness before I start littering this road with corpses? Though I wouldn’t mind warming up before I start hunting at the Thunder Valley..."

The crowd slowly nodded to his suggestion while swallowing hard. They have never met someone as menacing as this young man from the Profound Blossom Sect before; it felt to them as though they were standing in front of the devil himself.

"Good." Su Yang also nodded. "Then let’s make this journey worthwhile..." He turned around and began walking again.

Su Yang’s figure quickly disappeared from the crowd’s view. When they confirmed that Su Yang was truly gone, the group of people fell to their butts, their body covered in sweat.

"W-Who the hell was that?! I have never heard of such a frightening existence belonging to the Profound Blossom Sect!"

"Who was it that said he was just an Outer Court disciple?! He’s clearly powerful enough to become an Inner Court disciple even in my sect... no, even becoming a core disciple is possible!"

The group soon continued their journey despite their leader’s sudden death. It was not as though they can just go home after coming all the way out here, not to mention the wealth they could obtain from slaying Lightning Cats.

This is a world where the strong eats the weak. It isn’t uncommon for a powerful individual like the bulky man to die from defeat, as there would always be someone stronger.

–

–

–

Four days quickly passed.

Su Yang has been walking for four days without rest, yet he seemed perfectly fine, almost as if he was full of energy.

"Hm?" He suddenly noticed an expensive-looking carriage in the distance. It was surrounded by many armored men on horses.

The carriage was entirely made out of gold and expensive jade, giving it an exquisite aura, as though it belonged to royalty. Above the carriage was an old man in a grey robe, who was sitting there cross-legged, seemingly in cultivation.

Although Su Yang was unable to detect the old man’s cultivation base, he was able to guess it just from his experience alone.

"Heavenly Spirit Realm... what could someone at his level be doing here, sitting on top of a carrier like some kind of guard?" He wondered.

What about the person sitting inside the carriage? Who could possibly have enough status to keep a Heavenly Spirit Realm expert as a guard in this mortal world when they are considered masters at the apex?

Su Yang was intrigued by the golden carriage and its heavy guard, but he wasn’t someone who’d stick his nose into places it doesn’t belong, so he only ignored it and silently walked behind it.

After some time, the guards finally noticed Su Yang following them.

"Senior, should we do something about that kid? He’s been following us for quite some time now," said one of the armored guards.

The old man slowly opened his eyes, and he turned his gaze to look at Su Yang. However, when he tried to probe him, the old man was surprised to find out that he was unable to see his real cultivation, feeling like he was looking at a cloud of human-figured smoke. However, despite Su Yang’s mysterious presence, the old man did not feel any threat or malicious feeling towards him.

"Ignore him..." he said a moment later.

The guards nodded and no longer thought about approaching Su Yang. However, they were still paying attention to him just in case he starts acting suspiciously.

"What an interesting young man..." The old man smiled to himself before closing his eyes again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43 Shadowy Figure
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After walking for a few more hours without any hurdles, the golden carriage suddenly came to a stop. The guard narrowed their gazes at the shadowy figure in the front, and the old man slowly stood up.

Seeing this sudden development, Su Yang also halted his steps. The shadowy figure was clad in full black robes with only his two black eyeballs exposed, looking like an assassin. However, a real assassin wouldn’t reveal himself this openly and obviously.

"Is this some kind of joke?" The old man opened his mouth to ask the shadowy figure. "The Moonlight Blades had sent you, a single Earth Spirit Realm expert here, despite being aware of my presence?"

The shadowy figure chuckled and said in a hoarse-sounding voice: "I am only here to pass on a message to the young lady inside that carriage on the behalf of my king."

"If you do not obediently hand over the Hundred Poisons Body by the time the next full moon is present, then we will have no choice but to take it by force," said the shadowy figure.

When the soldiers on the horses heard the message, their eyes radiated with anger.

"How imprudent! Have you forgotten who we are?! Even if the Moonlight Blades were to attack us with full force, you wouldn’t even get past the front gate!" One of the guards shouted loudly.

"How dare you threaten the young lady! It will only be a matter of time before we find your hideout and wipe you out!" said another guard.

"Hahaha!" The shadowy figure burst out laughing. "Of course, if we were to fight you head-on, our Moonlight Blades would stand no chance. However, who do you think we are? You should know better than anyone else that we will never fight fists with fists!"

Su Yang silently listened to the conversation being held by the two parties, both of them with a seemingly profound background. Although he has never heard of the Moonlight Blades before, they seemed to be some sort of faction that lives in the shadow.

"The Hundred Poisons Body, huh..." Su Yang pondered the name.

"Is that all you have to say?" said the old man, who has been silent this whole time. "If that’s all, then you may die now..."

The old man suddenly retrieved a paper fan from inside his robe and gently waved it at the direction of the shadowy figure.

A powerful ripple appeared from the paper fan the moment the old man waved it, causing it to fly towards the shadowy figure. However, before the ripple could touch him, the shadowy figure disappeared from where he stood like a ghost, and where he just stood exploded an instant later.

The old man suddenly turned to look at Su Yang and shouted: "Watch out!"

"Knowing that I would die today, I had planned to take a few of your guards with me before I die. However, this kid’s face is very annoying to look at, so be gracious that I will take his life instead!"

The shadowy figure suddenly appeared behind Su Yang with a black dagger in his grasp raised and ready to strike.

However, unfortunately for the shadowy figure, Su Yang’s grasp was already on the sword handle by his side before the shadowy figure even disappeared.

A profound and fierce light flashed within Su Yang’s eyes, and an overwhelming amount of sword intent exploded from within his body, causing the shadowy figure to freeze for an instant from the sudden pressure.

The instant the shadowy figure was frozen from shock, Su Yang swiftly turned around and unsheathed his sword, sending a powerful wave of sword intent towards the shadowy figure.

The shadowy figure couldn’t even scream in pain before the sword intent effortlessly sliced his body in half like a sword cutting a piece of paper.

After cutting the shadowy figure in half, Su Yang coldly snorted at the corpse on the floor: "Did you think that I wouldn’t notice your obnoxious gaze staring at me? This is not the first time something like this has happened before."

"..."

The guards and the old man watched Su Yang return his sword into its scabbard with shocked expressions. What just happened? At one moment the shadowy figure disappeared from their views and an instant later he became a corpse with his body cleanly sliced in half, laying beside that young man who has been suspiciously following them?

"Sword intent!" When the guards finally returned from their astonishment, they realized that it was sword intent that the young man had used to kill the shadowy figure.

"What terrifying sword intent!" Even the Heavenly Spirit Realm old man was shocked by the destructive power and pressure shown by the sword intent! It was something even a Heavenly Spirit Realm expert like him would not be able to replicate!

The old man jumped off the carriage and approached Su Yang. "Young man, what is your name?" he asked.

"Xiao Yang."

"If you don’t mind me asking, how old are you?"

Su Yang did not instantly answer and instead silently looked at the old man, seemingly in deep thoughts.

When the old man saw his calm expression, he smiled and said: "I was immensely impressed by your sword intent, but your appearance makes it difficult for me to see you as a mere junior."

"What does my age matter? The only thing that matters in a fight is one’s strength and wisdom. Anything else is irrelevant."

Su Yang’s words left the old man speechless.

"Senior Zhong... is everything fine out there?" A sweet feminine voice resounded from inside the golden carriage, causing the old man to turn around.

"Young lady, the threat is no longer here," said the old man named Senior Zhong.

"Then let’s continue our journey. We don’t have much time to spare here..."

Senior Zhong looked at Su Yang with a bitter smile. "Although I wish to talk more to you about your sword intent, we are in a hurry. I am Senior Zhong from the Divine Sword Temple. If you ever happen to have the chance to visit, you can show anyone there this and they will bring you to me."

Senior Zhong handed Su Yang a yellow jade slip.

"If I get the chance..." Su Yang casually accepted the jade slip.

When Su Yang showed no reactions after he mentioned the Divine Sword Temple, Senior Zhong was slightly surprised. Was it ignorance, or was the name ’Divine Sword Temple’ not enough to even lift his brows?

Senior Zhong became more interested in Su Yang’s background, but alas, he did not have the time to stay around to learn more about him.

After their short interaction, Senior Zhong went into the carriage before they began moving again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44 Heavenly Constitution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the carriage, Senior Zhong sat in front of a female figure, her face covered by a veil.

"The Moonlight Blades are really relentless..." sighed the veiled figure.

The sigh was so heartfelt that Senior Zhong could feel the exhaustion in her heart.

"The Young Lady does not have to worry. We will find their hideout soon and wipe them from this earth," said Senior Zhong.

His voice was clear and filled with confidence, yet his eyes were dim. The Moonlight Blades could be considered the most secretive and deadly underground organization to have ever existed in this world, they are so well-hidden that even after 100 years of active operations, nobody has been able to unveil their main hideout, only minor branches.

"I’m sure you will..." said the young lady in a tender voice, and she continued: "Thank you, Senior Zhong."

"I did not do anything to be deserving of your praises..." he shook his head, refusing her gratitude.

"But you protected me just now."

Senior Zhong chuckled slightly and said: "I would naturally protect the young lady, however, I really did not do anything just now. The one who dealt with the assassin was a young man."

"A young man?"

The young lady sounded intrigued, and Senior Zhong began recalling to her what had happened.

"The assassin came here to deliver the message knowing that he will die afterward, and he had intended to deal some damage to us. But at the last second, he decided to surprise attack this young man instead."

"Why was he attacked? Is he okay?"

When Senior Zhong recalled what the assassin had said, he couldn’t help but smile bitterly. "Because his face was annoying..."

The young lady covered her mouth from surprise after hearing his words. A bystander was attacked solely for the reason that he had an annoying face? What kind of development was this?

"As for his well-being... Not only did he manage to escape unharmed, but he also turned the situation around and killed the assassin with sword intent."

"Sword intent? That terrifying sword intent I felt just now didn’t belong to Senior Zhong?" she asked in a puzzled tone.

Senior Zhong shook his head in regret and said: "I wouldn’t be able to emit such powerful sword intent even if I tried."

The young lady was truly in shock now. She knew Senior Zhong’s demeanor very well, and his capabilities as a swordmaster could be considered top-notch even amongst masters. But for him to sound so disheartened and inferior when speaking about himself was a first.

"This young man, who is he?"

"I don’t know his background, only his name – Xiao Yang. Although he looks like a teenager, his demeanor says otherwise. If I had to guess, then he must be some revered swordmaster in disguise."

"Xiao Yang... is he still out there right now? Why don’t you invite him inside to have a talk?"

The young lady’s words surprised Senior Zhong. "But we don’t know his background. While I can’t sense any threat from him, I don’t think it would be a good idea to have him so close to the young lady!"

"I am interested in this swordmaster who even our esteemed Senior Zhong cannot comprehend. And since he’s strong enough to kill someone from the Moonlight Blades, I’d like to at least create some kind of connection between us."

"..." After a moment of silence, Senior Zhong nodded and left the carriage.

–

–

–

Outside the carriage, Su Yang was still trying to recall the name ’Hundred Poisons Body’ mentioned by the assassin.

"Ah! I remember now. It is a Royal-grade Heavenly Constitution! Anyone with the Hundred Poisons Body would be immune to all poisons at the mortal rank." Su Yang finally recalled why he found the name so familiar.

Heavenly Constitutions are special bodies that grant the person with it unique and sometimes heaven-defying talents, such as the Hundred Poison Body that allows the person to be immune to all poison and even cultivate with it.

Those with Heavenly Constitutions are all considered heaven-sent prodigies and are usually cultivated at a young age with all sorts of valuable resources and miracle medicines.

Heavenly Constitutions, like techniques and weapons, have their own levels of rarity and quality. The Hundred Poisons Body, for example, was at the Royal-grade, the lowest grade in the Heavenly Constitution rankings, whilst the superior Thousand Poisons Body, would be an Imperial-grade Heavenly Constitution.

"A Royal-grade Heavenly Constitution, huh..." Su Yang gaze narrowed at the carriage.

Suddenly, Senior Zhong came out of the carriage and approached Su Yang again.

"Young man, my young lady would like to invite you into the carriage for a little talk. She wants to personally thank you for dealing with the assassin." Senior Zhong said to him in a different tone than previously.

Su Yang looked at Senor Zhong’s serious face and took another quick glance at the carriage.

"Very well." He accepted their offer.

When the guards noticed Su Yang follow Senior Zhong into the carriage, their jaws dropped from shock. How could Senior Zhong let some stranger into the carriage when their young lady was also inside?!

However, as much as they wanted to complain and block Su Yang, none of them dared to open their mouth when they recalled the prowess he showed, not to mention Senior Zhong being beside him.

Once Su Yang entered the carriage, he was greeted by a elegant figure clad in red robes sitting on one side of the carriage. Although he couldn’t see her face, his vast experience told him that she was definitely a great beauty.

On the other hand, when the young lady saw Su Yang’s handsome face for the first time, she was greatly surprised by his appearance, even fascinated.

When Senior Zhong talked about him, he didn’t mention anything about Su Yang being this handsome of a young man, which dumbfounded the young lady for a second when she saw him, as she wasn’t expecting someone this handsome.

Su Yang sat on the other side of the carriage beside Senior Zhong with a nonchalant expression on his face, seemingly unfazed by the situation.

"You must be the great swordmaster, Xiao Yang. My surname is Xie, Xie Xingfang. I have heard about you from Senior Zhong, and I’d like to personally thank you for dealing with that assassin from the Moonlight Blades," said the young lady with her fair hand extended for a handshake.

Su Yang chuckled inside when she called him a swordmaster. "You don’t have to thank me. I did what I did only to protect myself," he said as he shook her hands that were soft and smooth.

"?!" Senior Zhong was secretly shocked when he saw Xie Xingfang extend her hands out for a handshake, as it was something unthinkable for someone of her status. He wanted to say something, but alas, Su Yang’s quick movements allowed him to touch her hands before he could even open his mouth.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45 Hundred Poisons Body
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Xie Xingfang looked at their handshake with a somewhat dazed expression. She didn’t know why she willingly extended her arms for a handshake; it was almost as though her body moved without thinking.

"It’s my first time feeling the skin of a male that’s not in my family..." she thought to herself as the feeling of Su Yang’s warm hand gently held her hand.

Perhaps it was because of Su Yang’s natural charm and presence, but Xie Xingfang didn’t know why she reached out her hands to him. Even Senior Zhong was surprised to see his young lady, who has a tendency to stay away from others, willingly offer her skin for another to feel.

"Umm... my hand..." Su Yang said a moment later when Xie Xingfang didn’t release her grasp after some time.

"Ah! Where are my manners? I apologize for that..." Xie Xingfang quickly retrieved her hand with a blushing face when she realized that she had been holding his hands for an extended amount of time.

Her actions caused Senior Zhong to widen his eyes from shock. What on earth is going on in here? Where did all her elegance go? It all seemed to have disappeared the moment she saw Su Yang.

"Ahem." Xie Xingfang cleared her throat.

"Senior brother Xiao, if you don’t mind me asking, where are you from?" she then asked.

Ignoring the way she addressed him with intimacy, Su Yang casually lifted his arm into the air to show her the blossom arts on his sleeves.

"I am from the Profound Blossom Sect," he said.

"The Profound Blossom Sect...?" Xie Xingfang showed a puzzled expression behind her veil. She has never heard of such a place before.

Senior Zhong also showed a questioning expression. Not even he has heard of such a place. However, for them to have such a profound swordmaster within their ranks, how could he not have heard of them before?

"We are not from around here, so I do not know of such a place... unfortunately..." said Xie Xingfang in a regrettable tone. "However, for them to have someone as powerful as you, it must surely be a special place."

Su Yang smiled and shook his head. "It really isn’t as impressive as you’d think. In fact, if I could leave, I would."

Senior Zhong’s eyes shone with a bright and sharp light when he heard Su Yang’s words, and he said: "Then how about joining my Divine Sword Sect? We would greatly appreciate a talented swordmaster such as yourself to join our ranks. I am sure that the disciples there would also appreciate having a new master who could teach them about sword intents."

"I appreciate the offer, but there are still things I have to do there. Once I am done, perhaps I could travel to this Divine Sword Sect." Su Yang kindly refused his offer without refusing it entirely.

Senior Zhong was a bit surprised. For someone to refuse the Divine Sword Sect so quickly, this was a first even for him. Could this Profound Blossom Sect really be this profound?

However, he wasn’t entirely disheartened because Su Yang did not entirely refuse his offer, even hinting that he might join them in the future.

"Then until you finish your business there, we will wait patiently. Just know that our Divine Sword Sect will always have our doors open for anyone talented in the sword," he said a moment later.

"Senior brother Xiao, you seem very young, even younger than me... How old are you, exactly?" Although it was hidden from sight, Xie Xingfang’s eyes flashed with an anticipating light.

Su Yang only smiled at her question and did not give her a proper reply. They seemed to be really interested in his age. However, he wasn’t willing to reveal that at the moment as it might be too shocking for them. After all, what kind of 16-year-old could use sword intent that was superior to even a Heavenly Spirit Realm expert’s sword intent? Not even prodigies could possibly manage such a feat.

Seeing how Su Yang didn’t want to reveal his age, Xie Xingfang was disappointed in her heart.

"What about you, senior brother Xiao? Surely you have a lot of questions to ask, especially after experiencing that unfortunate event." Xie Xingfang decided to treat her previous question as though it never happened, as she didn’t want the atmosphere to turn awkward.

Senior Zhong felt that it was extremely rude for Su Yang to ignore her question, as it would be considered blasphemy if he knew of her background. But seeing how Xie Xingfang decided to ignore it, he also decided to do the same.

"There has been something on my mind after that minor event..." Su Yang narrowed his eyes at Xie Xingfang’s alluring figure, and he continued: "Your Heavenly Constitution, the Hundred Poisons Body—"

"?!?!"

Before Su Yang could even finish his question, Senior Zhong’s eyes widened with alert, and his aura radiated with killing intent as his hands instinctively reached for Su Yang’s open neck with a clawing gesture, like an eagle grabbing its prey.

However, just before he could touch Su Yang, Xie Xingfang’s thundering voice resounded: "Halt!"

Senior Zhong’s movements instantly froze, his clawed-hand mere millimeters away from choking Su Yang’s pale neck, who didn’t even flinch the slightest from his sudden attack.

"..." Su Yang sat there silently, his expression still as calm as ever, looking as though he was not even a bit concerned about the situation.

He suddenly closed his eyes and said in a calm voice: "As rare as your Heavenly Constitution may be in this world, I do not have the slightest interest in your royal-grade Hundred Poisons Body. Even if it grants the person absolute resistance to all poison, its ability is, unfortunately, limited to mortal-grade poisons. It’d be useless once you encounter a spirit-grade poison."

Su Yang’s words dumbfounded both Senior Zhong, who was still prepared to continue his attack and Xie Xingfang, who was an expert in the art of poisons.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46 I Want to Look at Your Heavenly Constitution
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"If you are not interested, then why are you mentioning it?" asked Senior Zhong in a serious voice, sounding as though he was questioning a suspect who was behind bars.

"It’s just that it is my first time seeing someone with a Heavenly Constitution here, so I got curious and wanted to ask if I can take a look at it."

When Su Yang said ’here’, there was a profound and mysterious feeling to it. Of course, this wasn’t his first time seeing someone with a Heavenly Constitution, as every partner he had in his previous life had heaven-defying Heavenly Constitutions. However, as for this world’s Heavenly Constitution, this would truly be his first time seeing one, and he wanted to confirm whether or not it was the same as the Heavenly Constitutions from his previous life.

"Y-Y-You want to look at her Heavenly Constitution?! How shameless and bold of you! Do you have any idea what kind of nonsense you are asking?! Are you courting death!?" When Senior Zhong heard Su Yang’s insane request, he nearly pounced at him with open a jaw.

Even Xie Xingfang couldn’t help but blush behind the veil covering her face, as this was the first time someone has ever dared to be so bold in front of her. For Su Yang to ask her if he could see her Heavenly Constitution, he was basically asking her if he could see her Hundred Poisons Body — In other words, he wanted to see her naked body.

Su Yang looked at Senior Zhong’s disgusted expression with a frown. "What are you talking about?"

"Wha— But you clearly just asked to look at her Heavenly Constitution!"

"I sure did." He nodded without a second thought.

Senior Zhong’s face turned red from anger. He felt that Su Yang was trying to make him look like a fool.

"To look at her Heavenly Constitution means to look at her bare body! How shameless do you have to be to ask the young lady that?! If the young lady didn’t stop me, I would’ve already killed you!"

Su Yang looked at him with wide eyes. "Her bare body? You must surely be jesting. I am merely asking her to show me her palms so I can take a look at her meridians. Who said anything about looking at her body?" he said in a surprised tone, sounding as though he was truly innocent in this matter.

"Though, I wouldn’t mind going through the trouble to use that method..."

Senior Zhong nearly puked up a mouthful of blood after hearing his words. If Xie Xingfang wasn’t sitting in front of them, he would’ve already slapped him a few times by now.

"Young lady! I shall refuse his audacious request for you!" he said in a stern voice.

Su Yang shrugged his shoulders and said: "Then my business here is done. Albeit a bit short, it was nice talking to you, but I will be taking my leave now, as my destination is just ahead."

"You are heading to the Thunder Valley?" Senior Zhong asked him in a surprised tone. The strongest beasts there would be around the Profound Spirit Realm, so why would someone as powerful as Su Yang, who has the capabilities to kill someone at the Earth Spirit Realm with ease, want to go there?

"Just a small mission. Then, if you’ll excuse me..."

"Wait!"

Just as Su Yang was about to open the door to leave, Xie Xingfang suddenly called for him. However, Xie Xingfang herself did not know why she stopped him, as she would normally never ask someone who wanted to leave to stay.

"It’s just my palm, right? Even if it was to protect yourself, the fact that you assisted us in dealing with the Moonlight Blades does not change," said Xie Xingfang as she extended her fair hands for him again.

"Young lady! That kind of physical contact would be absolutely inappropriate for someone of your standing—"

"We have already shaken hands, this wouldn’t be much different."

"But young lady—"

"You heard the young lady, old man." Su Yang suddenly grabbed Xie Xingfang’s hands in one smooth motion, which greatly startled her who wasn’t fully prepared.

"Old... Old man?!" Senior Zhong almost couldn’t believe his ears. Ever since he was young, there had never been anyone who dared to address him in such a tone.

After grabbing Xie Xingfang’s hands again, Su Yang closed his eyes and became silent. Suddenly, his body emitted a profound aura, causing the atmosphere to feel somewhat ancient.

The unexpected change caused both Senior Zhong and Xie Xingfang to feel apprehensive.

The carriage suddenly became so quiet that only the sound of the horses and the carriage moving could be heard.

This quiet atmosphere lasted for a few moments. When Su Yang opened his eyes again, he showed a somewhat relieved smile. "It’s the same..." he mumbled in low voice.

"What’s the same?" asked Xie Xingfang.

"Eh? Ah, it’s just as I remembered it. I had thought that it would be different than how I imagined it, but it looks like that was unnecessary worry..." he said after a small pause.

After analyzing Xie Xingfang’s Heavenly Constitution, Su Yang confirmed that its structure and functions are the same as the Heavenly Constitution that he was familiar with in his previous life.

Learning this, Su Yang was in a joyous mood, as this discovery meant that there was a chance that he was still in the same universe but in a different world.

"Perhaps this is a world separated from the Four Worlds? A fifth world?" he pondered.

Su Yang looked at Xie Xingfang directly at her veil and smiled: "Thank you for listening to my selfish request," he said in a clear voice.

Xie Xingfang couldn’t help but feel that Su Yang was able to see through the veil and straight into her eyes when he looked at her, and she smiled: "It’s only a small matter, there is no need to be so humble..."

"Although it may be a small matter to you, it is something of great importance to me. As a show of my gratitude to you, I shall part to you the method to cultivate the Hundred Poisons Body into the Imperial-grade Thousand Poisons Body..."

"..."

The already silent place suddenly turned even quieter, and both Senior Zhong and Xie Xingfang stared at Su Yang with wide eyes filled with shock, especially Xie Xingfang, who was barely able to think properly at this moment.

"What did he just say? That not only does he have the method to cultivate my Hundred Poisons Body into the Thousand Poisons Body but he is also willing to give me such a priceless technique? Why?" Xie Xingfang stared at him with wide eyes behind her veil. She has never been this shocked before in her entire life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47 Priceless Technique
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"T-The method to cultivate my Hundred Poisons Body into a Thousand Poisons Body? Could a technique like that really exist under this heaven? If so, then why would you give it to someone like me – someone you’ve only just met?" Xie Xingfang asked with a trembling voice. Despite her colossal background and her family’s enormous wealth, she couldn’t help but tremble in excitement at this technique that may or may not even exist.

"There’s no point in keeping it for myself since I do not have a Hundred Poisons Body, so I might as well give it to someone that actually has a use for it. I am no saint, but it will always be a personal pleasure of mine to make beautiful ladies, one such as yourself, happy, especially if it only takes a few small gifts." Su Yang replied in a calm voice, sounding as though he really did not care that he was going to share such a priceless technique to some stranger.

"Beautiful lady?" The feeling that Su Yang could see through her veil became stronger in Xie Xingfang’s heart.

"Only a small gift?" Senior Zhong nearly fell unconscious when Su Yang called a technique that could cultivate one’s Heavenly Constitution into a higher grade a mere ’small gift’. In fact, he was so dumbfounded that he missed the obvious flirting that was happening right in front of his wide eyes.

"A-Are you sure? Surely, something this precious, you must–"

"No need to be so humble, I am also doing this for myself. Come, lean your head towards my way."

Although she felt overwhelmed by the sudden development, as though his words were said with magic in it, Xie Xingfang obediently listened to his words and leaned forward.

When she leaned forward, Su Yang also followed. He closed his eyes and gently touched her forehead that was still covered with a veil with his own forehead, not to mention her flowery fragrance that calmed his mind.

Xie Xingfang, on the other hand, could feel her face heating up from embarrassment. This was her first time being so close to another man’s face with her own; it was close enough that she might accidentally kiss him if she moved forward even the slightest.

A few seconds after their foreheads connected, a bright yellow glow could be seen in-between their foreheads slowly growing larger and brighter as time passed, and a few minutes felt like a few hours to Xie Xingfang, who was currently trying to absorb all of the information being fed into her head by Su Yang. Her body began sweating, and her breathing quickened.

When Senior Zhong saw the changes to Xie Xingfang, he wanted to interrupt them. However, fearing that he might distract them and cause irreversible damages to her, he decided to sit back and bite his jaw with as much strength as he could muster and patiently wait for the two to finish whatever they were doing.

"Immortal-grade tempering technique – Thousand Poisons Tempering?!?!" she cried inside her heart.

When Xie Xingfang finally learned the name and grade of the technique, she was nearly shocked into a coma.

There are countless techniques in this world that offer countless varieties of skills and different effects, each divided into different grades and categories depending on the technique’s power and versatility.

From the weakest and least powerful techniques to the heaven-defying techniques that could destroy mountains, they are ranked: Mortal-grade, Earth-grade, Heaven-grade, and lastly, the Immortal-grade, which was considered the highest attainable rarity for techniques in this mortal world.

To put in perspective how rare and valuable Immortal-grade techniques are in this world, one could use the ten fingers on their two hands to count all of the known Immortal-grade techniques in this world and still have spare fingers to use for counting.

Hell, forget about the unobtainable-by-most Immortal-grade techniques, even Heaven-grade techniques are considered national treasures in powerful sects and are kept secured under strict supervision.

Unless one belonged to a great family that ruled an entire region in the Eastern Continent or some super sect like the Divine Sword Sect, they can forget about ever seeing any Immortal-grade technique up close and personal.

When Su Yang finally finished transferring the technique into Xie Xingfang’s mind, he slowly pulled his head away from her forehead.

"I have transferred the technique directly into your mind so you can bring it up and look at it whenever you want. However, keep in mind that you will not be able to share it with anyone no matter how hard you try, so save yourself from pointless sweating," said Su Yang a few moments later.

"Haaa... Haaa...." Xie Xingfang panted heavily, sounding as though she just finished spriting a marathon.

"This.... This gift... how am I suppose to repay you? Even if I give you everything in my possession, it will not amount to even half the value of this technique!"

"Like I’d said. I am doing this not just for you but also for my own selfish reasons. And you can repay me by successfully cultivating your Hundred Poisons Body into the Thousand Poisons Body."

"Something like that is..." Xie Xingfang was speechless. She couldn’t understand Su Yang’s actions or guess his thoughts no matter how hard she tried. It was as though she was trying to see something deeply shrouded in a thick fog.

"A genius such as yourself, who is at the Earth Spirit Realm at such a young age, will surely be successful when cultivating the technique." Su Yang suddenly turned his head to look at the carriage ceiling, and he continued: "It seems like I have finally arrived at my destination. Although this meeting was short, it was filled with excitement – even a bit of fate’s aura."

"..." Xie Xingfang silently stared at Su Yang, seemingly in a daze.

"Open the carriage door!" Senior Zhong suddenly shouted, his voice hasty-sounding, almost as though he wanted Su Yang to leave the carriage as soon as possible.

The door to the carriage opened, and Su Yang quickly stepped out of the carriage.

"Wait! Senior brother Xiao!" Xie Xingfang looked like she was about to leave the carriage to follow him but was quickly stopped by Senior Zhong before she could even reach the door.

"Young lady, his Majesty gave me strict orders to not let you leave this carriage, or else the protection that was bestowed onto it will not be able to protect you from danger!"

"But I still have a lot of things I need to talk to him about!" she insisted on leaving the carriage.

"Young lady, don’t forget your standing! Although his swordsmanship is above even mine, he is only a mere commoner from the Eastern Continent! You cannot involve yourself too deeply with someone like that, or it will bring endless trouble – not just to yourself, but also that Xiao Yang! If it is as he said, that this meeting was fate, then you will surely meet him again in the future," said Senior Zhong, who did not know what kind of technique Su Yang gave her.

"..." Xie Xingfang finally gave up on leaving the carriage to chase after Su Yang after hearing those words.

"Start the carriage!" shouted Senior Zhong a few seconds later, and the carriage began moving.

Su Yang took one good look at the golden carriage from the outside before turning to face the valley in front of him that had a sky that was covered in thunderclouds from where he stood to the horizons.

"This is the Thunder Valley, huh."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48 Nine Astral Steps
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Right outside the Thunder Valley before entering the trees that filled the horizon, dozens of people camped outside. Most had injuries on their body, some even with lost limbs. There were disciples from random sects and the rest being mercenaries.

Everybody there had one goal, which was to hunt Lightning Cats for their monster core, valuable and profound resources cultivators use to cultivate themselves.

Monster cores are what beasts use to cultivate and store their cultivation base. If a beast with a solid cultivation base died, they would have a chance of leaving behind a monster core with their remaining cultivation base inside that cultivators could use to cultivate themselves.

Monster cores could also be used to create powerful weapons that greatly boosts the strength of its wielder, hence its high demand and value.

Su Yang casually walked towards the entrance of the Thunder Valley with the sound of lightning strikes constantly roaring in the background.

When he reached the camps, the people there started at him with odd gazes.

"He’s going in there alone? Does he have a death wish?"

"He must be really confident."

"I will give him two hours before he returns with tears in his eyes..."

"I bet you that he won’t return... ever."

A few individuals there laughed at Su Yang, who was walking into the Thunder Valley without any alert on his face. They have seen too many overconfident individuals enter with similar faces like Su Yang only to return with grave injuries after being here for many days.

Inside the Thunder Valley, Su Yang was surrounded by mountains, tall grass, and trees. And besides the random thundering in the background, it was relatively quiet in the area.

He walked straight towards the depths for half an hour without stop, yet he has not managed to encounter a single Lightning Cat.

However, Su Yang was already well aware that there were no Lightning Cats in the outer area of the place before stepping into the Thunder Valley, so he wasn’t surprised by their absence.

"They sure have perfectly cleaned out the outer perimeter, taking even the corpses with them." He wondered as he reached deeper into the valley.

As Su Yang got closer to the center, the thundering in the background grew louder and fiercer, like the sound of roaring dragons. Listening to the background, Su Yang couldn’t help but recall the time he had spent in the Dragon God Valley, where he would often hear similar sounds in the background.

"Dragon God Valley..." The light in his eyes suddenly flashed a mysterious light; it was one filled with melancholy.

Suddenly, the sound of many shrieking resounded in Su Yang’s ears. Although it came from somewhere afar, he was able to locate the exact location of where the scream was coming from in an instant.

His figure turned into a blur, quickly followed by a sudden gust of wind.

Using a foot technique from his previous life that significantly boosted his speed, he arrived at the location within seconds, traveling nearly a mile in that short time.

The moment he arrived, he noticed a group of young adults all wearing the same green-colored robes – half of them being on the floor and covered in blood, and surrounding them was five Lightning Cats.

These people were mostly disciples from some sect.

The Lightning Cats had black fur and blue eyes, and they are about as big as an adult walking on their four limbs. Their black fur also constantly flickered with electricity, looking as though they were all covered in an armor made of lightning.

When Su Yang suddenly showed up, the Lightning Cats and the disciples there looked at him. The disciples looked at him with desperation in their gaze, hoping that he could help them escape this situation.

As the for the Lightning Cats, they stared at him with wariness and alert. Although they couldn’t see his cultivation base, their beastly instincts warned them that Su Yang’s presence was definitely the strongest there and that he wasn’t someone to be taken lightly.

When the trembling disciples there noticed the Lightning Cats became defensive upon Su Yang’s arrival, their eyes glimmered with hope.

Su Yang retrieved the mission scroll he had received from the sect and confirmed that it did not mention how many he needed to kill before completing the mission.

"Although they are only at the Elementary Spirit Realm, their monster cores should fetch some decent wealth if I sold them to some rich families..." Su Yang unsheathed the sword by his side as he pondered about his need for money in this world.

Although his knowledge and experience were as vast as the sea, his pockets were pitifully empty. And other than the ten gold coins he had traded with his Premium Points, he really has nothing noteworthy in his possession.

"I am extremely poor in this life, to the point where I would not be able to afford anything that could help me at my current level of cultivation..."

In the midst of Su Yang’s thoughts, the five Lightning Cats suddenly pounced at him simultaneously with the lightning element on their body glowing brightly, causing dozens of tiny snake-like white lines to fly at him like a lightning storm.

Su Yang’s eyes flickered with a profound light, and his legs suddenly blurred, turning nearly invisible.

"Nine Astral Steps!"

Su Yang used one of the best movement techniques he had learned in his previous life. And although he could only utilize a very tiny portion of the technique’s full potential due to his insufficient cultivation base, his speed had become so fast that neither the disciples or the Lightning Cats could react to.

He suddenly disappeared from where he stood, and with speed quicker than anyone there could blink, he appeared behind the Lightning Cats like a ghost.

In that instant when he appeared, his arm that held the steel sword danced elegantly and sharply, executing five consecutive casual strikes without any technique.

Blood sprayed and heads flew.

The five Lightning Cats dropped to the ground without any of their heads attached; they had been killed by Su Yang before the dazed disciples could even realize what had happened.

After killing the five Lightning Cats in the blink of an eye and ignoring the baffled disciples there, Su Yang used his sword to cut open the forehead of the two Lightning Cats’ head to retrieve the monster core hidden inside.

"Two monster cores already..." Su Yang nodded to himself with satisfaction and threw the monster cores into his pockets.

And just as he was able to turn and leave, one of the disciples there called out to him.

"Excuse me, savior! Although it may be too much to ask after you saved our lives, would you like to group up with us?"

Su Yang turned to look at the pretty girl who had called for him, who was also giving him a seductive look. After a glance at her low cultivation base that was merely at the 4th level at the Elementary Spirit Realm, he replied in a nonchalant voice: "Hunting beasts at the peak of Elementary Spirit Realm while you are not even qualified to step inside this Thunder Valley... What did you expect to achieve here with your cultivation base? I do not have the time to play with you or your stupid games..."

Su Yang turned around and left after refusing to carry dead weights, his silhouette quickly disappearing from their eyes, and the pretty lady stared at the direction where he disappeared with a dumbfounded expression, her face red from embarrassment after listening to his harsh words.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 Have Eyes But...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Su Yang traveled deeper into the Thunder Valley, fights between Lightning Cats and people became more common.

"None of these have a monster core..." Su Yang scanned the surroundings for Lightning Cats that had monster cores.

Normally, one would not know if the beast they killed would have a monster core in them unless they split open its forehead. However, as for Su Yang, who has knowledge and techniques used by Immortals and Gods, he has the ability to determine whether or not the beast would have a monster core without killing it.

"Oh, there’s one..."

Once Su Yang manages to find a Lightning Cat that was guaranteed to leave a monster core behind, he would disappear towards that direction to hunt that Lightning Cat – even if it was already fighting with other people.

"Ah! Hey! Who the fuck are you?! How dare you steal our prey!"

"Your mother! Do you have no shame?!"

The people that were fighting with the Lightning Cat became enraged when Su Yang suddenly appeared out of thin air and stole their kill, even obtaining a monster core out of it.

Su Yang only glanced at them and said in a sneering tone: "Did you really expect others to stand around and watch when there are unclaimed wealth in front of their eyes? This is the wilderness, not your backyard, and I am here to earn my wealth just like everyone else – I did not come here to stand around while everyone takes their time with these beasts."

In the upper realm of the cultivation world, where Immortals and Gods lacked the resources to improve themselves, Su Yang has witnessed and experienced for himself the fierce competitions for resources between these Immortals and Gods.

The higher cultivation cultivators achieve, the more valuable the cultivation resource they would need to strengthen themselves due to their growing standard and hunger. Hence to Su Yang, who was adapted to such struggles, he did not consider his actions as being shameless or stealing.

"Do not take this personally – this is the reality of the ’real’ cultivation world," he said to them before leaving like a ghost.

That’s right. In the ancient eyes of Su Yang, who has – for many times – fought to the death with Immortals just for the chance to increase his own cultivation slightly, this mortal world has yet to experience the ’real’ cultivation world. There was no genuine struggles or fierce competition between cultivators, as there are plenty of resources in this world for the majority to share.

-

-

-

"What the fuck?! Identify yourself! Do you have any idea which sect we belong to?!"

A group of disciples stared at Su Yang with angry expressions after he appeared out of nowhere and stole their prey, even reaping their reward.

Su Yang glanced at the group of disciples he stole the Lightning Cat from and shrugged. "I don’t know, nor do I care," he said to them and disappeared to another location.

Within hours, Su Yang traversed the entire inner area of the Thunder Valley like a gust of wind. And wherever he would appear, another monster core would enter his pocket, followed by enraged reactions from those he stole the kill from.

"Fuck! That shameless bastard! I swear that if I ever see him again, I will beat him into a plump!"

"But... as shameless as he was, he managed to kill the Lightning Cats with seemingly zero effort... Are you sure that you want to fight someone like him?"

"I... Shut up!"

Very quickly, Su Yang became famous within the Thunder Valley as a shameless thief who would steal the preys of others.

"The results are better than I’d expected..." Su Yang said as he felt his pockets that were filled with monster cores. He was pleasantly surprised to find so many Lightning Cats running around in this Thunder Valley. It was as though the only beast that lived in this place was Lightning Cats.

Normally, wildernesses like this Thunder Valley would have many different types of beasts dwelling within. However, from Su Yang’s encounters, there were only Lightning Cats.

"What an odd phenomenon..." Su Yang stopped his movements and began pondering.

After a few moments of thinking, he suddenly started running even deeper into the Thunder Valley, even ignoring the surrounding Lightning Cats with monster cores.

However, right before Su Yang reached the center of the Thunder Valley, the Thunder Core, he was greeted by a massive crowd of people blocking his path.

These people were all wearing a pair of white robes with a picture of a golden sword sewed on their right leg, and there was at least a hundred of these people standing around.

"What is going on here?" Su Yang asked one of them.

"This place is currently occupied by the Divine Sword Sect. Turn around and leave right this instant."

When Su Yang heard that they belonged to the Divine Sword Sect, he couldn’t help but lift his eyebrows in surprise.

Senior Zhong was clearly heading to another place when he departed with him, so what are these guys doing here in the middle of the Thunder Valley?

The majority of them was at the Profound Spirit Realm except for a few individuals that were at the True Spirit Realm. It was an enormous force to be reckoned with, especially at this Thunder Valley, where the majority of beasts were at the Elementary Spirit Realm — it was an overkill.

However, with so many Profound Spirit Realms experts, the overwhelming amount of Lightning Cats should have been eradicated by now, yet there were still many roaming around, which meant that they were not here for the Lightning Cats but something else.

"If they are not here for the Lightning Cats, then it must be because of ’that’." Su Yang smiled to himself.

When the Divine Sword Sect disciple saw his smile, he frowned. "What the hell are you smiling about? Get lost!" He said in a low and irritated voice.

"Get lost, huh..." Su Yang casually retrieved a yellow jade slip from his robe and showed it to the disciple, who suddenly shrieked in terror after seeing the jade slip, causing everybody there to look at them.

"M-M-My deepest apologies!" The disciple suddenly dropped to his knees and began kowtowing to Su Yang with a pale face. "This unworthy junior have eyes but has failed to recognize Mount Tai!"

The place suddenly became dead silent, to the point where even a falling leaf could be heard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 Extreme Yin Flower
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Su Yang showed the Divine Sword Sect the yellow jade slip Senior Zhong had given him earlier, everything went silent.

"Move aside, I have business with your seniors..." Su Yang said as he put on a profound and oppressive air, making others believe that he was a profound senior.

"R-Right away!" The disciples quickly cleared a path for Su Yang to walk through.

Su Yang nodded and began walking through the open path, and the disciples looked at the ground as he walked past them, seemingly afraid to look at him.

Once he got past the crowd, Su Yang continued to walk towards the center, the atmosphere growing heavier as he got closer.

"Who’s there?!" A voice thundered the moment Su Yang reached the center of the Thunder Valley, the Thunder Core.

Su Yang looked at the situation ahead of him – there were four figures, each emitting the aura of an expert at the Earth Spirit Realm, standing around a small flower that was glowing a dark blue light in a breathing pattern.

This flower was the size of a human thumb, and electricity could be seen coiling around its stem like a small snake.

When Su Yang first saw the flower, he showed a slight smile that went away an instant later.

"I will not ask you again! How did you get past my disciples, and what happened to them?!" asked one of the four figures, an old lady in red robes with killing intent in her gaze.

However, she was not the only one looking at him with hostility, as the three figures beside her also looked prepared to attack him at any given moment.

These four figures knew very well that the Divine Sword Sect’s disciples would not let anyone through under any circumstances – unless their hands were forced.

However, who in this small Eastern Continent could possibly force over a hundred disciples from the Divine Sword Sect to retreat? This was also why the four figures didn’t immediately attack Su Yang – they were all wary of his mysterious presence.

"I walked past them, of course. As for their safety... I did not touch anyone." Su Yang said in a nonchalant voice, seemingly unfazed by the combined killing intent of four Earth Spirit Realm cultivators.

"You walked past them? How is that even possible?! I gave them strict orders to not let anyone through!"

"Can you still say that after seeing this?" Su Yang revealed the yellow jade slip again.

Although he did not know the jade slip’s purpose when he first obtained it, the reactions from the Divine Sword Sect’s disciples made it clear to him that it granted him some sort of special presence within the Divine Sword Sect.

And sure enough, when the four figures saw the yellow jade slip, their eyes nearly popped out from shock.

"Impossible! That’s Senior Zhong’s command medallion! Why does he have such a thing?!"

"You! How did you obtain that jade slip, and what is your relationship with Senior Zhong?!"

"How do we know that it’s the real thing? Senior Zhong had left the sect to go to ’that’ place since ten years ago!"

The four figures began throwing questions at Su Yang, who calmly answered them one by one.

"I met Senior Zhong by chance, and after helping him protect Lady Xie, we became best friends and he gave me this jade slip as a show of gratitude..."When Su Yang mentioned the surname ’Xie’, the expressions on these four figures changed. They no longer looked at him with killing intent, but they still held their suspicions.

"As for the authenticity of this jade slip, why don’t you check it yourself?" Su Yang then threw the jade slip towards their direction.

The one who caught it took a moment to examine the jade slip.

Moments later, he cried out: "It’s real! This is really Senior Zhong’s command medallion!"

"So what if it’s real? What are you doing here? Senior Zhong shouldn’t know of this operation since he hasn’t been with us for over ten years..." The old lady in red robes continued to question him.

"Are you sure about that? I parted with Senior Zhong only recently at the entrance of this Thunder Valley."

"What? Senior Zhong was here?"

Su Yang nodded and said: "Along with Lady Xie."

He then approached them in a casual manner and continued: "Do you have any idea what that flower is?" he asked them.

The four looked at the flower and then back to Su Yang and shook their heads. Indeed, they have never seen such a flower before. Despite their profound knowledge, none of them have ever seen or heard of such a flower before.

However, they were certain that this flower was the cause of the phenomenon with the Lightning Cats in this Thunder Valley and that it was some sort of priceless treasure, hence why they planned to have this place secured until they figure out the identity of this small flower.

"That flower is called the Extreme Yin Flower, and it has the same effects as the Pure Yin Flower, as well as being ten times greater in its effectiveness."

"Ten times greater?!"

When the four figures learned about the identity of this flower, their jaws dropped from shock. The Pure Yin Flower was already considered an extremely strong medicine that could kill even Earth Spirit Realm cultivators, yet this Extreme Yin Flower was ten times stronger? Then wouldn’t this Extreme Yin Flower kill even Heavenly Spirit Realm cultivators?

"If consumed without a special technique, even cultivators above the Heavenly Spirit Realm would die instantly after using it," said Su Yang, increasing the shock in their hearts.

"Even those above the Heavenly Spirit Realm? T-Then what are we supposed to do with this thing? If nobody in this world could use it, then wouldn’t that make it useless?" asked the old lady in red robes.

"That is why Lady Xie and Senior Zhong had sent me to this place," he replied.

"Although none of us here could use this Extreme Yin Flower, I’m fairly certain that Lady Xie’s family would find some use in it."

Despite knowing nothing about Xie Xingfang’s background, Su Yang knew that she was someone with an incomprehensible status in this world, so he used that to his advantage in hopes to convince these four figures.

"That does make sense... if someone has the ability to handle this Extreme Yin Flower, then it would be Lady Xie’s family..."

"Then if you will excuse me. I will extract this Extreme Yin Flower and return to Lady Xie’s side," said Su Yang as he stood in front of the Extreme Yin Flower.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 Unfortunate
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let me see your jade box," said Su Yang without needing to ask if they had one.

"Here you go..." The old lady in red robes retrieved a red box and handed it to Su Yang, who was kneeling in front of the blue flower.

The jade box in his hands was similar to the one the White Pearl Treasury handed him his Pure Yang Flower in. When herbs or medicine with Profound Qi are uprooted from where they grew, their quality would degrade as time goes, so cultivators would use these jade box for storage to slow down the decaying process. The more expensive jade boxes could even perfectly preserve medicines and allow their quality to remain the same even after hundreds of years.

"Although I was doubtful at first, this is indeed the Extreme Yin Flower. They normally grow in the coldest of cold places, yet one managed to appear in this Thunder Valley..." Su Yang pondered as he casually reached for Extreme Yin Flower, which greatly shocked the four figures watching.

These four figures had been trying to figure out a way to pluck this flower since many days ago, however, because the Extreme Yin Flower would retaliate with its Profound Qi, none of them have been able to touch it.

Sometimes, when a herb has enough Profound Qi, it could give birth to its own conscious. Albeit rather little, this Extreme Yin Flower has enough awareness to protect itself when it senses danger.

"Wait! That’s–"

However, just as the four figures expected to witness the Extreme Yin Flower attack Su Yang with Profound Qi, Su Yang casually plucked the flower as though he was plucking a normal flower; it was effortless and smooth.

"Extreme Yin Flowers emits this profound aura that will easily chase away all beasts, leaving only beasts with a naturally strong Yin body like the Lightning Cats to nourish itself. This Thunder Valley should return to normal within a few weeks." Su Yang explained to them why the Thunder Valley only has Lightning Cats as he placed the Extreme Yin Flower inside the jade box.

"...How? How did you pluck it without it attacking you? When we tried, it would shoot out Profound Qi equivalent to a cultivator at the Heavenly Spirit Realm," asked one of the four figures with a baffled expression on his face.

Su Yang looked at them with a calm expression and said: "It is the same as courting a girl – If she doesn’t like you, then she will obviously shoo you away. However, if you approach her properly, then she will obediently follow you home."

Su Yang’s explanation nearly caused the four to choke on air from the sheer ridiculousness. How could he compare plucking a divine medicine to courting girls? However, as crazy as his words sounded, it sounded sane when it came out of his mouth.

Perhaps it was his handsome face or his graceful appearance, but the four did not continue to question him.

"Very well. Now I will deliver this to Lady Xie."

"Wait a moment!"

Just as Su Yang began to walk away, one of the four stopped him.

"I will be sure to mention your Divine Sword Sect when I pass this to Lady Xie." Su Yang suddenly said without even turning around.

"..."

"Thank you, senior!"

Although dumbfounded at first, the one who called for him bowed to his disappearing back with respect, and the other three soon followed.

Although Su Yang looked young enough to be their grandchildren, there was a certain feeling he was emitting that made him feel more ancient than his actual appearance, which made the four feel as though they were in the presence of some profound expert.

"Lady Xie’s family is profound and unfathomably deep. To think they have an expert who could pluck divine medicines with a Heavenly Spirit Realm cultivation base as though he was plucking weed..." The four sighed with reverence as Su Yang disappeared from the Thunder Core.

–

–

–

"Senior!"

When the Divine Sword Sect’s disciples noticed Su Yang’s figure appearing from behind the treelines, they all cleared the way for him without saying a single word.

"I have heard good things about the Divine Sword Sect from Senior Zhong, but I thought he was only patting himself in the back. I’m sure Senior Zhong will be exhilarated once I mention to him how respectful his disciples are." Su Yang laughed as he walked the clear path.

His words caused the disciples there to feel elevated. Senior Zhong was a figure with an extensive background within the sect and was hailed basically as a hero. To have their presence mentioned in front of such a hero was something to be proud of.

However, little did these disciples know that if Senior Zhong really found out what Su Yang did today with his command jade slip, he would surely puke blood due to anger!

While Su Yang was not the type to hold grudges, if he has the chance to return a favor, he will not be humble.

After Su Yang left the place, the Divine Sword Sect also left soon after, and over a hundred figures could be seen standing on swords while soaring across the Thunder Valley into the horizon.

"Flying swords, huh... I should also get myself a flying sword once I sell these monster cores..." Su Yang thought to himself as he returned to hunting Lightning Cats.

As for the Extreme Yin Flower that could be considered a divine medicine in this mortal world, he doesn’t have a single clue as to how he should use it.

As a man, Su Yang couldn’t use the Extreme Yin Flower for himself, as he would only be courting death. However, he also has very little hope that he could find a female in this mortal world, where the Heavenly Spirit Realm is considered the apex, to be powerful enough to consume this Extreme Yin Flower without exploding into a thousand pieces from the tyrannical Yin Qi within the flower.

"Even if I give someone at the Heavenly Spirit Realm the method to consume this Extreme Yin Flower, their cultivation base would not be enough to fully resist it... Aiyaaa... To think I’d be fortunate enough to come across this Extreme Yin Flower in this lacking world, yet the chances of finding someone worthy and able to consume it is near nonexistent... How unlucky! Truly unfortunate!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 What If I Refuse?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the Medicine Hall, Lan Liqing calmly walked down the stairs with her usual nonchalant expression.

When the disciples saw her, their face radiated brightly.

"Master! You are finally out of your room!"

One of her disciples ran up to her and handed her a jade slip. "Master, the Patriarch visited yesterday, but he quickly left when we told him that you were in closed cultivation. He also left behind this jade slip for you before leaving," said the disciple as she handed Lan Liqing the jade slip.

"The Patriarch?" Lan Liqing wondered what he wanted from her.

"Thank you, I will head to the Yin Yang Pavilion to see the Patriarch now." Lan Liqing suddenly stopped by the exit and turned to ask: "By the way, have you heard anything about Su Yang as of lately?"

The disciples shook their heads.

"Su Yang left the sect for a mission a week ago and we haven’t heard anything about him since then."

"He left the sect?" Lan Liqing has been cultivating alone in her room ever since Su Yang plucked her flower, so it wasn’t weird that she didn’t know about it.

After leaving the Medicine Hall, Lan Liqing went directly to the Yin Yang Pavilion, where the current Patriarch and Matriarch lived.

Unlike normal sects, the Profound Blossom Sect had two sect masters instead of one – one male and one female. This way, if any of the males or females had a problem with each other, they would have their own representative without being afraid of being treated unjustly simply because of their gender.

"Disciple Lan greets the Patriarch." Lan Liqing bowed to the handsome middle-aged man with long black hair, who was calmly sat on his bed before her.

While she was a sect elder, she was also considered a disciple of the sect, and under the sect master’s presence, all elders are still disciples.

"Relax." The Patriarch casually waved his hand and continued: "Do you know why I called you here?" he asked.

"No, this disciple doesn’t know."

"It has been over 25 years since you joined the Profound Blossom Sect as a disciple, all the way back when I was a mere elder, and as far as I am aware... you are the only elder within the sect that has yet to truly experience dual cultivation..." The Patriarch then sighed.

"You were an excellent disciple with a bright future when you first joined and everybody was charmed by your appearances, but because of your stubbornness that refused to dual cultivate, your talents never really sprouted. Although the sect does not force the disciples to dual cultivate against their will, you are now over 40 years old, yet you are still a pure maiden... Tell me, Disciple Lan... for what reason did you join the Profound Blossom Sect when you do not wish to dual cultivate?" he continued with an expression of pity.

When Lan Liqing was still in her prime years, she was one of the most promising disciples within the Profound Blossom Sect with superior looks and great talent that captivated countless disciples. Her charm was so great that it had even caught the attention of a few core disciples.

However, despite so many people courting her, Lan Liqing coldly refused to cultivate with anyone, even the core disciples, which had caused the previous sect masters endless headaches.

"The previous Sect Masters may have allowed you to do whatever you wanted because of their kindness, but I am not as lenient as them. Disciple Lan, you are a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect, so you have an obligation to follow its teachings and dual cultivate."

Lan Liqing, who had been standing there silently, finally opened her mouth and said: "What if I refuse?"

"Then you will either be forced to cultivate or forced to leave the sect," said the Patriarch in a cold tone. "But it would be a waste to throw you away after spending so much resource on you, especially when you still have your Yin Essence..."

"The sect rules forbids forced dual cultivation, even if it is ordered by the Patriarch," Lan Liqing calmly replied without revealing the fact that her Yin Essence was already stolen by a mere disciple, as she has been through many similar situations.

"You are right, but being a disciple of my Profound Blossom Sect, you are obligated to serve me, as that is one of the many privileges being the sect master," said the Patriarch, his narrowed gaze filled with lust as he scanned Lan Liqing’s refined figure.

Lan Liqing frowned at his words. He was right. As long as she was a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect, she was obligated to serve the sect master if demanded.

"However, out of respect for the previous sect master who doted you as if you were his own grandchild, I will give you one last chance – you have until the end of the month to find yourself a partner among the current elders before I call you to my room again, and it will not end with just a few words like today. Do not force my hands, Disciple Lan."

Lan Liqing left the Yin Yang Pavilion immediately after the Patriarch’s last words. When she returned to the Medicine Hall, her complexion was pale, causing the disciples there to look at her with worry.

"Master! Are you alright? You look awful!"

"I am fine... I just need to rest in my room for a bit..."

The disciples there silently watched as Lan Liqing slowly walked upstairs, looking as though she was in despair.

"What happened to her? Did she get scolded at by the Patriarch?"

"Probably..."

Lan Liqing was a disciple at this Profound Blossom Sect only because of the previous patriarch, who brought her in and raised her as his own after he saved her moments before being kidnapped by bandits that had brutally killed her parents.

If she wasn’t attached to this Profound Blossom Sect that she saw as her home, she would’ve long left the place when the previous patriarch died.

Insider her room, Lan Liqing silently sat on her bed, her muddled gaze staring at a small piece of cloth in her hands that was stained by a few blood spots. "Su Yang..." she mumbled, feeling perplexed by the situation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 Burning Lotus Auction House
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After conning the Divine Sword Sect the Extreme Yin Flower by acting like someone that worked for Lady Xie, Su Yang continued to travel the Thunder Valley hunting Lightning Cats for their monster core. And because of a profound technique he’d learned in his previous life, he was able to easily distinguish those with monster cores from those that don’t.

Su Yang casually sliced the Lightning Cat’s forehead with the tip of his sword and removed the pebble-sized monster core that was inside, and he threw it into his pockets that were already filled with monster cores.

"I really need a storage ring. All this weight on my body feels weird and uncomfortable," mumbled Su Yang, who was used to having all his valuables in storage rings.

Storage rings are magical rings with a space of its own inside, like a pocket dimension, that allows its owners to store things within, making it easier for them to walk around while carrying things that would normally require effort. Cultivators would normally store their all treasures within their storage rings, as they are easily accessible when needed and are always safe by their side.

"All-Seeing Celestial Eyes!" Su Yang’s eyes suddenly flickered with a profound light that quickly disappeared.

"So this was the last one that had a monster core, huh..."

Su Yang gently patted his bulging pockets that contained more than a dozen monster cores; it felt as though he was carrying many rocks in both sides of his pockets, making it quite uncomfortable for him, as it would rub on his legs whenever he moved.

"Although I made this trip from pure coincidences, I managed to obtain quite a decent amount of wealth. An Extreme Yin Flower and a bunch of monster cores of the Yin-Lightning element... all that would benefit females but harm males..." Su Yang sighed.

In this world, there exists a version of either Yin or Yang in almost everything—even in elements such as fire, water, wind, and earth—hence why there are Yin-Lightning elements and Yang-Lightning elements.

After clearing out the Thunder Valley, Su Yang did not wait for another second to leave the place, as he did not wish to stay there any longer.

When he walked out from the Thunder Valley, the people camping outside that recognized him from a few hours back stared at him with wide eyes. Not only did he return with all his limbs attached, he even managed to come out unscathed!

As Su Yang walked away, he glanced at those few individuals that were loudly sneering at him before and showed them a slight smile alongside an expression filled with mockery, causing the veins in their head to bulge like roots.

They wanted to pounce at him at that moment, but because they were all heavily injured while Su Yang was in a perfect condition, none of them dared to approach him.

-

-

-

After leaving the Thunder Valley, Su Yang traveled back to the Swift Feather City.

And although it had taken him nearly a week to travel to the Thunder Valley from the Swift Feather City, he was able to return to the Swift Feather City within the same day he left the Thunder Valley because he decided to run at full speed instead of walking at a strolling pace like he did last time.

Once he reached the main gates, the guards allowed him inside without any trouble once they saw the elegant white robes on him that identified him as a disciple of the Profound Blossom Sect.

"Please enjoy your stay, Young Master!" They bowed to him as he entered.

And unlike his first visit, Su Yang walked a straight line through the middle of the city without stopping his legs, as he had no reason to linger around in this place.

However, when he reached the center of the city, he suddenly stopped his steps to look at a massive group of people trying to enter the large red building in front of them. They were all dressed in wealthy attires with expensive accessories all around their body, looking as though they were on their way to some party for nobles.

There was also a few individuals within that group that looked like disciples of certain sects, but they were in the minority and was barely noticeable.

"What is that place?" Su Yang stopped a random pedestrian and asked.

"The Burning Lotus Auction House? It’s an elite auction house that opens only once a year; it’s for those who are wealthy and are looking to buy or sell rare treasures," said the pedestrian.

"An auction house, huh..." Su Yang looked at his bulging pockets and nodded, looking as though he had decided on something.

"Thank you," he said before approaching the crowd.

Once he reached the crowd, Su Yang focused his ears to listen to the people around him talking.

"Noble Chen, what are you trying to buy from the auction house this year?"

"Are you looking to fight me again this year? If so, then you can screw off!"

"Hahaha... don’t be like that, Noble Chen. If it wasn’t for my son who really needed that 70-year-old ginseng, I wouldn’t have fought you for it."

"Hmph! Because of you, my son nearly destroyed the house out of anger because he wasn’t able to breakthrough without that 70-year-old ginseng!"

...

"I have heard rumors that the Burning Lotus Auction House might be auctioning a few of their famous handmade pills this year—the Burning Lotus Pill!"

"That profound pill that increases the chance of someone entering the Profound Spirit Realm by 90%?"

"Really? If they are really selling Burning Lotus Pills this year, then I must get my hands on one! My son who is at the peak of the Elementary Spirit Realm will finally reach the Profound Spirit Realm if he had its assistance!"

...

"I can’t wait to see Madam Wang again..."

"Are you here to look at girls or treasures?"

"Aren’t they the same thing?"

...

"Eh? Noble Chen, you are also here for the low-grade storage ring?"

"What? Don’t tell me that you are also here for that?"

"Well..."

"Hahaha! Good! Today will be a good day for revenge!"

Upon hearing that this place would be auctioning a storage ring, Su Yang decided to stay around to see if he could earn enough from the monster cores to buy it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 Madam Wang
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After standing around for some time outside while people slowly entered the Burning Lotus Auction House, it was finally Su Yang’s turn to head inside.

When he approached the door, a beautiful young lady wearing a red cheongsam stopped him and asked: "Excuse me, are you selling or buying today?"

"I would like to sell a few Elementary-grade and Profound-grade Lightning Cat monster cores," he replied while patting his pockets.

The young lady’s eyes widened with astonishment when she saw how he was carrying so many monster cores in his pockets as though they were candies, making her wonder why he’d carry them like that and how many were in his pockets.

"H-How many monster cores are you trying to sell today?" she asked him with a stiff smile.

"I have 36 of them," replied Su Yang in an indifferent voice.

"36 of them?!?!" The young lady nearly fell on her buttcheeks when she heard the amount of monster cores he was carrying. How did he manage to obtain so many of them? Despite their over 100 years of business, not even their Burning Lotus Auction House has ever sold so many monster cores at once before.

"E-Esteemed guest, please wait a moment!" said the young lady in a hurried voice. She then beckoned one of the assistants inside the building to go to her.

"Bring this esteemed guest to the guest room and notify Madam Wang of his presence. Tell her that he has three dozens of Lightning Cat monster cores that he’d like us to sell for him." The young lady whispered directly in the assistant’s ear, who was also a pretty young lady wearing similar clothing.

Since Madam Wang would only meet with guests that have extremely rare and valuable items to sell, or when they have a profound background, the assistant instantly became alert of Su Yang’s presence.

The assistant glanced at Su Yang’s handsome face and blushed. Such a good-looking young man, he must surely be someone with an exalted background.

"Please follow me, esteemed guest." The assistant gracefully beckoned him to enter.

When the other guests saw how the servants from the Burning Lotus Auction House treated Su Yang with such respect, they all intensively looked at him, looking as though they were trying to engrave his face into their memories.

After Su Yang entered the building, he was led to a large room with expensive furniture.

"Esteemed guest, please wait a moment while I call for Madam Wang," said the assistant before walking away in a fast pace.

While the assistant went to call for this Madam Wang, Su Yang retrieved the 36 monster cores from his pockets and laid them on the table made from exquisite wood in front of him, all in an orderly fashion and separated by their grades and quality.

Monster cores are graded by the cultivation base of its owner before death. When a beast at the Elementary Spirit Realm dies, it would normally leave behind an Elementary-grade monster core, whilst a Profound Spirit Realm beast would leave behind a Profound-grade monster core. However, not all beasts drop monster cores with grades similar to their cultivation base, as there are times they would leave behind monster cores with a lower grade than their actual cultivation base.

Monster cores are also graded by its size, so small-sized monster core are considered inferior in quality while the larger ones are of superior quality, such as inferior Elementary-grade monster cores and superior Elementary-grade monster cores. There are also higher qualities than superior, but those are usually only available from profound beasts above the Heavenly Spirit Realm.

-

-

-

A few minutes after Su Yang finished organizing the monster cores, the door to the room slowly opened, and an extremely beautiful woman wearing a revealing black cheongsam entered the room.

Su Yang glanced at the woman who’d just entered. She had short black hair with a small red lotus hair accessory in her hair. Her eyes were sharp and clear, and her naturally seductive figure was undoubtedly alluring enough to halt the steps of any man in the streets that looked at her.

When this beautiful woman saw the amount of monster cores laid out on the table, her eyes flickered with an excited light. However, when she noticed Su Yang and his robes, her eyebrows unconsciously raised itself, and a glint of delight flickered in her eyes.

"To be honest, when I heard that someone wanted to sell Lightning Cat monster cores at our Burning Lotus Auction House, I did not expect that someone to be a mere Outer Court disciple from the infamous Profound Blossom Sect," she sat down in front of Su Yang and said to him in a calm voice.

"This many Lightning Cat monster cores... did you personally slay them, or did you obtain them from another source?" Madam Wang continued to speak as she picked up one of the monster cores to play with it without giving Su Yang any space in her view.

Seeing Madam Wang’s arrogant demeanor and lack of manners, Su Yang smiled and said: "I like doing business with honest people like you, as it makes the transaction much more straightforward and less complicated. So? What is the share like for doing business in your Burning Lotus Auction House?"

Madam Wang’s eyes widened with surprise when Su Yang outright ignored her questions while asking his own. Who does this brat think he is talking to? Does he even know where he is?

"Is this how you speak to your seniors?" She stared at him with a frown.

"Don’t even bother trying to use your status to take advantage of me, surnamed Wang." Su Yang suddenly leaned forward with a serious expression on his face, his sharp gaze staring directly into Madam Wang’s eyes. "If you are trying to act your age by looking at me as a mere junior, then I will also act my actual age... "

"...W-Who are you? How dare you speak to me in such a tone! Do you know who I am? I am a Sect Elder from the Burning Lotus—" When Madam Wang, a cultivator at the peak of the True Spirit Realm, sensed the overwhelming aura emitted by Su Yang that gave her the feeling that she was in the presence of an experienced senior, her heart skipped a beat.

"Even if you are the Sect Master of my Sect — if you talk to me in a distasteful tone, I will make you change that tone." Su Yang rudely interrupted her in a calm voice, which sounded more oppressive than being loud.

Although Su Yang has the appearance of a young man, he was still mentally older than anybody living in this world. He was an existence who was revered no matter where he traveled. Even if nobody in this world was aware of his exalted existence, he would not allow anyone to disrespect him in such a fashion.

"Now let’s put a halt to this silliness so we can start doing business, how does that sound?" he said with a smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 Offer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Madam Wang sat there with a dazed expression, her trembling gaze filled with disbelief and bewilderment as she stared at Su Yang, who was calmly sitting there with a slight smile on his face.

She was a Sect Elder of one of the few prestigious sects within this Eastern Continent, the Burning Lotus Palace, yet a mere junior from the indecent Profound Blossom Sect actually dared to speak to her with such arrogance and disrespect? She had never faced such a situation before, hence her perplexion.

However, as much as she wanted to flip the table and slap Su Yang in the face, there was something in her that silently told her to calm down and not act so recklessly, so she closed her eyes and took a deep breath to recollect herself.

She didn’t want to admit defeat, much less to a junior, but the three dozens of monster cores on the table greatly helped her calm down.

While they were only Elementary-grade and Profound-grade monster cores, they are still considered very valuable resources, as they are always in high demand and could never seem to satisfy the never-ending flow of orders.

"Customers who wish to sell at our Burning Lotus Sect will receive 70% of the total amount for the item sold while the Burning Lotus Auction House takes the remaining 30%. If it doesn’t sell, then you will pay us 10 gold coins for using our service," said Madam Wang with an annoyed voice.

"I want 80%." Su Yang said immediately after.

Madam Wang instantly frowned at his words. "Are you purposefully trying to anger me? Don’t forget your standing here as the customer. This is not a negotiation. You either take it or leave it."

"Of course, this is not a negotiation. This is my offer, you either take it or leave it."

"Get out—before I assault a guest inside this place for the first time ever since I became the manager here," said Madam Wang with clenched fists, her gaze narrowed in a threatening way.

However, Su Yang remained sitting there, and he said: "Are you sure about that? You won’t be seeing any more Lightning Cat monster cores being sold for a least a few more years after these."

Madam Wang’s frown immediately deepened. What did he mean by that? Although Lightning Cat monster cores are indeed rare and hard to come by, they are not as rare as Su Yang made them sound.

"You seem confused... Are you aware of the situation at the Thunder Valley?" Su Yang suddenly asked.

"The Thunder Valley?" Madam Wang recalled how there has been an abnormally large amount of Lightning Cats appearing within the Thunder Valley for the past week; it was to the point where there was only Lightning Cats and nothing else, almost as though everything else that had lived there had suddenly vanished or driven away.

"Because of the subjugation happening there even as we are currently speaking, the Lightning Cats’ population there will evidently plummet. They might even get hunted to the point of extinction. What do you think will happen once that happens?"

"..." Madam Wang eye’s widened upon realizing where Su Yang was trying to get at.

However, before she could even open her mouth to speak, Su Yang continued: "The monster cores you see on the table are the only Lightning Cat monster cores left—there are no more within the Thunder Valley—so I want to sell them at three times its original price."

"Hmph. How can you be so sure about that?"

"Whether I am right or not, you will know in a few months. So here is my offer... You can help me sell these monster cores now and jump in joy later, or you can force me out that door today and regret your decision within a few months time. Either way, even if I don’t sell them here today, I will still have many other uses for these monster cores."

Madam Wang became silent. She was pondering his offer.

"If what he says about the Lightning Cats is true and I let him leave now, then we will lose out on a potentially massive profit. However, if we help him sell his monster cores for three times its original price without any solid proof regarding his claims, then it will upset the guests and our Burning Lotus Auction House will definitely lower in reputation—"

"—No... We can just tell the guests that the seller insisted on selling it three times the original price no matter what. Even if it doesn’t sell, we will not lose anything because we didn’t spend any resources on it, even profiting from it..."

After thinking to herself the situation, Madam Wang finally decided to help Su Yang sell his monster cores. If it sells, then even if they have to lose 10% of their normal shares, they would still profit because the monster cores would be sold at least three times its original price.

"I will let you know right now that I do not like you and that my decision was made purely thinking for my Burning Lotus Auction House. Business is business, so I will help you sell your monster cores."

Su Yang nodded with a smile and said: "Good... now let’s move onto my second offer..."

"Huh?" Madam Wang looked at him with a dumbfounded expression on her face, looking as though she couldn’t understand his words just now. She wondered what else did he has to offer.

"I happened to hear that your Burning Lotus Auction House has the recipe for this pill that increases the chance of someone entering the Profound Spirit Realm by 90%? My second offer is this... I have a method to make that pathetic 90% into 100%, and I am willing to sell it to you."

"You can what?!" Madam Wang directly cried out loud from the shock of hearing his abrupt offer. Even though it was only a mere 10%, the difference between 90% and 100% is incomparable because one guaranteed success and the other didn’t! Hell, forget about 90%. Even if it was turning 99% into 100%, she would still be as shocked!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 I Want You
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You... you are an expert in the Dao of Alchemy—an Alchemist?" Madam Wang asked Su Yang, her voice sounding dazed and her face still expressing strong disbelief.

Alchemists or Alchemy Masters are cultivators in the cultivation world with a profession in medicines and creating pills. They are all highly respected and valued people in the cultivation world because of their ability to create pills that could significantly assist others whether it’d be their health or cultivation.

However, not everybody can become an Alchemist as they wish. Just like cultivation, one must be born with the talent to become an Alchemist, as they are required to memorize the countless numbers of plants and medicines that exist in this world. It is said that only one in 100,000 people are born with the capabilities to become an Alchemist, hence their rarity in this world.

Additionally, most Alchemists in this world are at an old age because they had to spend the majority of their life studying the Dao of Alchemy just to become a full-fledged Alchemist. So for Su Yang, who was still so young, to be an Alchemist was something almost unbelievable in Madam Wang’s eyes.

"No, I am not an Alchemist." Su Yang immediately denied her suspicions, and he continued: "But I happen to know a thing or two about the Dao of Alchemy, as I used to have a friend who was decent in that field."

"If you’re not an Alchemist, then what the hell could you possibly know about the profound Dao of Alchemy?" Madam Wang frowned. She was someone who deeply revered all Alchemists, as she was an Alchemy apprentice herself, someone who’d just started her path to becoming an Alchemy Master. So when Su Yang, someone who was not even an Alchemist, claimed that he knew a thing or two about the Dao of Alchemy, it had greatly annoyed her.

In her eyes, he was not any different than someone claiming to know about sewing when he’d never sewed before.

"Whether I know anything or not, why don’t you see for yourself? Do you have one of those Burning Lotus Pills on you right now?" he suddenly said.

"What are you going to do?" she asked with a doubtful expression.

"I have never seen this Burning Lotus Pill ever in my life before, but I will be able to guess its recipe if you give me a minute with it."

"What a joke. If you can tell a pill’s recipe just by looking at the pill, then I’d be willing to kiss your feet and call you my master." Madam Wang sneered at his ridiculous claims.

"Then why don’t we have a bet on whether or not I can do it? If I cannot guess the pill’s recipe, then I will give you all of these Lightning Cats monster cores for free. However, if I win..."

A profound light flickered within Madam Wang’s eyes half-way through Su Yang’s sentence, and she quickly interrupted him. "If you win, then you can do whatever you want with my body." She said to him with a seductive look.

"..." Su Yang lifted an eyebrow at her offer, and he said a second later: "Why would I want your body?"

His words instantly dumbfounded Madam Wang, who was extremely confident in her charming figure and beautiful appearance. How could he refuse her offer that was a dream of countless men out there? Could he even be considered a man at this point?

After hearing Su Yang’s direct rejection, Madam Wang awkwardly cleared her throat.

"Then what do you want?" she asked with a slightly blushing face, feeling embarrassed about what had just happened.

"I want you." Su Yang said in a nonchalant voice, dumbfounding her once again.

"What did you just say?" Madam Wang couldn’t help but feel that he was truly trying to make a fool out of her by now. Where did he get the courage to ask for her after refusing her just seconds ago?

"I want you—your status as a Sect Elder for the Burning Lotus Palace, to be precise. I will clearly win this bet, as that’s the only reason I’d even bother making this wager in the first place. Did you really think that I’d be stupid enough to make an expensive bet that I wasn’t confident in? Or did that not come across your mind at all? How laughable..." Su Yang chuckled.

Madam Wang’s jaw dropped slightly from shock. She’d only realized that after Su Yang mentioned it. Because he had used so many monster cores as his wager, it had caught her off guard and made her mind muddled for a moment.

After the realization, her body began feeling hotter than before, almost as if the room’s temperature skyrocketed. Just thinking about how she’d almost gave away her body for free made her entire body sweaty.

"Why are you doing this me? Do I really look that easy to make fun of? You may be a customer here, but force and my hands and I will kill you!" Madam Wang gritted her teeth in anger, and her eyes narrowed at Su Yang, her urge to beat him up resurfacing and stronger than ever.

Ever since the beginning, nothing had made sense to her. She felt as though she was being thrown around by Su Yang at the back of his palms— that she was just his plaything.

Seeing her cultivation base at the peak of the True Spirit Realm leaking out of her, Su Yang casually shrugged. "You are an honest woman, so I did not bother coating my words with you. I did not intend on making fun of you, I promise."

Hearing his words and seeing his sincere face, Madam Wang slowly calmed down.

"Continue," she said a moment later.

"Before I continue, allow me to show you my credibility. The Burning Lotus Pill, you have one, right?" he said.

Madam Wang turned silent again.

And a minute later, she stood up and walked to the back of the room, where she retrieved a small glass bottle inside one of the drawers. Inside this glass bottle, there rested one red-colored medicine pill in the shape and size of a perfectly small, round pebble.

"This is the Burning Lotus Pill. Make any funny movements and I’ll instantly kill you." Madam Wang placed the glass bottle on the table right beside the monster cores.

Su Yang casually picked up the bottle and inspected the pill inside.

"I will open it to smell it." Su Yang smiled when Madam Wang frowned at his words. "Don’t worry, it will only take a second and the pill’s quality will remain the same," he said to her as a reassurance, since these glass bottles were made to keep the pills inside fresh or else they’d degrade, just like jade boxes.

After saying that, Su Yang barely pulled the cap off the glass bottle and gave it a quick sniff, before closing it immediately. He then placed the glass bottle back on the table and closed his eyes with a pondering expression.

"This pill was made only recently... precisely 5 days ago. The ingredients used to create this pill was..." Su Yang, still with his eyes closed, began naming a dozen different names for herbs and other things, causing Madam Wang to stare at him with her delicious-looking mouth and beautiful eyes wide open.